###chapter1
At Seamarsh Airport, Stella Anderson stood waiting at the waiting area with a large suitcase at her feet.
She glanced at her watch again.
It had been thirty minutes since she got off the plane.
And yet, her husband whom she had gotten married to a year ago was nowhere in sight.
She fanned herself with her fingers while frowning.
She already had a bad impression of someone she had never met.
This was supposed to be their first meeting.
How could he be so late?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As she watched people come and go, she couldn’t help but recall her hasty marriage.
It had happened a year ago after her grandfather came down with a serious illness.
Stella, who was abroad at the time, rushed home to see him.
It was then he made it known that he hoped to see her get married soon.
Stella wanted to say no.
But when she remembered how her grandfather adopted her from an orphanage and raised her into the adult she had become, she didn’t have the heart to disappoint him.
And so, she got married to the man her grandfather picked for her; a man she had never met.
The groom wasn’t present on their wedding day.
Someone else stepped in to handle the registration of the marriage.
She didn’t know her husband at all.
All she knew was his name and that he was a businessman.
To this day, Stella wasn’t sure if her compromise was the right choice.
Her so-called husband wasn’t particularly giving her something to like about him.
She glanced at her watch for like the hundredth time.
An additional ten minutes had passed.
Stella sighed exasperatedly.
Just as she took out her phone to call her grandfather, a screeching sound pierced the air and almost burst her eardrums.
A silver Aston Martin came to a screeching halt in front of her.
The driver’s seat window rolled down.
Stella took a step back.
Once she saw a familiar face, she blurted out, “Why are you here?”
Behind the wheel was the last person she expected to see now-her cousin, Oliver Palmer.
“Ouch! That hurts!” Oliver clutched his chest as though he was really hurt.
After getting out of the car, he pouted.
“Your return is so important.
We haven’t seen each other for a long time.
As your cousin, I couldn’t resist the urge to come pick you up.
But you are so mean to me.
It’s not fair!”
Stella wasn’t surprised or deceived by his poor acting.
She rolled her eyes and sucked her teeth, refusing to speak.
“Hop in, Stella.
You must be tired and hungry.
I’ll treat you to lunch.
” After grabbing her suitcase with one hand, Oliver placed his other hand on her shoulder and shoved her to the car.
“Wait! I can’t go with you.
” Stella stopped him.
“Why?” Oliver stopped.
He scoffed when something occurred to him a moment later.
###chapter2
“Is it because of your husband? You still want to wait for him?”
Stella didn’t utter a word, but her look said it all.
Oliver snorted.
“Don’t wait for him anymore.
Need I remind you that he has never contacted you since you guys got married? Doesn’t that tell you enough?”
Stella was lost for words.
“If he wanted to come pick you up, he would have shown up before I did.
How can you trust a man that has ignored your existence for one year?” Oliver added in a more sarcastic tone.
After it sank in, Stella retorted defensively, “But Grandpa said Maverick will come to pick me up.
”
She thought Maverick would keep his word since he promised her grandfather.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Oliver held the bridge of his nose and sighed helplessly.
“Even if you still want to wait for him, you don’t have to stand in the sun.
Get into the car.
It’s hot outside.
”
While the two of them were arguing, a tall figure appeared in the crowd and was heading for them.
Matthew Clark was talking on the phone.
“I’m already at the airport.
Take your medicine now.
”
A soft female voice came from the other end of the line.
“Remember, Ella is wearing a red dress today.
She has long curly hair.
Also, her suitcase is black…”
“I have already seen her, Grandma.
Now, can you stop worrying?”
Matthew’s eyes were fixed on the duo meters away.
He frowned.
There was a woman who fitted the description his grandmother gave, down to the color of her suitcase.
But she just got into a man’s car while he held the door for her.
Matthew’s tone suddenly turned cold.
“Got to go, Grandma.
I’ll talk to you later.
”
Matthew’s face darkened.
At the same time, an icy glint leaped into his deep-set eyes.
###chapter3
He put away his phone, turned around, and left.
Back in his car, Matthew’s grip on the steering wheel grew tighter as he watched the two people in the sports car.
The man handed the woman a bottle of water.
As she drank from it, he smoothened her hair dotingly.
Although Matthew couldn’t see her face, that didn’t matter to him anymore.
He was boiling on the inside.
Suddenly, he laughed at himself.
Why did he even find this surprising? He should have known this a long time ago.
His so-called wife had been away from the city for a whole year after their marriage.
They had never met or gotten to know each other over the phone.
It was understandable for her to get herself a boyfriend.
Matthew set his lips into a grim line.
He took out his phone and typed a message.
As soon as he hit send, he started his car and zoomed off at a high speed.
Later that afternoon, Stella got dressed in a simple and elegant light-colored business suit and went to Prosperity Group.
Prosperity Group was one of the leading companies in Seamarsh.
The employees were, in one way or the other, elites in the city.
Stella walked into the magnificent building that housed the headquarters of the group.
With her excellent resume, she had gotten a job as the senior private PR professional to the CEO, Matthew.
The director of the public relations department, Luna James, led Stella to meet Matthew.
Unbeknown to Stella, the man she was going to be working for was actually her husband, Maverick.
Matthew had zero trust in people.
He used his real name when his marriage was being signed.
Only those closest to him knew his real name-Maverick Clark.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella and Luna took the elevator to the top floor.
On the way, Luna was very enthusiastic.
She kept telling Stella about the company.
“The CEO’s office takes up the entire top floor.
It’s out of bounds for most of the employees.
Only those who report directly to him or have something extremely important can go there.
”
Stella listened quietly.
She wanted to learn all she could about her new boss, so she appreciated this new lecture.
Luna suddenly paused.
Then, she turned to Stella and asked casually, “I heard you previously worked in one of Prosperity Group’s branches overseas.
Why did you suddenly get transferred to the headquarters?
Did you know Mr.
Clark before?”
Curiosity shone in Luna’s eyes.
It was crystal clear she wanted to find this out for gossip’s sake.
Never in the history of Prosperity Group had anyone been employed or transferred without undergoing any interview.
In fact, the process of becoming an employee here was longer than most.
###chapter4
Stella broke that record.
There had been speculations amongst the other employees that Stella wasn’t an ordinary person.
As a result, Luna wanted to know why the CEO himself got Stella transferred.
It was no news that most of those who tried to gain this job failed at the resume submission stage.
This was because Matthew had strict requirements.
At this moment, Luna’s prying question drew a frown from Stella.
She disliked anyone who tried to stick their nose into other people’s business.
She glanced at Luna’s work ID and said coldly, “Last I checked, PR professionals are supposed to have a high EQ.
They usually have their head in the game at work.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She just said that Luna was stepping out of Line.
As soon as Stella finished speaking, the elevator came to a halt on the top floor.
Stella walked out without looking at her companion.
Luna’s face darkened at this.
Gritting her teeth, she glared at Stella’s back as she walked out of the elevator.
Who did this newcomer think she was? How dare she use such a tone when talking to her?
The two of them waited outside the office.
Luna took a look at her watch and went to a corner to make a phone call.
When she returned, she told Stella, “Mr.
Clark is still on the way.
We need to wait a little longer.
”
Stella nodded in understanding.
No one said a word for a few seconds.
Suddenly, Luna piped up in a casual tone, “Wanna know why Mr.
Clark is running late?”
Still mad at Stella for shutting her up, Luna wanted to set the records straight.
She intended to make Stella get down from her high horse.
Stella didn’t give a hoot about what her boss did outside of the office.
As a result, she responded with only silence.
Refusing to take the hint, Luna said in an annoying voice, “You see, his wife just got back today.
He put aside all his work for today just so he could go pick her up at the airport.
He’s such a sweet husband!”
With dreamy eyes, Luna crossed her arms over her chest and added with regret and admiration, “It’s such a pity that he got married so early.
His wife is one lucky lady.
I wonder what she’s like.
”
These words suddenly reminded Stella of what happened to her earlier today.
It appeared that some women were lucky to have good husbands.
Her boss, Mathew, seemed better than Maverick.
After she waited at the airport for almost an hour, Maverick sent her a short message saying that he couldn’t make it because he was busy.
What a ridiculous excuse! Could he be busier than the CEO of Prosperity Group?
Suddenly, the elevator tinkled.
###chapter5
Luna quickly smoothened her clothes and ran her fingers through her hair.
After putting on a smile, she pulled Stella.
The elevator doors opened slowly.
A man who was clad in a bespoke suit walked to them with one hand in his pocket.
He had long legs which made him take giant strides.
His shoulders were broad, but his waist was slightly narrow.
His angular features were like those of a muscular and hot model.
Stella estimated that he was more than six feet tall.
The noble aura that he exuded was very strong.
Stella was unable to take her eyes off him.
“Good day, Mr.
Clark.
”
Luna’s voice interrupted Stella’s observation.
With a little bow, Stella introduced herself.
“Hello, Mr.
Clark.
I’m the PR professional transferred from the overseas branch company.
My name is Stella Anderson.
”
At that name, Matthew raised his eyebrows in surprise.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The name rang a bell.
However, he couldn’t tell where he had heard it from.
His eyebrows furrowed with subtle confusion.
The next second, he gestured to a door.
“Let’s talk in my office.
”
With that, he walked into the office.
Stella followed him in without hesitation.
Sitting at his desk, Matthew scanned through the file in his hand.
He had specifically chosen Stella to be his personal PR officer because she had achieved great feats in the branch company Last year.
Her records showed that she helped the company get out of several situations that could have harmed its reputation.
More importantly…
Matthew turned to the last page of her resume and narrowed his eyes.
“You can design?”
His deep voice broke the weighty silence in the office.
This was the last thing Stella thought he would ask her.
After getting over the surprise, she nodded.
###chapter6
“A little.
”
Matthew raised his eyes, glanced at her calm face, and continued to inquire, “You are a PR professional.
What has design got to do with your work? Why did you feel the need to put design drafts in your resume?”
Stella came well-prepared for this question.
She sat up straight and replied confidently, “Prosperity Group is trying to occupy the clothing industry.
As a PR professional, my job includes marketing the brand image.
That’s why I made a few design drafts that could be put to good use.
”
Matthew nodded thoughtfully.
He closed the file and dumped it in a corner of his desk.
Afterward, he turned to Luna and ordered, “Get her settled in.
Then assign a task to her.
”
Luna was surprised.
Was that all Matthew had to say?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Although Luna wasn’t pleased at all, she replied politely, “Yes, Mr.
Clark.
”
Stella heaved a sigh of relief as she walked out of the office.
She loosened her clenched fists, and her palms were already sweating.
At the thought of the CEO’s cold and stern face, Stella grew nervous again.
She had a gut feeling that working under him would be harder than she thought.
Luna led Stella to the public relations department.
She then introduced her to the other employees.
“Listen up, guys! This is Stella Anderson, your new colleague.
”
With a polite smile, Stella said, “Nice to meet you all.
It’s an honor to be part of this department.
I hope we can get along well.
”
The others were shocked by Stella’s rapid onboarding.
They whispered to each other.
“Is she the PR officer who was transferred here to work for Mr.
Clark personally? She looks pretty.
I wonder if she’s a beauty with brains or just an empty skull.
”
“Come on.
You should know that Mr.
Clark has an eye for the best talents.
I bet she’s good at what she does.
”
“I’m so jealous of her.
She gets to work closely with Mr.
Clark.
What a lucky girl!”
Stella heard it all.
However, her smile remained the same and she didn’t say anything.
On the other hand, Luna’s face became a shade redder.
She frowned at Stella.
These comments fanned the flames of her dissatisfaction.
It was widely known that Matthew put potential employees through a vigorous interview process.
But earlier, she had witnessed how lenient he was with Stella.
###chapter7
Luna eyed Stella from head to toe.
She was certain that this newcomer was just a numbskull.
Out of spite, she vowed to make Stella suffer.
Luna’s conniving mind got to work immediately.
She decided to give Stella the most difficult task on ground.
“Here you go.
This is your first task as ordered by Mr.
Clark.
Currently, everyone is on the verge of completing the projects they have been working on.
The only task left is concerning the choice of background music for the company’s upcoming anniversary party.
” As Luna held the necessary document, her tone was natural.
“Your job is to communicate with the other party and make sure the background music is confirmed ASAP.
”
Stella frowned and asked, “Is there anything else I must know?”
The choice of background music was one of the simplest aspects that went into a banquet preparation.
As such, it was odd that it was still not done.
Luna was hell-bent on making Stella suffer, so she didn’t bother explaining.
She just threw the document to Stella and said, “The client involved will come later.
You’ll know all about it when you guys meet.
”
With that, she went straight to her desk.
Stella shrugged instead of asking any more questions.
For some peace and quiet, she went into the meeting room while flipping through the document.
The second the door was shut, a discussion broke out in the office again.
“This newcomer is doomed.
Henry is not an easy person to work with.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Not only is he picky, he’s also a pervert.
I shudder at the thought of what he would do to her.
”
“You are not alone.
Anyway, I wish her good luck.
”
In the meeting room, Stella studied all there was to know about the task and the client she would be meeting.
The client was a pianist named Henry Scott.
The company’s management was interested in using his piano piece at the 30th anniversary party which was just around the corner.
For some unknown reason, they were yet to reach an agreement.
She had just finished the last page of the document when the door of the meeting room was pushed open.
A man wearing a pair of jeans and a casual shirt with rolled-up sleeves came in.
Stella stood up immediately and smiled.
“Hello, Mr.
Scott.
Thanks for coming.
I’m Stella Anderson and I will be responsible for discussing the cooperation concerning the use of your piece for the upcoming anniversary banquet.
Please, have a seat.
”
“Okay,” Henry replied and pulled out the chair beside Stella.
###chapter8
With his arms folded over his chest, he reclined in the chair and stared at her.
Stella avoided his gaze.
As she sat down, she moved the chair away a little bit.
Then, she began in a professional tone.
“You are yet to reach an agreement with us for the use of your piano piece.
Is there a reason for that?
If you have any reservations about it, do tell.
I assure you that we will satisfy you as long as it’s within our power.
”
Henry remained mute as his eyes wandered all over her.
An icy warning trickled up Stella’s spine.
She felt uncomfortable under his stare, but she still smiled.
“I’m aware that you are currently preparing to go on a nationwide tour soon.
I promise that this won’t affect your preparations.
On the contrary, we will spare some time to publicize your tour at the banquet as a token of our appreciation.
What do you think?”
Henry rubbed his chin for a while before saying, “I have to say that you make quite an attractive offer.
” He gave her a side look and then smiled.
Stella held out the prepared contract.
“Please read through the contract.
If you have a problem with any of the clauses, I can have it modified immediately.
”
Without taking the document, Henry leaned back and put his hands at the back of his head.
“Reading is so much work.
Worse yet, the contract looks so bulky.
I don’t want to go through it.
”
Hearing this, Stella was in a dilemma.
“How about you move closer and read it to me?” Henry’s eyes glistened with interest as he looked at her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella pursed her lips and took a deep breath.
Having worked in the PR industry for many years, she had come across all kinds of clients who requested strange things.
Reading a contract aloud didn’t seem that much of a big deal.
With that in mind, Stella moved a little closer while still making sure she was a safe distance from him.
She then cleared her throat and began reading.
Her eyes were on the document, but she could feel his burning stare wandering all over her body.
It gave her the heebie—jeebies.
Nonetheless, Stella straightened up and tried to concentrate on what she was reading.
Suddenly, Henry leaned over sharply.
Stella ducked out of instinct.
###chapter9
Smiling smugly, he leaned even closer.
“What a beautiful necklace you have got there.
It goes well with your radiant skin.
”
As he spoke, he reached out with the intention of touching her neck.
It took Stella great restraint not to slap his hand away.
Instead, she leaned back further and glared at him as her disgust grew stronger.
“If you like this necklace, I will help you order one and send it to your company after the meeting.
Can we get back to the agenda now?”
Henry’s hand froze in the air and he sneered, “I thought Prosperity Group wanted to work with me.
But it turns out I was wrong.
I’m a very busy man, so I shouldn’t be wasting my precious time talking with insincere people.
”
He raised his eyebrows and looked at her with a hint of threat.
ALL of a sudden, the door was pushed open.
“The cooperation is canceled!”
With an expressionless face, Matthew walked in.
He stood in front of Stella and faced Henry.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Henry’s face darkened.
“What did you just say?”
“You heard me right!” Matthew said indifferently.
“You are disrespectful to the female employees in this company.
And we will no longer cooperate with you.
There are thousands of piano pieces in the world.
It should be easy to get another pianist.
”
As Stella stared at Matthew’s broad back, her eyes sparkled with gratitude.
He was such a gentleman.
His wife was a Lucky woman.
Henry’s mouth dropped open and he looked utterly embarrassed.
The next second, he lost his cool.
He sprang to his feet, stormed out, and slammed the door behind him.
The other employees left their desks and craned their necks to look at the door of the meeting room.
The moment Matthew walked out, he gave Luna an earful in front of the others.
“Didn’t you know you were supposed to do a background check on Henry Scott before offering to work with him? As a PR professional, you should know that every wrong move can lead to a disaster and it can backfire on this company.
”
Lowering her head, Luna apologized repeatedly.
“I’m so sorry, Mr.
Clark.
I promise that this will never repeat itself.
Next time, I’1L make sure to carry out a thorough investigation.
”
The last thing Luna expected was her nasty little trick to backfire.
###chapter10
She was on the brink of tears as she wondered how Stella was able to wriggle out of this.
After glaring at her for a long time, Matthew scanned all the faces in the office and said, “Let this serve as a warning to all of you.
Your job is to better the brand image and solve crises, not cause a mess.
If you can’t do your job well, tender your resignation and go to the financial department for your severance pay!”
His voice wasn’t loud, but it was firm and intimidating.
It made everyone shudder.
No one dared to look up or speak.
Luna couldn’t help feeling that Matthew’s warning was directed at her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She clenched her fists and murdered Stella with her eyes.
Matthew had never scolded her before, let alone in public.
Things only changed after Stella resumed work here.
Luna believed Stella must have badmouthed her in the meeting room.
At the thought of this, Luna’s hatred for Stella quadrupled.
Her blood was boiling as if someone lit a torch in her veins.
Matthew left after giving them a piece of his mind.
In his wake, a heavy silence fell in the office.
All the employees were shaken up and went about their day on pins and needles.
Hours later, it was a few minutes to closing hour.
Stella took out her phone and clicked on the chat box between her and Maverick.
Her fingers hovered over the keyboard as she pondered.
Finally, she decided to invite him to dinner.
Although their marriage wasn’t that of Love and she hadn’t wanted to marry him, she figured that she might as well get to know him since there was no turning back.
She was just about to hit send when her phone suddenly rang.
It was a call from Oliver.
Stella answered it.
As soon as she pressed the phone to her ear, Oliver rambled about his plans.
“Ella, I have booked us a table at Joyful Restaurant.
See you at half past seven tonight.
”
“But I already—”
Oliver interrupted her, “No buts, Stella.
You have been away for a long time.
We have to celebrate your return.
Lest I forget, Juliette will be there too.
Don’t stand us up.
If you refuse, I’ll drive down to your company and drag you there myself!”
Oliver wasn’t one to bluff.
His tone indicated that he was going to make good his threat.
###chapter11
Stella agreed.
“Okay, I’ll bring Maverick along.
”
Oliver didn’t like Stella’s husband, and he never hid it.
“Soothe yourself.
”
After getting off the phone, Stella cleared the typed text and made a new one.
She read the message a couple of times.
After making sure she made no errors in the location and time, she hit the send icon.
A reply came moments later.
“Okay, see you there.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella checked the time after she received that message.
It was time to get off work.
She headed straight to the restaurant.
In Joyful Restaurant, Stella saw someone waving at her as soon as she walked in.
It was Oliver.
He was seated with his girlfriend, Juliette Davis, at a large table.
Oliver was leaning in so close to Juliette and staring as if he wanted to gobble her up.
Stella wasn’t even surprised by that.
As she got seated opposite them, she placed her bag on the table and joked, “Can you two stop making everyone else jealous with your intense PDA?”
Juliette shyly fiddled with her long curls which were similar to Stella’s.
She raised her eyebrows and teased, “Two can play the game, so do this with your husband.
”
After saying that, she looked behind Stella and asked, “Weren’t you supposed to come along with your hubby? Where is he? Is he shy because he will be meeting us for the first time?”
Stella picked up the menu and said, “He’s on his way.
”
“He’d better be!” Oliver snorted.
“He seems to have a thing for standing people up.
”
His dissatisfaction with Maverick was obvious and undisguised.
Stella gave him a murderous glare and placed her index finger over her lips.
“Shush!”
She set down the menu and gave him a harder look.
“You’d better be on your best behavior when he gets here.
Don’t start a fight, okay?”
###chapter12
Oliver pursed his lips and said nothing.
It was already half past seven when Matthew arrived at Joyful Restaurant.
Earlier, his wife had texted him saying that they needed to talk face-to-face.
Thinking of how she was with another man at the airport, he typed a big no.
But he cleared it up after thinking that it was best to hear an explanation from her first.
Matthew walked into the restaurant with mixed feelings.
He located the table his wife had mentioned in her text to him.
To his greatest surprise, he saw the same man he had seen at the airport this morning.
The man was holding a woman’s neck as he ki*sed her passionately.
The woman’s face wasn’t visible from where Matthew stood because of her long curly hair.
Color crept to Mathew’s face and the veins on his forehead throbbed.
Did his wife plan this?
She wanted to show off her lover to piss him off, didn’t she?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Heat surged through Matthew’s veins as he balled his hands into fists, and almost crushed his phone.
Just as he was about to confront those two lovebirds, he heard the voice of his newest employee from behind.
“What a coincidence, Mr.
Clark! What are you doing here?”
Stella returned from the bathroom to find that her husband, Maverick, still hadn’t arrived.
She was on her way back to the table when she spotted her boss.
She greeted him, only to find that he had a long face.
Matthew replied simply, “I’m here to meet a business partner.
”
“Oh, okay.
” Sensing that he wasn’t in the mood to talk, Stella didn’t bother to say anything else.
Matthew turned around and left without looking back.
Stella returned to the table and looked at her watch.
It was already seven forty.
Maverick was thirty minutes late already.
Frowning, she took her phone and read the message she had sent him earlier.
There was no error in the address and time.
Why wasn’t he here yet after agreeing to come? Was he standing her up yet again?
What was his deal? Didn’t he want to meet the woman he was married to? Did he already hate her even before they met?
As her mind was filled with several questions, Stella felt a little depressed.
###chapter13
The steak she was eating tasted bland in her mouth.
After swallowing a mouthful forcefully, she set down her knife and fork, and then texted Maverick again.
“Hey, why aren’t you here yet? What’s keeping you? If tonight isn’t convenient for you, let’s agree on another day and time.
”
Oliver’s heart ached a little when he saw Stella’s mood dampen.
It made him hate Maverick even more.
Slamming his glass on the table, he cursed angrily, “Maverick is such a jerk! How dare he stand you up twice on the same day? You deserve so much better, Stella.
I say that you divorce him!”
“Shhh! Stop adding fuel to the fire!” Juliette hushed him with a glare.
Oliver shook his head with disappointment and zipped up his Lips even though he wanted to continue cursing so bad.
Juliette turned to Stella and comforted her in a soft voice, “Don’t look so sad, Stella.
Maybe something is keeping him.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Since she and Oliver had fallen in love at first sight, she believed that true love could happen to Stella and her husband.
But she also acknowledged that it wouldn’t be easy at first.
Stella nodded without saying anything.
She looked at her phone again.
Maverick still hadn’t replied her last message.
Was it that he hadn’t seen it or that he was ignoring her now?
Matthew’s intention to confront his wife and her boyfriend had been halted by Stella’s sudden appearance.
It appeared she was also there for dinner.
For some reason, he didn’t want Stella to know that he had marriage problems.
Matthew marched to the parking lot, looking like he would explode at any moment.
He had just gotten into his car when the phone in his pocket buzzed.
He whipped it out and saw that his wife just texted him.
His eyebrows furrowed as soon as he read the message.
Was she out of her mind? He had just seen her ki*sing another man in public, but she still dared to text him as if she couldn’t wait to see him.
What a pretentious woman!
Matthew had Lived long enough to encounter all kinds of women.
A lot had done outrageous things, but none of them came close to what his wife just did.
She had gotten him real good to the extent that he almost lost his cool in public.
He was so irritated.
He threw his phone aside, started the ignition, and zoomed off.
Seething with rage, Matthew went on a long drive around the city.
It was already very late when he arrived home.
###chapter14
The first person he saw when he walked into his mansion was his grandmother, Lucia Clark.
She was sitting on the sofa with a deep frown.
“Where have you been? Look at the time! Why did you stay out so late?”
With his suit jacket slung over his shoulder, Matthew glanced at the clock his grandmother pointed to and then sighed.
“Grandma, why are you here? Shouldn’t you be in bed by now?”
“You dare ask me such questions?” Lucia slapped the armrest of the leather sofa and shot him a searing glare.
“Stella’s grandfather told me that you didn’t pick her up from the airport.
Where the hell have you been? And why did you lie to me? You are a married man now.
How can you be so irresponsible?’
A touch of helplessness flashed through Matthew’s eyes.
“Grandma.
” Matthew casually put his coat on the sofa and sat next to her.
After a mild hesitation, he told her everything he saw at the airport today.
At last, he sighed and added in a sincere tone.
“Grandma, my father had many mistresses when he was alive.
His philandering led to my birth.
Even if everyone sees me as the heir of the family, I’m still an illegitimate son.
”
“Matthew… Lucia called out in a soft tone, feeling regretful.
She knew what he had been through.
As always, she felt pity for him.
Matthew squeezed his knees as he continued, “That’s why I have vowed to be nothing like my father.
I intend to stay faithful to my wife, and I expect her to do the same.
I can’t take it if we are not on the same page.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
There was a moment of silence after he finished speaking.
After thinking for a while, Lucia said, “You know me.
I don’t do things without properly investigating.
I did that before I got you to marry Stella.
She’s not a promiscuous woman.
If anything, she’s prim and proper.
There must be some kind of misunderstanding.
”
Matthew pursed his lips and said nothing.
“Please don’t give up just yet.
You both need to talk things out face to face,” Lucia suggested.
“Since you two never dated, you should spend more time trying to create a bond first.
Take things slow, okay?”
Matthew didn’t know what to say to that, so he changed the topic.
“It’s getting pretty late.
I’ll ask the driver to take you home.
You don’t have to worry about me.
”
Lucia wanted to apply pressure, but when she saw his sunken eyes and tired lines on his forehead, she swallowed her words.
After sending his grandmother home, Matthew lay on his king-sized bed.
He closed his eyes.
But the image of those two ki*sing passionately kept popping into his mind.
He couldn’t shake it off no matter how he tried.
At this moment, he felt empty and numb.
###chapter15
This marriage didn’t seem like it was going to work out.
Maybe it was time to get divorced.
Later that night, Stella returned to her current residence and took a long shower.
She then gave her grandfather a video call.
They chatted about random things before Clint Anderson changed the topic.
Looking at her with sharp eyes, he asked euphemistically, “Ella, be honest with me.
Are you in love with someone else?”
Before he got on the video call, Lucia had called to tell him why Stella got stood up today.
He didn’t believe it.
However, he thought it wise to hear from Stella first.
“Grandpa, what are you talking about?” Stella blushed.
“You and I know that I work round the clock.
What time do I have to fall for someone else?”
Reminded of what Maverick put her through today, she complained to Clint.
“Grandpa, I’ll be very honest with you.
I don’t like the way Maverick treated me today.
How busy was he that he couldn’t spare time to see his wife who just got back?”
Clint frowned, feeling confused and relieved at the same time.
This was an unpleasant situation.
However, he thought that since there wasn’t another man in the picture, his granddaughter and her husband could still work things out.
Clint comforted, “I advise that you cut him some slack.
As a businessman, he must have his hands full now.
Trust me.
You two will meet soon.
Take things slow.
A marriage without understanding from both parties is bound to fail.
For now, you should concentrate on meeting him and growing a bond.
”
Stella pouted and reluctantly accepted her grandfather’s advice.
“I have heard you, Grandpa.
Go to bed.
Good night.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After getting off the phone, Stella thought for a while.
Then, she sent yet another message to Maverick.
“I understand that you must be very busy.
Call me when you can spare some time.
We need to meet, at least.
”
The following morning, Stella stood in front of the CEO’s office with dark circles around her eyes.
Last night, she stayed up with her phone in her hand as she waited for Maverick’s response to her text.
Sadly, she got none.
All efforts to sleep failed.
To while away time, she decided to work on putting together a list of pianists who could replace Henry.
The anniversary dinner was just around the corner.
Since this was her first task, she didn’t want anything to go wrong.
Now, Stella patted her face to get rid of her dizziness.
She then knocked on the door.
“Come in!”
Matthew’s deep and powerful voice came from inside.
###chapter16
Stella pushed the door and walked in.
She saw Matthew sitting at his desk.
He was wearing a black suit and a shirt to match.
This fit gave him the look of a cold man who had everything under control.
Stella had been so nervous yesterday that she didn’t notice the interior of this office.
It was nothing like she had ever seen.
The decor was minimalist, down to the colors of the walls and the dr@pes.
A pile of documents and an ultra-slim monitor were on the large desk.
On the other side, there was a large bookshelf filled with books about topics ranging from business management, to finance, and even design.
With a document in hand, Stella walked to the desk and said politely, “Mr.
Clark, this is the list of pianists that I put together.
Each of them”
“Just put it down,” Matthew interrupted in a dismissive tone.
“Your job is done here.
The PR experts will deliberate and then follow up with the negotiation.
”
Hearing this, Stella was taken aback.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
His mood today seemed worse than yesterday’s.
Not only was he dismissive, but his eyes were also cold.
Stella lowered her head and stretched her hand to set down the document.
Just then, another document caught her attention.
Her eyes widened immediately.
Divorce agreement!
Matthew was about to get a divorce?
Stella felt as if she had just stumbled on a big secret.
As her eyes remained bulged, her hand trembled.
“What are you looking at?” Matthew raised his head and asked coldly.
When she met his cold eyes, she broke out in cold sweat.
“Get out!” Matthew pointed to the door, his face hardening further.
“Okay,” Stella replied in a hurry, turned around, and made for the door.
“If you want to keep this job, don’t go about looking at what you shouldn’t,” Matthew added.
This was clearly a subtle warning.
Stella paused and nodded.
Then, she ran out as fast as her legs could carry her.
She was out of breath by the time she returned to her desk.
Holding her heaving chest, she wondered why Matthew was getting a divorce.
Was he having problems in his marriage? Didn’t he go to pick up his wife from the airport yesterday? What could have made him decide to divorce?
###chapter17
Stella tried to think of what could have possibly gone wrong, but she couldn’t figure it out.
Divorce was common amongst the elites, so maybe she couldn’t understand Matthew’s decision because they weren’t on the same level.
Besides, how was her boss’s private life any of her business? She was hired to work as a PR officer, not a marriage counselor.
After talking some senses into her own head, Stella calmed down and continued to familiarize herself with the company’s current affairs.
It was almost noon when Matthew’s personal assistant, Fernando, showed up at Stella’s desk.
He tapped her desk and held out a document.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“This is the guest list for the anniversary party this weekend.
I need you to crosscheck it thoroughly, so there won’t be any surprises or mistakes.
”
“Got it.
” Stella took over the document.
She got right to work.
One by one, she did a background check on the guests, checked their business experiences, and also looked to see if they had any conflict with Prosperity Group.
After what happened with Henry yesterday, she couldn’t afford to do a shabby job.
The last name on the list was Vivien Sugden.
Vivien was a household name.
As a star, she had been linked to many powerful men, including Matthew.
Rumor once had it that there was something romantic going on between them.
Frowning, Stella didn’t know what to do with Vivien.
She ran to ask Fernando.
“Follow your heart,” replied Fernando.
She should follow her heart?
Burdened by this, Stella returned to her desk still frowning.
After pondering for a long time, she decided to search online about the relationship between Matthew and Vivien.
It turned out that there was no evidence to prove that these two ever dated.
Everything online was just groundless gossip.
And since both parties didn’t comment on the issue, the public opinion was divided.
Stella stared at Vivien’s name, lost in thought.
What table should she assign to Vivien?
The weekend rolled by quickly.
At eight o’clock in the evening, Prosperity International Hotel was lit up and buzzing with life.
The 30th-anniversary banquet of Prosperity Group was being held here.
Luxurious cars lined up the driveway of the hotel.
Several businessmen and celebrities from all across the country turned up in their beautiful and expensive outfits.
In the banquet hall, bigwigs gathered in fives and sixes to discuss and raise a toast to each other.
###chapter18
Stella shuttled through the banquet hall to make sure everything was just right.
At this time, a white Porsche pulled up at the entrance.
A valet immediately stepped forward and opened the car door.
He then helped the stunning woman of the car.
Vivien was dressed in a backless rose-colored evening dress.
Her curly hair was combed and styled up to one side.
As such, her smooth back was visible for all to see.
The tight-fitting dress hugged her curvaceous figure.
It also showed her supple cleavage.
With a majestic air around her, Vivien held the hemline of her dress and went up the steps.
She smiled at the cameras which turned to focus on her.
As soon as Vivien got into the ball, she scanned through in search of Matthew, but he was nowhere in sight.
She bit her lower lip in disappointment.
It was at that moment she saw someone who looked like a staff member standing by a table.
She walked to her and asked, “Where is Matthew?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Hearing that arrogant tone, Stella immediately stopped what she was doing.
She turned around, only to see that it was Vivien.
Smiling, she replied, “Mr.
Clark is busy, so he isn’t here yet.
”
“Where is my seat?” Vivien asked impatiently.
“This way please.
”
Stella motioned her to the left and led her to a table.
At the sight of where she was to sit, Vivien immediately flipped out.
“You have got to be kidding me! Don’t you know who I am to Matthew?
How could you put me at this remote table? What are you trying to do?
You did this on purpose, didn’t you?”
Stella explained in a polite but firm tone, “You have gotten this all wrong.
Every guest was assigned to a seat after careful consideration.
I did not target anyone or favored anyone.
”
Matthew was a married man.
He had never admitted that he had something romantic to do with Vivien.
As such, Stella assigned Vivien to the table she deserved.
It was done exactly how she did the rest.
“You cannot fool me, so cut the bullshit!” Vivien wasn’t having it.
She deliberately raised her voice to draw attention.
“You intentionally assigned the worse table to me, and yet I am supposed to just be okay with it? Since you have failed to own up to your mistakes, I will get you fired.
”
###chapter19
Stella kept her lips sealed and her polite smile unmoved as if she wasn’t being threatened.
Her nonchalance annoyed Vivien even more.
She questioned with her nose flaring, “What’s your name?”
“Her name is Stella Anderson!”
A deep voice suddenly came from the door.
The words Stella wanted to say hung at the tip of her tongue.
The banquet hall instantly became so silent that one could hear a pin drop.
All heads turned in the direction the voice came from.
Matthew’s tall figure soon came into people’s view.
The well-ironed suit he had on made him look dashing.
He exuded a strong aura.
Vivien’s face changed at the sight of him.
She rushed to him and said coquettishly, “Thank goodness you are here, Matthew! Look at the remote seat that was assigned to me.
If I sit here, I wouldn’t be able to see you clearly throughout the party.
I want to sit right next to you, okay?”
As she spoke, she reached out to hold his hand.
Matthew dodged easily.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
His voice remained deep.
“Changes can’t be made to the sitting arrangement.
If you don’t want to seat here, you might as well use the door.
”
Vivien’s red lips dropped open.
She blinked as if something had just hit her in the face.
The other guests looked at her gloatingly.
Feeling the mocking gazes from all directions, Vivien’s face turned extremely red.
She lowered her head in shame.
Staring at Matthew’s back, Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
Matthew walked away.
After taking his seat, he picked up the pamphlet containing the order of the party and began reading it.
Neville Pierce, who had been following him quietly, relaxed in his chair.
He rested his chin on his hand.
After staring at Matthew for a while, he nudged him.
“Hey, man.
Didn’t your wife return yesterday? Remember you said that you would introduce her to us? Why haven’t you done that? Are you hiding her from us? You don’t want us to meet her anymore?”
Neville glanced at Vivien when he finished speaking.
As a result, he didn’t notice that Matthew’s face darkened and his eyes turned icy.
###chapter20
“I see that Vivien is hell-bent on being a pest.
If you had brought your wife here, you would have passed a clear message to her.
”
Neville sucked his teeth.
Matthew closed the pamphlet and regained his usual indifference.
“My wife has a lot on her plate right now.
”
The last thing he wanted to do now was talk about his marriage which was about to end.
Besides, Neville had a big mouth.
“That’s bullshit!” Neville sneered.
After rubbing his chin for a while, he blurted out, “Are you in love with someone else?”
Matthew looked up, confusion clouding his eyes.
“Don’t blame me.
I have to ask seeing as you defended a woman Like this for the first time,” Neville said meaningfully and raised his chin in Stella’s direction.
Matthew followed his friend’s line of vision until his eyes fell on Stella.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He looked away indifferently and gave Neville a hard stare.
“Shut the f@ck up!”
Neville could tell that Matthew was angry, so he knew he risked getting his head ripped off if he didn’t drop it.
He smiled awkwardly and zipped his mouth.
A few minutes later, the banquet officially began.
Matthew held the guests spellbound with his opening speech.
As soon as he was done, he received a round of applause.
Everyone began to make merry.
At this time, Stella could finally take a break from working.
She picked up her phone and looked at it, but there was still no reply from Maverick.
Was he too busy to check his phone?
Sadness flashed in Stella’s eyes as she put away her phone and lowered her head.
A couple of hours later, it was about time for the banquet to end.
Stella headed backstage to see to it that the remaining part was done right.
Once backstage, she bumped into Vivien who was standing with a glass of red wine in hand.
###chapter21
Vivien must have been waiting for her.
The banquet was still on.
Stella smelled trouble the moment she saw Vivien, so she began to think of how to avoid a fight backstage.
She smiled and asked politely, “Is there anything I can do for you?”
“Quit pretending!” Vivien snarled.
Stella’s smile melted like ice cream on a hot summer day.
However, she remained as calm and polite as possible.
“Since you don’t need anything, I’ll get back to work.
Enjoy the rest of the evening.
”
It was as if Stella emptied a gallon of petrol on Vivien’s raging fire.
Her eyes sparked as she yelled, “Do you think you can talk to me like that because Matthew supports you? Don’t you know your place?
How dare you, a mere public relations worker, be so arrogant in front of me?”
Coupled with her beauty, Stella had a charisma that easily made other women jealous of her.
At the thought of how Matthew took Stella’s side against her in front of so many people, Vivien felt threatened for the first time in her life.
She knew for a fact that Matthew had never given any woman special treatment.
Jealousy was eating Vivien up as she glared at Stella.
She looked as if she was going to tear her apart.
Stella didn’t want to make a scene, so she said in a low voice, “I’ll keep your words in mind.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With that, she nodded at Vivien and began to walk past her.
She was two steps away when she suddenly staggered forward.
After maintaining her balance, Stella turned her head.
Vivien was stomping on the tail of Stella’s dress with her shoe.
She uttered arrogantly, “Who said you could leave? I’m not done speaking yet! Do you not take me seriously? How dare you!”
Stella frowned, with impatience and coldness flashing in her eyes.
Although she wasn’t quick-tempered, she couldn’t take Vivien’s disturbance anymore.
She stared Vivien dead in the eye and ordered, “Get your foot off my dress.
”
Scowling boldly, Vivien stomped on the dress until it got stained and crumpled.
“Is that all you have got? Do you seriously think I would quake in my boots just because you are glaring at me? Oh, come on! I’m not afraid.
Even if you report this to Matthew, you will be the one who has to leave.
Mark my words!”
Stella fired back.
###chapter22
“You are a guest here, so behave yourself.
Your new movie was recently promoted.
If I were you, I’d be on my best behavior tonight.
”
The angry spark in Vivien’s eyes deepened.
She snorted disdainfully.
“Are you threatening me?”
“Of course I’m not,” Stella said calmly.
“But let me remind you that the scene of you trying to provoke me is already on record.
”
She looked in the direction of the surveillance camera.
“If the word gets out that you are totally different from the innocent roles you portray on the screens, then I’m sure the audience rating will not be the only thing to take the hit.
” Stella smiled.
Vivien was rendered speechless.
Now that she couldn’t retort, she decided to get physical.
In a fit of pique, Vivien raised her glass and emptied its content on Stella’s body.
Stella’s mouth widened in shock.
Although she took a step back, the wine still touch her neckline and dripped down slowly.
Vivien still weren’t satisfied.
She threw the glass to the floor and raised her hand to slap Stella.
But in no time, Stella grabbed her wrist hard.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Ouch! Let go of me.
I said let go!” Vivien screamed in pain.
Stella’s grip on her wrist tightened.
She smiled and said, “Not only did you step on my dress on purpose, but you only smashed a glass here.
Don’t you think you have stepped out of line? I don’t understand why you are working harder than your enemies to ruin your own career.
Are you tired of acting?”
The last two sentences came out as a warning.
After she was done speaking, Stella let go roughly and then spun around to leave.
Vivien became even more pissed when she saw the red mark on her wrist.
Rubbing it, she threatened, “Just wait and see.
I’ll make you regret ever being born!”
Stella walked out on her, not giving a damn.
Vivien glared at her receding figure.
She found it hard to believe that a mere employee at Prosperity Group could be so arrogant.
There and then, she vowed to make sure Stella would lose her job and her reputation would get ruined.
Just as Vivien was cursing in her mind, Matthew’s voice interrupted her thoughts.
“What happened?”
Vivien immediately put on a pitiful expression.
She stretched her hand to him and showed him her bruised wrist.
###chapter23
“Look at what your PR officer did to me.
”
In Stella’s absence, Vivien felt free to spin many lies.
Save for earlier, Matthew always took her side.
Vivien was sure that the bruise would arouse his sympathy, so she continued to complain, “She was so rude to me.
She called my unprintable names and also said that my career was dead.
As if that wasn’t enough, she said that I didn’t deserve to be here.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
For good measure, she held her chest with her other hand and forced a tear.
She also managed to make her voice shaky.
Matthew glanced at Vivien with an indifferent expression.
Having known her for years, he could tell that she was only putting up an act now.
When Matthew got bored of listening to her lies, he said coldly, “You are a public figure, so you should act right in public.
Don’t cause a scene here.
Otherwise, I’ll get you thrown out.
”
Vivien’s jaw went slack.
Only moments ago, she thought that Matthew would punish Stella on her behalf.
This direct opposite response of his was like a punch to her gut.
At this time, she noticed that someone was watching them.
Her face flushed with embarrassment.
She hated Stella even more.
She gritted her teeth while cursing in her mind.
Matthew was being mean to her.
And it was all because of Stella.
“You know what? You should go home now.
I’ll ask my driver to take you,” Matthew suddenly said.
Vivien decided that if she must leave, she had better leave with him.
So, she pleaded, “Can you go with me? I don’t want to be left alone.
”
“You won’t be alone.
It’s either you allow the driver take you home or you wait here for your agent.
It’s your call.
” Matthew’s decision was loud and clear.
Vivien was embarrassed.
Through clenched jaws, she said in a low voice, “In that case, I’ll go with your driver.
”
Matthew wasted no time calling the driver over and then sent her off.
As he looked away, his mind went down memory lane to how he first came to know Vivien.
Years ago, when he wasn’t a member of the Clark family, he and his mother were poor and homeless.
The constant sufferings put a strain on his mother’s health.
She did many menial jobs, so she had the body of someone way older.
One day while he was far away from home, his mother fainted when she went out to buy food.
It was Vivien who saw her and rushed her to the hospital.
###chapter24
According to the doctor, his mother would have died if she was brought in even a minute later.
Matthew felt indebted to Vivien since then.
She saved his mother’s life, so he was extra nice to her and granted all her wishes.
His mother particularly liked Vivien.
She even hoped that they would get married.
Just to make his mother happy, Matthew had tried for some time to get close to Vivien.
That was until he was put off by her sheer arrogance.
Her arrogance shot to the roof after she made a big debut with the help of Prosperity Group.
Matthew wanted to cut her off.
But when he remembered that she was his mother’s savior, he decided to put up with her excesses.
He avoided her entirely most times.
Matthew was roaming backstage when he saw a figure out of the corner of his eye.
It was Stella.
He saw that she was frantically trying to wipe the neckline of her white dress with a wet tissue.
However, her actions did very little to get rid of the wine stains.
With his hands in his pockets, Matthew walked over to her and said indifferently, “I can’t drive under the influence, so you have to drive me home.
”
“Huh?” Stella mumbled in confusion.
Didn’t he have a driver? Why did he just ask her to drive him?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She had her reservations, but she didn’t have the audacity to say no.
She just took his car keys and followed him to the parking Lot.
Once he pointed at his car, she opened the door for him.
She had just fastened her seat belt and was about to start the ignition when a hand suddenly appeared in front of her.
The hand was holding a few pieces of tissue.
A little surprised, Stella looked down at her stained neckline before she realized what he meant.
She nodded slightly and took them.
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
“You know what? This won’t do.
It’s inappropriate for you to continue wearing a stained dress.
Let’s go get you a change of clothes.
”
Matthew’s voice was void of any emotion.
At this point, Stella couldn’t refuse.
She thanked him again and started the car.
On the way, Stella glanced at Matthew whose eyes were shut now.
She was lost in thought.
###chapter25
Unlike most rich young men, Matthew was charming and considerate.
No wonder many women wanted to be with him.
She must never fall for him.
This was strictly business.
Following her boss’s instructions, Stella drove to the nearest KlassicLuxe branch.
KlassicLuxe was one of the most popular Luxury brands in the world.
Every season, it partnered with the best designers to make some limited editions.
In Seamarsh, every one in three elites had a Luxury item from this brand.
Matthew got out of the car first.
His outfit, handsomeness, and strong aura made him stand out.
One look at him and you could tell that he was no ordinary young man.
Stella was just a PR officer.
Although she was wearing delicate makeup and had on a beautiful dress, the wine stains had ruined the neckline.
Compared to Matthew, she looked a little too shabby.
Embarrassed, Stella lowered her head slightly and followed him into the shop.
Matthew turned his head and said indifferently, “Take your pick.
”
Stella sharply raised her head.
When she saw that he was dead serious, she looked around with hesitation.
Every dress that she sighted looked like it cost an arm and a Leg.
Unwillingly, she said, “Mr.
Clark, no offense but you don’t have to buy me a dress.
I can just go-“
Her words were cut off suddenly.
“As my personal PR officer, your appearance matters a lot.
I can’t allow you to walk around looking like that,” Matthew uttered, Looking at her seriously.
He emphasized the word “personal.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
This made Stella feel some type of way.
Stella was still trying to put a name to this weird feeling when Matthew walked over to the rest area and sat down with his legs crossed leisurely.
She blinked and did as she was told.
Every dress in this shop was dazzling, to say the least.
Stella had never seen this many dresses at once.
Although she kept a straight face, she was hitting a high note of excitement in her mind.
She absolutely loved KlassicLuxe’s pieces.
However, due to how much they cost, she only bought herself dresses from this brand as a reward once in a blue moon.
This was also why she was reluctant to choose one just now.
The shop attendant had seen Matthew walk in.
But his intimidating aura filled her with fear.
###chapter26
After stealing a glance at him, she walked over to where Stella was to do her job.
“You have good taste, miss.
This is the latest and limited edition of this season.
You will look stunning in it.
”
As the shop attendant commented, she brought down the dress that Stella had been staring at.
She then led her to the fitting room.
She was so imposing that Stella didn’t get the chance to say no.
The whole time she had been working here, she hadn’t seen Matthew bring in a woman to shop.
So, she assumed that this woman must be his wife.
She had eyes on the bonus she would get.
If she closed this sale, she would achieve her sales quota for the month.
She was brimming with joy when the door of the fitting room swung open.
Stella dragged her feet with her hand covering her chest.
It wasn’t until she put this dress on that she realized it was a low-cut slip dress.
It was above her knees, so her beautiful long legs were exposed.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The dress was tight-fitting, so it accentuated her hourglass figure.
There was a mirror opposite Matthew.
His eyes widened a little when he saw Stella’s reflection in the mirror.
It was as if she changed into a different person.
Her look and temperament were way different from how they were a couple of minutes ago.
Matthew looked away and said nothing.
“Aww! You are drop-dead gorgeous!” The shop assistant fawned.
“This dress brought out your beauty, Mrs.
Clark.
”
“Oh, you are mistaken.
I’m not Mrs.
Clark,” Stella immediately corrected.
The shop attendant’s face flushed with embarrassment.
Matthew acted as if he didn’t hear their conversation.
He just set down the magazine in his hand and ordered the attendant, “Get her a suitable pair of shoes.
”
“Okay, sir!” the shop assistant replied and hurried away from the awkward situation.
Hearing this, Stella lowered her head and found that her shoes also had wine stains.
She pursed her lips and said, “Mr.
Clark, you have done enough, so the payment for the shoes is on me.
”
###chapter27
Matthew was mute for a few seconds before he said, “I’m not doing you a favor.
This is just one of the perks of being my employee.
”
With that, he went straight to the checkout counter.
Stella stared at his hard back for some time.
Afterward, she put on the shoes with the help of the assistant and finally followed Matthew out.
She continued staring at his back, lost in thought.
Caught in another world entirely, she suddenly tripped on the steps.
She sprained her ankle as soon as the sole nearly gave way.
“Ouch!” She let out a light cry.
Just when she was about to hit the ground, a big hand grabbed her arm and pulled.
A fresh fragrance mixed with the mellow smell of wine instantly enveloped her.
Stella’s heart skipped a beat.
She gently pulled out her hand from his grip and took a step back.
“Thank you.
”
Matthew’s face stayed the same.
Suddenly, his phone rang.
He took it out and swiped the green icon.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The lawyer said from the other end, “Mr.
Clark, this is concerning the divorce agreement you asked me to put together.
I need to know your wife’s name.
”
Her name…
Matthew frowned as he struggled to remember.
“I’L text you later.
” Matthew hung up the phone and called his grandmother.
Lucia answered the phone in a cheerful voice.
“Hello, Matthew.
Isn’t the anniversary banquet tonight? Why did you call me?”
“Grandma, I…” Matthew thought for a while and asked, “Can you please tell me Stella’s full name?”
“Oh, you called to talk about Stella.
” Lucia was happy.
“I will only tell you once.
Let it stick this time, okay? Your wife’s full name is Stella Anderson.
”
“What?” Matthew was shocked to the bones.
###chapter28
Stella Anderson!
How come his wife’s name was also Stella Anderson?
Was it just a coincidence?
“Yes, you heard me right.
Her name is Stella,” Lucia repeated while Matthew was in a daze.
“Why did you suddenly ask? Are you now more interested in her because you found out she’s a good woman?”
Matthew snapped out of it.
Instead of answering her question, he said, “It’s way past your bedtime, Grandma.
I’ll visit you one of these days.
For now, go to bed.
”
Without giving her a chance to speak, he hung up the phone.
Matthew turned to look at Stella who was still keeping her distance.
He figured that it must be a coincidence that his new employee shared the same name with his wife.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He had seen his wife before.
This Stella was very different from the one he married.
Same name, but different people.
Stella was exhausted by the time she returned to her apartment.
After dragging her feet to the bedroom, she jumped when she saw a figure lying in her bed.
She held her chest and took another look at the figure.
It was just her best friend, Miley Cullen.
“Hey, girl! You almost scared the shit out of me.
Why are you here?”
Stella uttered, patting her chest with a smile.
Hearing the voice, Miley sat up abruptly.
She glared at Stella and complained, “You are a bad friend, Ella.
I can’t believe you didn’t bother to come see me after you returned.
And you ask me why I am here?”
With a pout, Stella moved to the bed and explained, “I’m so sorry.
I had to work overtime since the day I got back.
I wanted to be done with my tasks so I can have fun with you without worrying.
”
Miley’s anger deflated as soon as she saw the dark circles around her friend’s eyes.
“Get in here, girl.
” She opened her arms wide.
“What sort of a boss do you have? Why is he so mean? You only just started work there, but he’s already stressing you out.
What an evil capitalist!”
###chapter29
With quickness, Stella went into gossip mode.
She gave Miley the tea on all that happened to her in the last two days.
Miley’s eyes were bulging by the time she heard everything.
“So, you are saying that your boss is two-faced.
He puts up the appearance of a loving husband, but he’s actually having an affair with a female star? And now, he wants to divorce his wife?”
Stella nodded.
“That’s about it!”
“Gosh! Men are scum.
Ella, you’ll be walking on eggshells around this two-faced boss of yours.
How about you resign and come work with me?”
Miley persuaded, holding Stella’s hand.
She patted her chest with the other and added, “I’m the best boss around here.
I promise to make sure you live comfortably.
What do you say?”
Stella smiled.
She poked Miley’s forehead playfully and teased, “We have been making sales on our online clothing store recently, right? Don’t worry.
I can look out for myself.
”
Miley pouted.
“We run the store hand-in-hand.
This is different.
”
“If you need my help at your modeling agency, just call me, okay?” uttered Stella.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley ran her own modelling agency, and it was doing very well lately.
Stella used to work there at her leisure just for some extra cash on the side.
“You still haven’t answered me.
Will you resign or not?” Miley asked.
“You are already a boss.
Why work for someone else?”
With a laugh, Stella rubbed her thumb against two fingers.
“The pay is good, girl! Do you know how much I stand to earn annually by working as Matthew’s personal PR officer?”
She drew multiple zeroes in the air.
“This much!”
Miley knew that Stella was very ambitious.
Even though Clint had been so good to her, she was still insecure having spent her early years in penury.
She was in a rat race to make lots and lots of money so she would never have to be broke again.
Miley hugged her again and said, “I just feel sorry for you.
That reminds me.
Our online clothing store is going to participate in a design competition.
If we can rank high, we’ll get to work with KlassicLuxe as a co-brand.
”
###chapter30
“Really?” Stella’s eyes lit up.
KlassicLuxe was one of the biggest brand names in the world.
As a result, it was the dream of countless designers to make co-branded clothes with them.
Stella was just at a Klassicluxe branch shop.
She had seen many wears of the season.
There and then, ideas flooded her mind.
She and Miley chatted to no end.
They didn’t fall asleep until about four o’clock in the morning.
Stella missed her morning alarm.
As a result, she only had a few minutes to get ready for work.
Miley took it upon herself to drive her just to beat time.
The Maybach pulled up in the driveway of Prosperity Group.
After saying goodbye to Miley, Stella opened the door and got out.
Many of her colleagues saw her get out of the luxury car, so they gossiped while staring at her jealously.
They didn’t have the decency to stop even when Stella got seated at her desk.
Luna walked over and said sourly, “What’s this I am hearing about you arriving to work in a shiny Maybach this morning? Who drove you?”
Stella turned a deaf hear to that.
However, Luna refused to drop it.
“Was it your husband? Or just someone who wants to date you?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella slapped a document on the desk and looked at her with a smile.
“Do you have feelings for me?”
Luna was taken aback.
When she came to her senses, she snapped, “What the hell are you talking about?”
Stella shrugged.
“If you don’t have feelings for me, why are you prying into my private life?”
Luna fanned herself with her hand as her face darkened.
Stella looked away and reminded, “Mr.
Clark told you the basic duty of a PR officer last time.
You’d better focus on working.
This isn’t a gossip ground, is it?”
All the employees who had gathered to watch the show dispersed to their desks when they heard that reminder.
No one wanted to get into Matthew’s bad books.
Luna was so angry that her face turned red.
There was a scathing retort at the tip of her tongue, but she couldn’t dare to speak when she remembered how Matthew had gotten short with her last time.
###chapter31
The rest of the morning went well for Stella.
However, Vivien made an inciting online post against her in the afternoon.
Vivien relayed an edited version of what transpired between her and Stella at the banquet the night before.
The post read, “Last night at the 30th-anniversary banquet, I was attacked by Stella Anderson.
Not only did I get injured, but her verbal threats have also put a strain on my mental health.
I couldn’t sleep because of the pain.
”
A picture was attached to the post.
It was a picture of Vivien’s bruised wrist.
At the end of the post, Vivien pretended to be generous.
“As long as Stella apologizes to me, I’ll let this slide.
”
Vivien painted herself as the innocent victim.
Many people fell for it.
Sympathetic comments flooded the comment section.
Soon, this incident became a trending topic.
There was a total of ten thousand comments in the first hour, and the number kept increasing.
Vivien’s fans sympathized with her and also gave multiple pieces of advice.
“Vivien, don’t let her off the hook no matter what.
Drag that bitch to court!”
“I think this woman has no regard for the law.
How dare she put hands on Vivien? Guys, we must find her.
”
“Sue her, Vivien! Even if she apologizes to you, don’t forgive her.
She doesn’t deserve your forgiveness.
”
“Where is the coward called Stella? Is she afraid now? Come out and apologize!”
In no time, Stella’s name was plastered on many online blogs and websites.
Her altercation made headlines because Vivien’s fans didn’t stop calling for justice.
Vivien’s fans were dangerous.
With just a snap, they were able to dig up more info about Stella.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
They were even more enraged when they found out that Stella worked for Prosperity Group.
Taking to the company’s official page, they dropped many hate comments.
“Isn’t the Prosperity Group one of the top companies in the city?
You guys boast of having high standards and only employing the best.
Does that mean you only take people’s educational background before employing them? Have you no regard for their behaviors?”
“The management of Prosperity Group needs to take a stand immediately.
Also, Stella should be fired!”
###chapter32
This comment became the most liked and most shared in a trice.
The matter blew up because of it.
Several blogs began to release negative news about Prosperity Group.
Most of them spread like wildfire.
Stella’s name was top of the list of most trend tables on different social media platforms.
While many influencers gave their takes on the issue, Stella’s colleagues gossiped in whispers.
The whispers soon graduated to loud talks accompanied by pointing.
Stella kept a straight face and said nothing.
After turning off her phone, she went straight to Matthew’s office.
If there was anyone she needed to speak with now, it was Matthew.
He seemed to have something to do with Vivien, after all.
She wanted him to make his stance clear.
Besides, since this private matter had blown up into a war against the company too, what better way to handle this than speaking with the boss himself? This company’s reputation was under fire and it needed to be curtailed.
Stella knocked on the door and entered the CEO’s office.
There were several documents in front of Matthew.
He was looking through them with rapt attention.
Fernando was standing aside with his iPad as if he came to report something.
“Mr.
Clark.
” Stella nodded slightly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She then glanced at Fernando, wondering if he had already reported the brouhaha that was going on online.
“I will explain what really happened to the public ASAP.
I’ll do everything within my power to make sure Prosperity Group doesn’t take the fall for this.
” She aired her plans.
Matthew nodded slightly.
“In that case, get on with it.
”
Strangely, he didn’t speak up for Vivien at all.
Stella had already come up with a good plan.
She bowed slightly and left in a hurry.
Upon her departure, Fernando asked in a low voice, “Sir, don’t you think we should chip in some help?”
Matthew shook his head.
###chapter33
“That PR officer is much more capable than you think.
Just let her do her thing.
”
“But Vivien.
.
Matthew suddenly raised his head as his eyes narrowed to slits.
Fernando zipped his lips immediately.
The next second, Matthew’s deep and cold voice rang out in the office.
“Vivien has stepped out of line far too many times.
It’s high time someone put her in her place.
”
Stella went straight to the manager of Prosperity International Hotel’s banquet hall.
After showing him her work ID and introducing herself, she said, “I want to get the surveillance footage of the backstage entrance dated 25th of June at about 10 o’clock.
”
Seeing that Stella was Matthew’s personal PR officer, the manager didn’t hesitate to attend to her.
He went to the monitoring room quickly.
A few minutes later, he returned and said with regret, “I’m sorry, miss.
The surveillance footage of that particular location from that night was lost due to some problems in our system.
”
This drew a frown from Stella.
Just as she had expected, Vivien had gotten here before her.
That liar obviously knew how to cover her tracks.
What better way to do so than deleting the video that could prove her wrong?
Stella asked, “Is the surveillance footage from other places still intact? And can I see them?”
This was a rather outrageous request.
The manager was reluctant, but he didn’t have the balls to offend someone so important.
He showed Stella all the surveillance videos of the banquet hall from the time she mentioned.
Taking over the U-disk, Stella said softly, “Thank you.
”
She then left in a hurry.
As Stella sat in a taxi, she inserted the U-disk in her laptop and began to watch the surveillance footage slowly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The cameras only captured other areas.
Since the backstage entrance wasn’t captured, this footage couldn’t be used to prove anything.
Just as Stella was about to slam her laptop shut, her eyes caught a glimpse of a man in the video.
He seemed to be a paparazzo as he kept recording from different angles.
Since he was standing on the second floor, his camera was aimed at the backstage entrance at some point.
This man might have captured the scene of the altercation!
After going through a long list of pressmen who were at the banquet venue that night, Stella got a lead and browsed the internet for the studio of this particular paparazzo and soon nailed him.
She quickly took a detour to the studio and met the paparazzo twenty minutes later.
Stella introduced herself briefly and cut to the chase.
###chapter34
“I saw that you happened to record a video at the back stage of Prosperity Group’s anniversary banquet.
I was wondering if you could please allow me to see it.
”
The moment Tristan Hampton heard her name, he immediately Linked her to the ongoing brouhaha on the internet.
Indeed, he had recorded everything that transpired between Vivien and Stella that night.
However, he wanted to use it to blackmail Vivien and make a lot of money.
What was in it for him if he just handed it over to Stella? Nothing!
With that in mind, he said pretentiously, “What video? I have no idea what you are talking about.
”
Although his tone was firm, his repeated blinking gave him away.
This didn’t get past Stella at all.
She did a one-sided smile and folded her arms.
“On my way here, I stumbled on your page.
As it turns out, there are many gossip videos there.
It’s strange that—”
“Shooting videos is just my hobby.
I’m not hurting anyone, so what is so wrong with that?” Tristan interrupted, getting all defensive.
He was a little scared even though he was scowling at her.
Stella tilted her head and shrugged.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Oh, you just might have hurt some people with those videos.
A great deal of them seem rather slanderous to me.
Instead of just sharing such videos, shouldn’t you have taken the time to investigate first? I can’t count how many of them were based on baseless rumors.
”
Tristan’s face fell.
“I know you don’t make much from views.
If you hand over the video I need, I’ll make sure that you are rewarded handsomely.
But if you don’t…” Stella’s tone suddenly became cold.
“You will be served a lawsuit by Prosperity Group’s attorney very soon.
Jail calls, my friend.
”
Stella gave him a toothed smile a second after.
She was a pro when it came to matters Like this.
Tristan broke out in cold sweat immediately.
His body trembled a little.
He knew he would be doomed if Prosperity Group set its Laser eyes on him.
“Oh, did I mention that if you hand the video over, I can arrange an exclusive interview for you?” Stella continued to bait him.
“As you may well know, Prosperity Group is one of the biggest, if not the biggest enterprise in the city.
Those who cooperate with us always go home smiling.
But our enemies…”
She paused on purpose.
Tristan finally caved in.
With his hand raised, he said, “I did take a video that night.
You can have it.
But can you really arrange an exclusive interview with Prosperity Group?”
###chapter35
“Of course!”
As soon as Tristan received that positive answer, he sent her the video.
Stella quickly returned to the company armed with it.
Back at her desk, she edited the video, leaving out the instances when Vivien emptied a glass of red wine on her and attempted to slap her.
She then put together the slanderous comments Vivien’s toxic fans made against Prosperity Group.
When she was done, she sent the document and video to Vivien’s agent.
Vivien’s agent handed her the phone and said, “Take a good look at the video Stella sent to me.
”
That seemingly simple action spoke Stella’s mind loud and clear.
“f@ck! That stupid bitch!” Vivien flew off the handle as soon as she saw the video.
She swept everything off her dressing table and cursed out loud.
Trembling with rage, she gritted her teeth and said, “I must f@ck that bitch up.
By the time I’m done with her, she will flee from the city!”
She blamed Stella for her misfortune.
Matthew had suddenly grown so cold that he made her a laughingstock at the banquet.
She was barely over the embarrassment.
No! Hell would freeze over first before she allowed Stella to get away with this.
Despite how enraged Vivien was, she wasn’t stupid enough to make another inciting post online.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She just put out an apology statement ten minutes after watching the video.
“It turns out I was too drunk that night and misconstrued Stella’s actions.
I’m sorry for whatever trouble I caused Stella and Prosperity Group with my first statement.
I enjoin you all to quit dragging them.
Thanks.
”
In the blink of an eye, the public opinion was reversed.
The matter was handled in less than two hours.
Stella was a PR badass.
Luna, who was enjoying the whole drama, was stunned when it ended abruptly.
Once Stella confirmed that all the negative news about Prosperity Group was scrubbed off gossip pages, she went to Matthew’s office.
“Mr.
Clark, Vivien has tendered an apology.
Also, I contacted her agent concerning the negative impact her stunt had on the company,”
Stella said unhurriedly.
“Vivien agreed to shoot ten commercials for Prosperity Group for free.
”
Matthew looked at his watch.
###chapter36
She handled it in two hours.
A look of satisfaction flashed through his eyes.
Still, he just said lightly, “Good job.
”
Hearing this, Stella was relieved.
“Thanks, Mr.
Clark.
I’ll continue to work hard and see to it that Vivien doesn’t go back on her word.
”
Matthew said nothing to that.
Stella took the cue and used the door.
The office fell into silence again.
Matthew leaned back on his swivel chair and resumed staring at his computer screen.
The statement Stella recently made on Twitter was displayed.
It read, “Things are not always as they seem.
As humans, we mustn’t jump to conclusions just by looking at the surface of something.
It’s better to dig deep and hear both sides of the story before taking sides.
I hope this serves as a lesson.
Peace.
”
Matthew’s eyes twinkled as he re-read the first line.
He pulled out the top drawer of his desk and took out the divorce agreement.
Staring at it, he was lost in thought.
Did he jump to a conclusion?
Should he meet his wife and give her the chance to explain face-to- face?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
At the close of work, Stella walked out of the company’s building, only to get a honk from a car at the gate.
It was Oliver.
She frowned and walked over.
“Why are you here?”
Oliver said honestly, “I saw the news online.
I was worried about you, so I came to pick you up myself.
Hop in.
”
Oliver’s car always drew attention.
The last thing Stella wanted now was unnecessary attention.
She opened the door and got in the car quickly.
“You okay?” Oliver asked, looking at her with worried eyes.
“Never been better.
I already solved the issue, you know,” Stella replied as she buckled up.
“That’s great!” Oliver sighed with relief as he started the ignition.
“Let’s have dinner at my place.
Juliette is cooking.
”
###chapter37
Stella smiled.
“Sounds good.
”
After they drove in silence, Oliver snapped his fingers and asked, “That reminds me, did your silly husband contact you after this big issue?”
Stella, who had been dealing with some work emails, froze at that question.
Her head remained lowered as she shook it.
“No.
”
Many days had passed, but there was still no reply from Maverick.
It was as if he completely went off the radar.
Stella felt depressed whenever she remembered him.
Sensing the change in her mood, Oliver was so unhappy that he couldn’t help complaining about Clint’s decision.
Stella had everything a man could ever want; she was beautiful, smart, and easygoing.
Why in God’s name did Clint think it wise to make her marry Maverick of all people?
Even worse, she was now tied to a man she hadn’t seen even once.
The more Oliver thought about it, the angrier he got.
However, he didn’t want to hurt Stella’s feelings more than it already was, so he comforted her softly, “Forget it.
That man is so busy that he hasn’t made out time to meet you.
There’s no way he could have seen the news online.
Don’t worry about that, okay? There are a lot of people who care about you.
”
Stella forced a smile and said nothing.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
They soon arrived home.
Juliette and Miley were already waiting.
The table was filled with several delicious dishes and they even opened a bottle of wine.
Stella was still not in a good mood.
She kept thinking about her nonchalant husband as she picked on her food.
She had a lot of wine to drink, so she soon got tipsy.
Leaning her head on Miley shoulder, she drawled, “Why has Maverick not replied my text? Why did he stand me up twice without any explanation? What does he mean?
Could it be that he doesn’t want to stay married to me anymore? If so, shouldn’t he just tell me straight-up? I have sent him several messages, but he’s ignoring them.
Who does he think he is? Is he even half as busy as my boss, Matthew? I haven’t even given Matthew this much attention.
It seems all Maverick does is work, work, and work! Since he is so busy, why did he get married in the first place? He should have remained single! Ugh! So annoying!”
Stella’s tongue was on the loose now.
Equally pissed, Miley concurred, “You are right, Ella.
Maverick is nothing! How dare he make you so sad? You know what? Forget about him.
There are many hot models in my agency.
Coupled with their dashing appearance, they are sweethearts.
There’s a long list for you to choose from.
”
Under the influence, Stella pointed and babbled, “Okay! You can’t go back on your words.
I want a man with abs.
Maverick can go to hell.
T hate…”
###chapter38
Suddenly, Stella head fell to the table and she dozed off with strands of her hair in her plate.
Oliver slung her body on his shoulder and took her to the guest bedroom.
On the way, she continued to complain about Maverick.
Oliver’s heart ached for her.
He was about to leave after tucking her in when the phone in her pocket suddenly rang.
Worried that the Loud ringtone would wake her up, Oliver took it and was about to turn it off.
But he stopped when he saw it was Maverick calling.
Oliver answered the phone angrily.
His voice wasn’t loud, but it was still fierce.
“So you finally remembered that you have a wife? The nerve of you to call her now.
Ella is the apple of my eye.
I never want any harm to come to her, but you made her suffer so much.
Oh, how I wish I could punch you in the face right now!”
Oliver’s temples hurt to the point of pain as he expressed his displeasure.
After taking a few deep breaths, he asked calmly, “When are you going to meet Stella?”
On the other side of the phone, Matthew had a sullen expression after receiving an earful.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It was already Late, but someone else picked up his wife’s phone.
A man at that! Why else would that happen if she wasn’t living with him?
To make matters worse, the man called his wife the apple of his eye.
This only meant one thing to Matthew; Stella already dumped him for another man.
With his blood boiling, Matthew finally piped up, “Tell her to get ready for a divorce.
”
In the middle of the night, Stella was awoken by a painful parch in her throat.
She needed some water.
When she opened her eyes, the first thing she saw was three figures seated at the edge of the bed.
Fear gripped her.
Her head was banging, but she managed to sit up and turn on the bedside Lamp.
Juliette, Miley and Oliver stared at her worriedly.
“What are you guys still doing here? Why didn’t you go home or go to sleep?”
Stella felt dizzy again.
She shook her head to sober up.
###chapter39
The three of them exchanged glances, but none of them said a word to her.
Confusion clouded Stella’s face.
“Guys, what’s wrong? Is there something I need to know? Out with it!”
Three pairs of shoulders fell at the same time.
The pitiful look in their eyes intensified.
At last, Miley spoke up.
“Stella…” She hesitated for a moment before saying, “Maverick said he wants to divorce you.
”
The moment she finished speaking, she lowered her head as she couldn’t bear to see Stella’s reaction to that bombshell.
“What?” Stella thought her hearing got messed up after she had too much to drink.
“What did you just say?”
Biting her lip, Miley turned to Oliver and Juliette in an unspoken gesture for them to explain.
But the couple chickened out by turning their heads away with unreadable expressions.
Miley glared at them.
Afterward, she told Stella how it all happened.
“Oliver answered the call since you were asleep.
” Miley pointed at Oliver.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Then, Maverick said you two will have to meet tomorrow evening to discuss the divorce proceedings.
As for the meet-up point, he said that will be communicated via text.
”
Stella pressed her swollen temples as she listened to all that Miley was saying.
She realized it wasn’t an illusion.
Finally, she raised her head and looked at Oliver.
“Did he say why?”
She and Matthew were yet to meet, so it was strange he wanted a divorce.
There must be a reasonable explanation for his sudden decision.
Oliver shook his head “No.
He hung up the phone as soon as he said he wanted to divorce.
”
Stella rested her banging head on the headboard.
Her temples continued to throb as she stared at the space in front of her in a daze.
Miley scuttled over and put her arm over Stella’s shoulders.
“Don’t think about it too much, Ella.
Divorce is not the end of the world.
Maverick doesn’t know he’s stupidly letting go of an excellent and charming woman.
”
###chapter40
Stella’s lips were sealed tightly.
Miley continued to comfort her, “Look at the brighter side.
Since you never saw Maverick, it will be easier for you to move on.
I’ll introduce more handsome and caring men to you once you are single again.
”
There was no expression on Stella’s face.
Miley’s heart went out to her.
She would give anything just to take away her friend’s pain.
Life had been harsh for Stella since she was little.
Her biological parents abandoned her in an orphanage when she was a child.
Their abandonment left a huge dent in Stella’s self-esteem.
When she grew up, she was extra careful not to fall in love.
She feared getting dumped by someone she opened her heart to.
Over the years, Stella lived as if she didn’t have a care in the world.
But the truth was she lived in constant fear of the unknown.
Miley felt that part of the reason why Stella agreed to marry Maverick was that she didn’t want to spend time ki*sing too many frogs.
Better to settle down than get multiple heartbreaks, right?
But she mustn’t have seen this early divorce coming.
It took Stella a while to process this.
Then, she smiled at them and said, “Guys, I’m fine.
You can go to sleep now.
”
“Are you~” Miley wanted to .
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’m fine, Miley.
I don’t have feelings for Maverick.
In fact, divorce is inevitable for a dysfunctional couple like us.
You can go to rest.
I need to go back to sleep.
I’m tired,” said Stella, forcing a smile and then yawning.
Left with no choice, the three people had to leave the room after ki*sing her goodnight.
Once alone, the smile on Stella’s face melted.
She looked at her phone and found that there was no message from Maverick.
He didn’t even bother to explain.
Stella smiled bitterly.
She lay in bed, but she couldn’t fall asleep until the crack of dawn.
It was already eight o’clock when she work up.
She was running late.
She quickly washed up and took a taxi to the company.
She sauntered down the hall of the building as soon as she got in.
Luckily, she was able to stop the elevator doors from closing with her bag.
It wasn’t until she got in that she saw Matthew and Fernando standing inside the elevator, one behind the other.
###chapter41
Her expression went stiff.
Looking at her reflection in the respective steel wall, she fixed her hair and clothes.
The three of them were alone in the elevator.
Finally, Stella had the guts to say, “Good morning.
”
After they exchanged greetings, she lowered her head and moved to a corner as if that would make them forget about her presence.
The air became more and more awkward.
To reduce the tension she was in, she took out her phone, intending to scroll through social media.
Surprisingly, there was a message waiting for her.
Maverick had texted her the address of where they would be meeting about five minutes ago.
Stella’s anger was at an all-time high because of this message.
With a deep frown, she tapped her phone screen hard as she typed two messages in a row.
“Okay!”
“Let’s meet tonight!”
As soon as she hit the send icon twice, two loud chimes broke the silence in the elevator.
The chimes came from Matthew’s pocket.
Stella’s brows instantly knitted as she tilted her head in confusion.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She looked up at Matthew and then looked down at her phone.
Was this just a coincidence?
Before Stella could figure this out, Fernando turned to her and called in a serious tone, “Stella.
”
“Uh?” Stella replied subconsciously.
She put away her phone in a hurry, straightened her back, and flashed a polite smile.
“How may I help you?”
“One of the company’s branches is currently experiencing some crisis.
We need to travel down there to solve it,” said Fernando seriously.
Stella nodded slightly and quietly waited for him to continue.
“The head of the public relations department had an accident recently and broke her arm, so she can’t come with us.
Mr.
Clark has made you her replacement for the trip,” Fernando explained, rather indifferently.
###chapter42
As soon as she heard everything, Stella went into work mode.
“What happened?” she asked cautiously.
The next second, the elevator came to a halt at the top floor.
Matthew strode out as soon as the doors opened.
Only then was Stella finally able to breathe with ease.
Matthew’s strong aura was stifling.
His silence didn’t even help matters.
The way he looked from behind was enough to stress Stella out.
Indeed, it was best to keep a safe distance from this man.
She would have to walk on eggshells if she was around him 24/7.
The thought alone scared the shit out of her.
Stella almost gave Fernando a thumbs up.
How he managed to keep his job was something she couldn’t wrap her head around.
Fernando, who had already walked out, came around and gave her a hard look after she remained in the elevator.
He said in a low voice, “Let’s have a talk in the meeting room.
”
“Okay.
” Stella snapped back to reality and followed him.
Matthew walked into his office.
Ever since that phone call last night, his face was taut.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
There was a ball of fire inside him.
Whenever he remembered his cheating wife, the ball increased in size and intensity.
Never had he been so humiliated, not even when he was yet to be accepted into the Clark family.
To make matters worse, he had to hear his wife’s name at work.
Stella Anderson!
The mention of that name reminded him of the fact that his wife made him a cuckold.
His eyes brimmed with rage so much that he felt them turn red.
Pulling his tie loose, he plopped down on his chair.
He was just about to throw his phone to the desk when he noticed two new messages on the screen.
They were from his wife.
Speak of the devil!
Matthew tapped them.
He wanted to read what she had to say.
###chapter43
The messages he saw next not only surprised him, but made him angrier.
He gripped his phone so tight that he almost crushed it.
Was that anger he sensed? She was angry?
After cheating on him, she still had the guts to get mad?
Heat ignited in Matthew’s veins.
He took off his tie completely and threw it aside.
Then, he undid the first two buttons of his shirt.
Only then did he feel a little relieved.
Matthew dialed his lawyer’s number as a bead of sweat trickled down his temple.
With a livid face, he said coldly, “I can’t make it to the meeting tonight.
As my attorney, you are free to represent me.
ALL you need to do is get that woman to sign the papers.
”
In the meeting room, Fernando and Stella were seated at a large table.
“This year’s edition of the fur fashion show held by our branch in Highwyn is fast approaching.
However, some animal rights activists have strongly kicked against it.
They are threatening to disrupt the show,” said Fernando, handing some documents to Stella.
Stella lowered her head and looked through them.
Fernando added, “Mr.
Clark said you have done a great job solving several crises, so he wants us to go down to Highwyn to deal with this issue and also see to it that the show holds as scheduled.
”
Stella nodded, his words imprinting in her mind.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
When she was done reading the documents, she raised her head and asked, “When do we leave?”
Fernando raised his hand and looked at his watch.
“Time is not on our side.
We leave this evening, so I’d advise that you go home now and pack up your stuff.
”
“Okay,” said Stella.
With her mind set on the task at hand, she completely forgot that she had an appointment already slated for this evening.
At dusk, Stella appeared at Seamarsh Airport on time.
She went to the section where she was supposed to meet with Fernando.
To her surprise, she saw a familiar figure standing beside Fernando in a distance.
Stella squinted to make sure her eyes weren’t playing tricks on her.
Why was Matthew here?
Stella felt her heartbeat increase a little.
She looked away and continued walking while dragging her suitcase along.
Matthew was wearing a black suit that was well-cut and fitting.
He also had on shiny Italian shoes.
###chapter44
His hands were in his pockets and his face was straight, so his intimidating aura was stronger than Stella had ever seen.
Although she had been working for him for only a few days, she knew one important detail about him.
Matthew was always cold and indifferent.
However, he was far from being quick-tempered.
The only time Stella had seen him lose his cool was when he confronted Henry for his lecherous actions.
Earlier today, Stella couldn’t help but notice that he looked very unhappy.
Had someone stepped on his toes again?
Stella suddenly recalled the divorce agreement she had stumbled on in Matthew’s office.
Did his sore mood have anything to do with his marriage? Was he really getting a divorce?
Stella forgot herself as she pondered.
Suddenly, Matthew coughed.
She almost jumped back in shock.
After swallowing nervously, she asked, “Why are you here, Mr.
Clark?”
The second those words rolled off her tongue, Stella toyed with the idea of just cutting it off.
Why did she ask her boss such a question?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With a blank expression, Matthew asked, “What? Can’t I be here?”
“No, I didn’t mean that.
” Stella waved her hand and forced a flattering smile.
“I just didn’t expect to see you here since you already have a lot on your plate at work.
”
Matthew’s silence and calm look caused Stella to break out in cold sweat.
Just as she was bracing up to receive an earful, Matthew turned around and went straight to the departure lounge without another word to her.
Stella slapped her chest and breathed a sigh of relief.
In the VIP lounge, Fernando went to check in their flight.
And so, Stella and Matthew were left alone in the lounge.
The atmosphere instantly became awkward.
Stella wanted to ease the atmosphere, so she started to offer him things.
“Mr.
Clark, can I pour you a cup of coffee? Would you Like to read the newspaper while you sip the coffee?” she asked softly with a hint of flattery.
Matthew turned to look at her and said coldly, “No.
”
With that, he reclined on the chair, intertwined his fingers over his belly, and then closed his eyes for a rest.
Stella breathed a sigh of relief and picked a magazine to read.
###chapter45
It was going to be a two-hour flight.
ALL the other employees who were coming along chatted to kill time.
The female colleague who was seated next to Stella suddenly nudged her and asked curiously, “I heard that you are married.
Since you are a pretty lady, is your husband very handsome?”
Stella was lost for words.
She hadn’t met Maverick before, so she had no idea what he looked like.
The colleague didn’t notice Stella’s embarrassment.
She just leaned in close and asked, “Don’t be so secretive.
You have pictures of your husband on your phone, don’t you? Can I see them?”
Stella shifted in her seat and smiled awkwardly.
“My husband is not a fan of taking pictures, so…”
“Wow, that’s so cool.
”
Stella’s toothed smile widened.
She looked at Matthew, who was sitting in front of her.
Since he seemed to be having problems in his marriage, she decided it was best not to discuss love or marriage when he was within earshot.
That could make him angrier than he already was.
The curious coworker was about to ask more questions, but Stella beat her to it by changing the topic.
“This upcoming fur fashion show…”
Actually, Stella’s worry was unnecessary.
Matthew was too preoccupied to hear their discussion.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
His head was propped against the headrest.
His brows were furrowed and his eyes were tightly shut.
Beads of sweat were all over his forehead even though the air- conditioning was on.
He had begun to feel dizzy from the moment he boarded the flight.
Matthew was claustrophobic.
He was this way because as a child, his mother tried to shield him away from getting lost or joining bad gangs.
She always Locked him up at home whenever she went to work.
Their home at the time was just a rented poorly ventilated room.
The air in there was suffocating.
Being in a confined space alone for so long did a number on him.
Nightmares and panic attacks were a thing for him at the time.
He also had negative thoughts that scared the shit out of him.
Although he was now an adult and he could ride the elevator just fine, he still couldn’t cope with being in an enclosed place for a long time.
Boarding flights were a no-no for him.
He only took them if he had no other choice.
###chapter46
Noticing what was happening, Fernando said in a low voice, “Mr.
Clark, are you sure you can hold on? Should I call for help?”
He was aware of his boss’s phobia.
He had watched Matthew take some pills before boarding the flight.
Now, it seemed they had little to no positive effect.
Matthew shook his head and answered in a hoarse voice, “I’m fine.
”
Everyone on board got off the plane as soon as it landed.
Stella was on her way out when she glanced at Matthew subconsciously.
What she saw sent her eyes bulging.
Matthew’s face was deathly pale and his lips were bloodless.
Stella bent down and asked in a low voice, “Mr.
Clark, what’s wrong?
You don’t look alright? Do you need Fernando to take you to the hospital?
She didn’t have the slightest idea what was wrong with him.
Big shots like Matthew always kept their sickness a secret just to make sure their business wasn’t affected.
However, Stella felt that Fernando must know what was happening since he was a loyal personal assistant.
Slowly, Matthew’s eyes peeled open and he said in a whisper, “It’s just a headache, nothing serious.
”
“Oh…” Stella muttered with a nod.
When she noticed that all her co -workers were already off the plane, she asked, “I have some painkillers.
Would you like to take one?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella constantly suffered splitting headaches due to work stress.
As a result, she always carried painkillers with her.
Today, she had brought along more than just painkillers.
She figured that she would have a hard time getting accustomed to this new environment, so she armed herself appropriately.
Matthew nodded.
Stella quickly took out a small bottle from her bag, took off the cap, and handed a white pill to Matthew.
Minutes after taking the medicine, Matthew felt a little relieved.
He slowly stood up and stared at her for a while.
Then, he said, “Keep your mouth shut about what happened here, okay?”
There was a hint of warning in his words.
Stella nodded quickly.
In the hotel lobby, all of them were handed key cards to their respective rooms.
“Don’t stay up late tonight.
We have a long day ahead of us tomorrow,” said Fernando, glancing at the small group.
###chapter47
“Got it,” replied the employees.
They left afterward.
To make sure everyone had their personal space and got good rest throughout the business trip, the management booked separate rooms for each employee.
It took Stella a few minutes to get settled in her room.
When she finally turned on her phone, she found out she had thirty missed calls from the same number.
She frowned and was about to return the calls when her phone rang.
It was the same number.
Stella answered the phone and asked politely, “Hello, who is this?”
“Maverick Clark’s lawyer speaking.
Why did you turn off your phone?”
The man on the other end sounded rather impatient and pissed.
Stella was taken aback for a second, but then she remembered that she was supposed to be meeting Maverick to discuss the divorce.
“Oh, my! I’m so—” Stella began, but she was cut off by the annoyed man.
“I have been waiting for hours.
It’s already nine o’clock.
When do you intend to show up?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella sneered.
The irony! Maverick had stood her up twice.
He wasn’t anxious to meet her on both occasions.
Hell, he didn’t even reply to her messages.
But now, he couldn’t wait to get the divorce over and done with.
Stella was pissed at the thought of this.
After sucking her teeth, she said boldly, “Tell Maverick that I can’t make it.
I have got my hands full, so we have to talk about the divorce some other time.
He shouldn’t bother throwing a fit.
Two can play the game.
”
After saying that, Stella hung up the phone.
The nerve of that bad guy!
He had been nothing but mean to her, so why should she do what he said?
She wanted to give him a taste of his own medicine.
Thinking of how anxious he would be, Stella felt less angry.
She Lay on the soft bed, clicked on the Twitter app, and logged into her anonymous account.
With this account, she shared some of her drawings.
It was like a secret turf where she could just be herself.
She had accumulated a lot of followers since she set up this account.
Her followers loved her even though they didn’t know her true identity.
###chapter48
Stella picked up a picture from the photo gallery on her phone and uploaded it to her account.
It expressed exactly how she was feeling at the moment.
In the presidential suite on the top floor, Matthew stood in front of the French window and stared into the night with his phone in his hand.
He had just gotten off the phone with his Lawyer who told him that his wife had failed to show up for the meeting and also expressed that she was getting back at him for standing her up in the past.
Matthew was furious.
What trick was she trying to play? Did she want him to see her ki*sing her lover in a public place yet again?
Suddenly, his phone buzzed.
Matthew lowered his head.
It was a Twitter notification.
After he became an active player in the design industry, he came across a talented anonymous designer who went by the name, Ella.
Ella was the only person he followed on Twitter.
The post notification indicated that Ella had just made a new tweet, so he quickly clicked on it.
It wasn’t a picture of a design drawing.
Instead, it was a picture of a bird looking up at the sky.
For some reason, this simple post cheered Matthew up.
He stared at the picture for a while before hitting the Like button.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He was just about to log off Twitter when he noticed something.
The location marker at the bottom of the tweet indicated that Ella was in Highwyn.
The next day, everyone who came on this business trip went to the branch company to work.
Tons of messages kept pouring into the work group chat.
After Stella read through them, she texted, “The animal rights activists have shown up.
You know the drill, everyone.
”
She took a deep breath and continued to work.
To avoid clashing with the protesting activists, Fernando led Antony, the model who was headlining the show, backstage through the backdoor.
The activists charged themselves up outside.
Armed with placards, megaphones, and noise blowers, they stormed into the venue and began to make noise.
“Say no to animal cruelty! The furs are their clothes, not yours!”
“Stop killing innocent animals! They can’t live without their furs.
Killer enterprises like this should get out of Highwyn! You are not wanted here!”
###chapter49
“Don’t buy the fur outfits.
As humans, it’s our collective responsibility to preserve wildlife.
They play an important role in our ecosystem.
Without animals, our planet will cease to exists!”
Harsh words were written with red paint on several placards.
The activists chanted and chanted.
When the exhibit began, the protesters increased their tempo.
They tried to rush to the stage and block the runway.
“Everyone, may I have your attention please?” Stella and a group of staff formed a barricade to stop the activists.
However, the protesters continued to shout, drowning her voice.
Stella tried to talk to them one by one.
More chaos broke out.
Stella was given a hard push and she fell to the floor with a thud.
A sharp pain shot to her waist and buttocks.
She hissed with a grimace.
When Matthew saw this, his face darkened.
He took a step forward.
Suddenly, Stella bolted to her feet, climbed the stage, and snatched a microphone.
Her voice echoed in every corner the next second.
“Listen up, everyone! You were invited here so we can prove something important.
I enjoin you to sheath your swords for now and watch this exhibition.
You will not be disappointed, I promise.
”
Stella was calm and collected as she stood on stage.
Her voice was sincere.
As such, there was no reason to disbelieve her.
As the security guards and other members of staff stood around the stage, the protesters finally calmed down.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A complex expression appeared on Matthew’s face as he watched Stella restore order.
She seemed to have everything under control.
‘s BunnyBookery
Once the exhibition ended, Antony was called up to the stage and he spoke while holding a fist up.
“We believe that all creatures are equal.
We frown against the immoral killing of animals just to make profit.
Every animal has a right to life…”
After Antony finished his speech, the host introduced the theme of this exhibition.
“It might interest you all to know that no animal was harmed in the making of these clothes.
In fact, the furs are made of artificial fiber that was modified after tons of experiments.
We didn’t state this before now because we wanted to leave it to mystery and then surprise everyone after the exhibition.
We are also deeply sorry for the misunderstanding caused.
”
After saying that, the host bowed to the audience.
The protesters dropped their placards on the floor one by one.
Then, a round of applause broke out from them.
“Bravo!”
In the face of their praises, Stella’s tense nerves finally relaxed.
###chapter50
She stood aside and helped guide them to look at the wears displayed.
However, when she raised her hand, she felt a dull pain in her arm.
Stella winced.
It appeared that she hit her arm on something when she was knocked down minutes ago.
Anyway, she still had work to do, so she just rubbed the aching spot and put on a smile again.
Matthew, who was standing not too far away, happened to see this.
He was so stunned by her attitude that he stared without blinking.
What an extraordinary woman!
The fashion exhibit was a success.
Exhausted from the day’s work, all the employees from Prosperity Group’s headquarters headed back to the hotel.
Stella was about to take the elevator to her floor, but Matthew stopped her.
The others didn’t find this odd.
After all, Stella was Matthew’s personal PR officer.
They just left.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella grew nervous as they stood face to face.
“Sir, is there anything else I can do for you?”
In a millisecond, she went over all that she did today.
She could beat her chest and say that she did a great job.
Looking at her arm, Matthew offered, “You are injured.
I’ll ask a doctor to attend to you.
”
“Huh?” Stella was confused.
She followed his gaze until her eyes fell on her aching arm.
When she realized what he meant, she shook her head to refuse.
But before she could speak, a doctor walked up to them with a first -aid kit.
Stella swallowed her protest and replied politely, “Thanks for being so thoughtful, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew pressed his lips and said nothing.
Stella sprained her elbow slightly.
As the doctor applied some ointment and began massaging it, Oliver’s call came through.
Tears was already brimming in Stella’s eyes.
She wanted to yelp in pain, but she couldn’t because Matthew was watching.
The sight of the caller ID sent her sadness to its peak within seconds.
###chapter51
“You won’t believe what happened to me.
I sprained my elbow and a doctor is currently massaging it.
” Stella ditched her serious tone and spoke like a spoiled child.
“It hurts so much that I want to cry.
”
Matthew’s eyes darkened.
That must be her husband on the phone seeing as she was acting so cute now.
At this moment, Matthew’s mind went to his wife.
Would she ever talk to him like this?
Matthew shook his head with self-mockery.
Why was he expecting anything of such from a woman who was cheating on him? At best, she would do it to that stupid boyfriend of hers!
Jealousy swirled in Matthew’s heart.
.
Stella wiped the tears from her eyes as soon as she got off the phone.
It wasn’t until she could see clearly that she noticed Matthew was staring at her.
Taken aback, she realized that she had just let her guard down and complained like a little girl in front of her boss.
Her ears turned red with embarrassment.
She gave a fake smile and said, “It’s late, Mr.
Clark.
I’m good now.
You must be tired, so you can go to your room to rest.
”
“Okay.
” Matthew stood up.
Before leaving, he instructed the doctor lightly, “Take good care of her and if you don’t mind, see her go up to her room once you are done.
”
Matthew had already booked the return flight to Seamarsh.
It was supposed to be the day after the exhibit.
However, a typhoon rocked Highwyn the night before.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Trees were snapped, billboards were blown off, the windows of buildings were blown off during the disaster.
The rainstorm and the strong wind showed no signs of stopping anytime soon.
Planes headed here had to make emergency landings in other cities.
All flights in and out of Highwyn were indefinitely canceled.
In the presidential suite, Fernando reported to Matthew seriously, “The airline can only put out another departure time when the typhoon is over.
For now, we have to wait.
”
Matthew stood up and walked over to the French window.
Looking at the dark rainy sky, he said, “In that case, we will stay here for two more days.
Throw a party for all the employees this evening.
”
“Okay!” Fernando nodded and left to do as he was told.
At seven o’clock in the evening, Prosperity Group employees flocked into the large private dining room one after the other.
The senior executives at the Highwyn branch also came.
Matthew was seated at the head of the table.
Absentmindedly, he stared at the red wine in his glass as he swirled it.
The cheerful atmosphere was slowly dying down, so the senior executives quickly put Stella in the spotlight.
“Stella, it’s so nice to finally meet you.
It’s said that you solved countless crises overseas in the past year.
You are amazing!”
###chapter52
“The threats from the animal rights activists had been a great source of worry to us.
If not for you, things would have ended in a disaster yesterday.
”
The senior executives were all smart.
They heard of how Stella, who had just gotten transferred to the headquarters, had a clash with Vivien-the woman whom they knew to be close to Matthew.
Word had gotten to them that Stella not only cleared the air, but also received a public apology from Vivien.
Stella had won even though the odds were against her.
It appeared that she was in Matthew’s good books.
As a result, the senior executives decided to fawn over her.
“I’m flattered, gentlemen.
” With all modesty, Stella held her chest.
“However, I can’t take all the credit for the success of the exhibit.
You all played pivotal roles.
More so, I just followed an already laid down path.
”
Stella remained down-to-earth in front of the boss.
The senior executives are happy with her response.
“You are beautiful, modest, and capable.
A real talent! Mr.
Clark knows his onions.
”
After saying a few flattering words, one of the senior managers suddenly asked, “Stella, if you don’t mind me asking… You were doing so well abroad.
Why did you suddenly decide to come to Seamarsh?”
This question drew Matthew’s attention.
He looked at Stella.
With a faint smile, Stella answered, “My husband resides in Seamarsh.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A long-distance marriage wasn’t possible, so I had to move back to be with him.
”
Her smile made it seem as if she was happily married.
But in her head, she complained bitterly.
It turned out her move was all for nothing.
Maverick was going to divorce her.
If she had known things would turn out this way, she wouldn’t have bothered coming back.
What a waste of her precious time!
Oblivious to what was going on in Stella’s mind, Matthew was reminded of his own marriage as he stared at her happy expression.
How unfair!
He felt inexplicably irritable and gulped down the wine in his glass.
The party became more and more lively as those present chatted about many things.
At a point, one of the workers at the Highwyn branch stood up and raised a toast to Stella.
“Stella, it was fun working with you on this project.
I hope we can have more of that in the future.
To Stella!”
As the others cheered with their glasses raised, someone handed Stella a glass that she couldn’t refuse.
Just as she raised the glass to her mouth, a deep male voice sounded beside her.
“Stella was injured yesterday.
She’s currently on medication, so she can’t drink.
”
###chapter53
Matthew had been so silent as if he wasn’t even present.
Now that he spoke out of the blue, everyone else was stunned.
Stella couldn’t believe her ears.
Why did he just say that? Was he concerned about her well-being?
The senior executives expressed regret while Stella was still trying to figure out the reason for Matthew’s ion.
“Oh, our bad, Stella.
We didn’t realize that you are on medication.
Tell you what? Mr.
Clark has a point.
You should have some juice instead.
” Giving no room for ion, the branch manager instructed a waiter to bring some juice.
Stella decided to stop thinking too much about the whole thing.
Although she had been in the game of solving crises for many years and celebration parties like this were pretty common, she still didn’t like drinking unless it was absolutely necessary.
Drinking too much would land people in trouble.
She cast a grateful glance at Matthew.
Late at night, the city skyline was visible from the presidential suite on the top floor of the hotel.
The lights of each building shone like stars in the dark night sky.
In front of the desk, Matthew sat reclined in the chair as he shook the glass in his hand gently.
He opened his eyes after a long time and looked at Fernando who was patiently standing in front of him.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“How is the investigation coming along?” His voice was cold.
“It has been discovered that the animal rights activists were put up to the protest by your aunt, Charlene.
I trust you already know why, sir.
”
The Clark family was one of the top families in Seamarsh.
The patriarch, Waldo Clark, had two sons and a daughter.
When his eldest son was just twenty-three years old, he accidentally fell off a cliff and died.
Waldo’s second son was Matthew’s biological father.
After he was put in control of the family’s business, he went wild.
He slept with anything on a skirt, anywhere and everywhere.
He was so reckless that he ended up getting killed by someone he should have never offended.
Due to that situation, Matthew, who was only an illegitimate son at the time, had to be brought into the Clark family as the heir.
Charlene had thought that it was her time to shine.
Unfortunately, Matthew’s appearance put a spanner in her works.
A DNA test was conducted to prove that Matthew was really a Clark.
However, Charlene wasn’t having any of it.
She intentionally made things difficult for him in the business world and even leaked that he was just an illegitimate child who had no right to inherit anything.
Things had been tense between the aunt and nephew from the very beginning.
Charlene hated his guts and felt even more threatened by him now that he was more powerful than she and her son, Jeremy.
###chapter54
ALL her efforts to surpass him the right way had proved abortive, so she decided to play dirty by setting up traps for him many times.
At the thought of this, Matthew’s eyes narrowed to slits.
He took a long sip from his glass and sneered, “Jeremy will be returning to Seamarsh very soon.
Charlene is just laying the groundwork for him.
She wants me to get into more trouble so her son will stand a chance against me when he returns.
What a joke!”
“Mr.
Clark, do you want me to warn her to back off?” Fernando asked in a low voice.
Matthew shook his head.
“No.
I don’t want her to know that I am in on to her.
Sending a warning will only alert her.
You should continue investigating and bring me the names of those on her side.
Also, investigate other things slowly and quietly.
”
As he spoke, the scene of Stella getting pushed to the ground appeared in his mind.
This sent a trace of anger to his eyes.
Charlene was getting bolder by the day.
Because of her, his employee got injured.
What was going to happen next?
Matthew’s fingers tightened around the glass.
By morning, the heavy downpour and strong winds had reduced a great deal.
However, the airline still didn’t think it was safe to fly yet.
No statement about the rescheduling of flights was made.
Matthew gave the employees another day off.
Stella felt a Little bored in her hotel room.
She drew the curtains and looked out.
It was no longer raining and the sun was shining brightly.
The weather was so comforting and the air was fresh.
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella touched her injured arm.
The sprain hadn’t worsened due to the massage she received from the doctor.
She could even move it a little more freely now.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella didn’t want this awesome weather to go to waste.
As a result, she decided to go sightseeing around Highwyn.
It was said that the city boasted of some of the most beautiful places.
Stella wanted to get some inspiration for her designs and also shop for some souvenirs for her friends.
She quickly got ready.
Fifteen minutes later, she walked out with a small camera slung over her neck.
Stella took photos of everything that caught her attention on the way.
Finally, she walked into an art gallery.
She spent hours taking pictures of the pieces she saw inside the gallery.
She almost lost track of time.
Thankfully, she realized that before it was too late and left, intending to go by the gifts.
The second she walked out, she found that it was raining cats and dogs again.
“Shucks!” Stella sighed.
“How come the weather changed so quickly?”
She looked up at the sky.
It was dark and cloudy, so it appeared this downpour was going to last for quite some time.
###chapter55
She didn’t have an umbrella with her and taxis were not stopping.
Stella stood at the door, waiting for the rain to stop.
Suddenly, a Rolls-Royce appeared out of nowhere and came to a halt in front of her.
Stella’s eyes widened when she saw the plate number.
This was the car Matthew drove around while they were on this business trip in Highwyn.
The car window was wound down slowly.
Soon, Matthew’s handsome face came into view.
He turned to look at her and commanded, “Get in.
”
What was Matthew doing here?
Stella had her doubts, but because the rain seemed to be getting heavier, she only hesitated for a second before hopping in the car.
The car started again and slipped into the road.
The two of them suffered each other’s silence for a long time.
The only thing that could be heard was their breathing.
The deafening silence made the situation a hundred times more awkward.
Stella tried to breathe lightly and looked down at her phone as if it would reduce her presence here.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew stole a glance at her through the rearview mirror.
He noticed that her clothes were wet and her curly hair clung to her cheeks in damp strands.
ALL of a sudden, Stella raised her head and met Matthew’s gaze in the rearview mirror.
Her heart skipped a beat.
The air in the car was already stifling.
Now that they locked gazes, her cheeks and ears flushed.
Why was Matthew staring at her?
While she was lost in thought, Matthew’s voice came to her ears.
“There’s a towel on the back seat.
Make use of it if you like.
”
With that, he looked away and stared right ahead of him.
“Well… Thank you.
” After faltering out her thanks, Stella stretched out her hand and took out a towel in a hurry.
It turned out he was staring because he was worried about her wetting the seat of his expensive car.
She breathed a sigh of relief and quickly wiped her hair and tried to dry her wet clothes as much as possible.
Once she was done, she couldn’t suffer the silence anymore.
She smiled awkwardly and struck up a conversation.
###chapter56
“Ahem! Mr.
Clark, why were you at the art gallery?”
“For the exhibition,” Matthew replied indifferently.
He was a lover of art.
At his leisure, he went to galleries to feed his eyes.
He didn’t expect to bump into Stella today.
Now, he kept his eyes on the road as he drove.
The conversation died down as quickly as it started.
Confused, Stella reached her brain for more ideas.
At this time, the rain became many times heavier.
Hail started falling too.
The hail hit the roof of the car and the windshield.
It became unsafe to continue driving as the road ahead gradually became less visible.
With a frown, Matthew veered off the road and pulled up in the parking lot of a shopping mall.
They made a run for the entrance of the mall for shelter.
Stella stood behind him as she tried to catch her breath.
From where she stood, she let her eyes wander on his body.
His back was straight and his side profile was without flaws.
It was as if the designer suit he had on was made for him, and him alone.
It took Stella great effort to tear her eyes off him.
After thinking for a moment, she said in a low voice, “Mr.
Clark, I’ll go in now.
You can Leave alone once the downpour becomes less heavy.
I’ll find my way to the hotel myself.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew turned his head to look at her and called her, “Stella.
”
“Yes?” Her back straightened unintentionally.
After taking a good look at her face, Matthew asked slowly, “Are you afraid of me?”
Stella’s eyes widened in surprise.
A second later, she shook her head and waved with a smile.
“No.
I just don’t want to delay you here.
You must have other things to do.
”
Of course, she was afraid of him! How could she feel comfortable around him?
Matthew went silent for a few seconds and said seriously, “That makes the two of us then.
I actually have to do some shopping, so come help me choose a gift.
”
He turned around and entered the shopping mall, tapping his chin thoughtfully.
Once he returned to Seamarsh, he had to break the news of his intended divorce to his grandmother.
She was going to fly off the handle.
He decided to get her a gift.
At least, she would be pacified and he’d walk out of there with his head still on his neck.
###chapter57
Since he had seen some of Stella’s designs when she was interviewed, he was certain she would be of great help in choosing the perfect jewelry for his grandmother.
Stella only realized that he was being dead serious when he began walking away.
She couldn’t say anything to refuse.
She sighed in her mind and followed him in.
The two arrived at a high-end jewelry store in the mall.
Judging by Matthew’s looks, the shop attendant-who could smell money from a mile away-concluded that he was a big shot.
She walked up to him and said with a smile, “Welcome, sir and ma’am.
How can I help you today?”
Looking around, Matthew said in a cold voice as usual, “I want to buy a gift for a loved one.
”
“Please, can you describe what he or she looks like?” the shop assistant asked carefully.
Matthew thought for a while and said slowly, “It’s a lady with petite figure and long brown hair.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Something came to Stella’s mind.
Did he want to buy a gift for his wife?
Weren’t they getting a divorce?
Could it be that he planned on saving his marriage?
As Stella thought about this, she tried to think of the perfect kind of jewelry that would suit someone of that description.
The shop assistant asked again, “What kind of gemstone would you Like the jewelry to be?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew parted his Lips and was about to say something.
But Stella beat him to it as she blurted, “Pearls.
”
Matthew was utterly surprised.
His grandmother loved pearls.
He was shocked that Stella could make such a spot-on guess.
Indeed, this woman had a knack for all things aesthetics.
Impressive!
Matthew looked at the shop assistant and ordered, “Let’s see every pearl jewelry you have here.
”
Stella was relieved to hear his words.
When Matthew went silent just now, she was beginning to think that she had made the wrong suggestion.
The shop assistant led them to a separate exhibition hall and turned on the special light.
The light fell on some pieces of jewelry in display glasses.
Stella’s mouth dropped as she beheld the sight.
The luster of pearls could not be compared to that of other gemstones.
They had a special and gentle shine to them.
###chapter58
The shop attendant led the way and did a brief introduction.
“Here, we sell all kinds of South Sea Pearls.
It might interest you to know that this kind of pearl is rare and valuable.
Would you like to take a look at it?”
Matthew shook his head.
The attendant led them forward and said, “This is our main exhibition hall.
There are three different colors of pearls here; white, pink, and purple.
Which of these would you like?”
Stella spoke up before Matthew could.
Pointing at a string of black pearls, she said sincerely, “Mr.
Clark, I think this one will suit your wife very well.
It’s beautiful and has a noble look to…”
Her voice trailed off all of a sudden.
This was because she noticed that Matthew’s face darkened and displeasure leaped into his eyes in a split second.
“Did I say something wrong?” she asked warily.
Matthew stared at her for a long time before saying indifferently, “My grandmother is nearly seventy years old.
She doesn’t Like black.
”
Stella’s pupils shrank.
Grandma? The loved one he talked about was actually his grandmother!
She couldn’t have been more wrong! No wonder Matthew’s mood changed in the blink of an eye.
Stella bit her tongue in regret.
After beating herself up for a while, she finally got a grip.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She scanned the display cases around and then pointed at a pearl necklace with a gradient from white to yellow.
“Mr.
Clark, each pearl on this piece is round and has a great luster.
Its style is dignified and noble, so it should be perfect for your grandmother.
What do you think?”
Matthew looked in the direction she pointed and smiled.
Catching the satisfaction in his eyes, the attendant moved over to the display glass, gestured to the necklace, and introduced, “This is from a classic series that symbolizes health and longevity, prosperity, and nobility.
It is very suitable for the elderly.
”
Matthew nodded.
“I’ll take it.
”
“Great!” The shop assistant took out the jewelry carefully and packed it up at the payment counter.
Seeing that Matthew had no intention to scold her for the wrong assumption, Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
It dawned on her that there was still a whole lot more she needed to learn about her boss.
She couldn’t afford to make such a mistake again.
###chapter59
After paying the bill, the two walked out of the jewelry store.
They were walking past a few more shops when something suddenly caught Stella’s attention.
It was a series of neckties that was in a display cabinet for men’s accessories.
Oliver was the first person to come to mind when she saw a dark green tie.
She remembered that he had a red suit.
In her mind’s eye, she pictured him matching this tie with the suit and how it gave off a high-class retro taste.
Matthew’s phone rang suddenly.
He signaled at her and halted in a corner to answer it.
Stella immediately seized the opportunity to walk into the shop.
It took less than three minutes for her to purchase the green tie.
‘s BunnyBookery
When she walked out, she saw that Matthew was done with the phone call and was waiting for her.
Surprised and embarrassed, she stuffed the small shopping bag into her handbag.
“Sorry for keeping you waiting, sir.
I thought you would be long on the phone, so I just took the time to buy a gift for a loved one.
”
Matthew nodded and looked at the men’s clothing shop, Lost in thought.
“Is there anything else you’d like to buy? If no, can we head back to the hotel now?” Stella asked for his opinion.
“Let’s go.
” Matthew walked away immediately.
Stella followed him and muttered under her breath, “Sorry, Miley…”
She couldn’t keep Matthew waiting while she shopped, so she decided to get gifts for Miley and Juliette tomorrow.
Once Stella got back to her hotel room, she shut the door behind her and threw her bag aside.
She then sprawled on the bed and stared at the ceiling without blinking.
If she had known that she would bump into Matthew today, she would have just stayed holed up in this room.
Business affairs and private runs were like chalk and cheese.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella sighed as she wished today’s incident never happened again.
Suddenly, her phone rang.
It was a video call from Oliver.
As soon as the call connected, Oliver’s face came into view and he asked, “Hey, Stella! Aren’t you done with work yet? When will you come back? I can pick you up from the airport.
”
With her phone in hand, Stella turned over and said tiredly, “Don’t you watch the news? This weather over here has been terrible.
Besides, I have to accompany Matthew to inspect the branch.
Perhaps I’ll return in two days.
”
Matthew had only informed her about the inspection on the way back.
The next second, Stella remembered how dramatic Oliver could be, so she warned, “You don’t have to pick me up.
I am serious, Oliver.
”
“Okay, okay.
” Oliver agreed.
“Remember, your health comes first.
Take good care of yourself and be careful when dealing with your boss.
”
“Okay.
” Stella rubbed between her eyebrows and then snapped her fingers.
###chapter60
“That reminds me.
Don’t tell Grandpa about my divorce yet.
I’ll do it myself.
Don’t let it slip, okay?”
The following morning, Stella and Fernando accompanied Matthew to inspect the branch company.
Like the headquarters, the branch in Highwyn was into more of advertising.
A shoot was to be held for the commercial of Rivers of Time perfume today.
Rivers of Time was the latest product launched by AromaVista Fragrances this season.
Prosperity Group didn’t work with just any brand.
Only top brands could afford to pay their endorsement fee which usually ran into eight figures a year.
This upcoming commercial drew attention unlike any other.
When the news of Matthew’s arrival reached the employees, they got their acts together with smiles on their faces.
But there was a big problem.
Although the set was ready and everyone in the production team was on ground, the model, Myrtle Deleon, hadn’t arrived yet.
Several calls were made to her, but they all went unanswered.
Even her agent wasn’t picking up.
Everyone was at a lost what to do.
There was no backup plan.
The entire plan would fall through if the model failed to show up.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It was a huge mess!
Matthew frowned and said, “Someone should keep calling Myrtle while the rest of you come up with ideas to make sure the shoot takes place today.
”
At this instruction, the staff swung into action.
Stella had no idea what was going on, so she leaned to Fernando and asked in a whisper, “Did something happen to the model?”
It was important that the shoot was done today.
Since the cooperation was between two big companies, Myrtle’s failure to appear meant that she stepped on their toes simultaneously.
Stella had a feeling that something unavoidable must have stopped Myrtle from showing up.
“I suppose so,” said Fernando with a frown.
He lowered his voice and briefly filled her in on the theme.
“Rivers of Time is not like the other products made by the same company.
It’s currently on trial and all the profits made from it will be donated to charity.
This perfume has been talked about even before production was done.
”
With an even more serious look, Fernando added, “If Myrtle fails to show up today and the shoot doesn’t hold, she won’t be the only one in trouble.
Prosperity Group will incur a great loss as we’ll have to pay for damages, leading to a dent in our reputation.
We’ve got to come up with a solution ASAP.
”
###chapter61
Stella glanced at Matthew.
There was a big frown on his face as he sat in his seat.
She thought for a while and turned to ask the person in charge if he had the contact information of famous models in Highwyn.
The advertising shoot manager quickly provided her with a list.
Moving to a corner, Stella whipped out her phone and made calls to them one by one.
The deadline she gave was too tight.
Most of the models already had a lot on their plates, so they couldn’t spare time.
By the time Stella made the last call, she was already worried.
Every backup plan that the staff came up with didn’t sound right to Matthew.
A deal silence soon fell.
The employees stood far away from Matthew, for fear of incurring his wrath.
As they were at a loss, Stella gritted her teeth and walked up to Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, after going through the shooting schedule, I realized that there aren’t many shots to be taken.
If the client doesn’t mind, I could serve as the model.
” Her voice was soft, but there was no trace of timidity.
Everyone on the set held their breaths and stared at Matthew in wait for his response.
Matthew stared at her.
Stella’s expression was calm and composed.
The suit highlighted her slender waist, and the knee-length skirt which was of the same color, set off her slender and straight legs.
The nude high heels added to her height, making her look more elegant.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Her simple outfit looked like it was worth so much more.
Under the nervous gaze of the crowd, Matthew said lightly, “The representatives of AromaVista Fragrances will be here any time soon.
I’ll try persuading them, but are you really up to the task?”
His question was serious and direct.
Stella knew that if she backed down at this point, this shoot would not happen today, and that would affect Prosperity Group’s reputation.
Having helped Miley in her modeling agency a couple of times, Stella witnessed many runway shows and also knew the ropes of modeling more than the other members of the staff.
After mulling over it carefully, Stella nodded and promised firmly, “Don’t worry.
Leave this to me.
Prosperity Group won’t get into any trouble under my watch.
”
Matthew’s gaze stayed on Stella’s determined eyes for a few seconds.
Afterward, he simply nodded and relaxed in the chair.
Everyone breathed a sigh of relief.
###chapter62
The stylist for the shoot immediately rushed over and led Stella to get changed and also get her makeup done.
The moment Stella put on the light-blue dress that was prepared for Myrtle, the stylist made her do a full spin and then clasped her hands.
“You are stunning! If I didn’t know better, I’d have said you are a model.
You could give the best models a run for their money with that figure of yours!”
Stella smiled and said nothing.
Just as they were about to walk into the dressing room, a sharp voice came from inside.
“What time is it now? Why isn’t Myrtle here yet? I don’t work like this! I’ve stayed in this industry for many years and worked with countless stars and models, and this is the first time someone is wasting my precious time.
If she doesn’t show up in the next ten minutes, I’m out!”
When the door of the dressing room was pushed open, Megan Wallace, the makeup artist, didn’t miss a beat.
She asked bluntly, “Is Myrtle coming or not? Tell me what’s going on!”
“Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Something came up, so Myrtle can’t show up.
But we found another model.
” The stylist smiled and moved away to reveal the model in question.
Megan’s eyes lit up the second she saw Stella.
She bolted to her feet and looked at Stella from head to toe.
“Wonderful!” The frown on her face disappeared.
Now, her eyes were glittering with appreciation.
The strapless light-blue dress exposed Stella’s delicate collarbone.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It also hugged the curves of her slim body.
There were handmade flowers sewn on the dress.
The fabric was soft and light.
When Stella walked, the pair of silver heels she had on showed a little.
Stella already looked fabulous even though she had no makeup on.
It was unimaginable how she would look when makeup was applied and her hair was styled appropriately.
Megan was itching to work on this masterpiece.
A range of color combinations of makeup flashed in her mind.
She wanted to try all of them on Stella’s face.
They would suit her perfectly!
Megan snapped her fingers sassily and praised, “What a rare beauty!
Where did you find her? Miss, you should give me your number later.
I’m willing to do your makeup many times in the future.
”
“I’m sorry; there will be no need for that.
I’m not a model.
Just filling in temporarily,” Stella said modestly.
“Thanks for the offer and compliment.
”
###chapter63
Megan looked a little disappointed, but she pulled herself together.
“Oh, it’s such a shame.
You have the face of a muse every makeup artist wishes for; so angular and flawless.
It will be fun to apply makeup on your face.
”
As Megan spoke, she unlocked her large makeup box and got busy.
Thirty minutes later, Stella showed up on set and turned many heads.
Stella’s skin was flawless, and her eyes were attractive.
Her eyelashes were long and thick, and her nose bridge was high.
Now that she had makeup on, her features were highlighted, and she was as beautiful as a fairy queen.
The staff members gasped with their eyes widened in awe.
“Whoa! She’s so beautiful that I could have mistaken her for a professional model!”
Praises came from all corners.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew couldn’t help taking a second look at her.
At this time, the photographer ran over and led her into the studio.
Only then did Matthew blink and look away.
Since Stella had modeled for Miley in the past, she was a natural in front of the camera.
The photographer commented repeatedly, “Nice pose! You are killing it, Stella.
Just like a professional model.
”
Stella smiled without saying anything.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The shoot was completed without any hiccups.
Every staff member was super grateful to Stella.
As the photographer looked at the pictures on his monitor, he commented again, “Stella, you are so photogenic.
A real natural.
The use of leaves in the shoot is also perfect.
Good job!”
The chief representative of AromaVista Fragrances nodded in agreement as he glanced at the photos.
“The photos are really good.
”
He then turned to Matthew and said, “You have good taste.
The model you chose is perfect.
Tell you what.
We’ll work with you on more projects in the future.
”
Matthew just nodded slightly.
His eyes followed Stella not far away.
Suddenly, a trace of displeasure appeared on his face.
Stella was surrounded by the rest of the representatives from AromaVista Fragrances.
They were all pushing their phones to her, demanding her phone number.
“Stella, can I have your private phone number? If that’s inconvenient, your agent’s number will do.
I’d like to give you a call just in case there’s another project.
”
“Stella, which modeling agency are you signed to?
###chapter64
Stella looked at their faces nervously.
She didn’t know how to answer their questions or refuse their requests.
When she was at a loss, a hand grabbed her wrist and pulled her out of the crowd.
Matthew frowned at all of them as he said firmly, “She’s mine.
”
Jaws dropped and eyes widened at Matthew’s words.
No one here had ever witnessed him defend a woman in public.
Since Matthew kept his private Life away from the public eye, no one knew what his wife looked like or if she was even real.
Some people even began to speculate that he lied just to make women get off his back.
Was Stella really just a private PR? Or was there something else going on they didn’t know about?
Stella raised her head and looked at Matthew’s cold side profile.
She was taken aback by his words.
Her heart was beating so hard that she was afraid it would burst her chest open.
Did she hear him right?
Matthew just said she was his?
Why would he say that in public?
What did he mean by that?
Matthew turned a blind eye to the people’s shocked stares.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Expressionless, he reiterated, “Stella is an employee of Prosperity Group.
”
At his words, everyone heaved a sigh of relief.
It turned out he meant she was his employee.
Fernando stepped forward and added, “If you want to cooperate with Prosperity Group, give me a call.
”
He took out a dozen business cards and handed them to those present one by one.
Stella’s tense nerves relaxed and her heartbeat slowed down.
She felt her face burn with embarrassment as she realized that Matthew was only trying to help her just now.
Gosh! How could she have thought otherwise?
Matthew was her boss!
Why did she even think for a second that he had feelings for her?
What was wrong with her?
###chapter65
In the evening, the chief representative of AromaVista Fragrances treated Matthew and the others to dinner.
A man of Matthew’s status wasn’t obligated to share drinks with others at a gathering like this.
But tonight, he willingly had a lot to drink.
Fernando stepped in to help drink a few glasses.
Nonetheless, Stella could tell that he was already tipsy.
During the second half of the dinner, Fernando rubbed his eyes and asked Stella, “Stella, you have a driver’s license, right? Drive Mr.
Clark back to the hotel first.
”
Stella nodded and said, “Okay.
”
With the help of a waiter, she managed to get Matthew into the car.
She then started the car and drove slowly.
Although Stella got a driver’s license three years ago, she seldom drove.
Driving in Highwyn was so new to her.
More so, it was late and her boss was in the back seat.
She was so nervous that her palms were sweaty.
Her eyes were on the road until she came to a red light.
Stella looked at Matthew through the rearview mirror, only to find that he was frowning as if he was in pain.
Stella asked in a hurry, “Mr.
Clark, are you okay? Do you feel like throwing up?”
Matthew shook his head slowly with his face still squeezed in a frown.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
This made Stella even more worried.
“How about I take you to the hospital instead?”
Matthew finally opened his eyes and said with difficulty, “No need to go to the hospital.
I just have a stomachache.
There’s medicine for it in my hotel room.
”
“Okay, just hang on.
We’ll get there soon,” Stella replied.
She knew exactly why Matthew kicked against going to the hospital.
As a public figure, he always had eyes on him.
If he was rushed to the hospital at this late hour, he would make tomorrow’s headlines and the news would affect the company’s stocks.
The traffic lights soon turned green.
Without wasting time, Stella stepped on the gas.
Matthew cautioned her in a low voice, “Don’t drive too fast or you’re going to get us killed.
”
In the underground parking lot of the hotel, the Bentley pulled up.
###chapter66
Stella opened the backseat door and said, “Mr.
Clark, we are here.
Wake up.
”
Matthew slowly opened his droopy eyes, glanced at her, and put one hand on her shoulder.
Since he was drunk, in pain and couldn’t stand on his own, his weight almost knocked Stella off her feet.
With one hand holding his arm and the other on his waist, Stella tried her best to help him get into the elevator.
She was sweating when she succeeded in doing that.
The elevator took them straight to the top floor.
By the time they got into the presidential suite, Stella was out of breath and sweating more profusely.
She stood by the bed and rubbed her elbow gently.
She was feeling a dull pain after straining her arm just to get Matthew here.
Staring at Matthew, who was lying on the bed with his eyes closed and face pale, she sighed deeply.
He didn’t look good at all.
“Mr.
Clark, where is the medicine?” she asked softly.
Matthew pointed at the nightstand weakly.
Stella found the medicine after opening the first drawer.
Quickly, she poured a glass of water and knelt with one knee on the edge of the bed.
“Sir, here’s the medicine.
Please take it so you will feel better.
”
Matthew didn’t stir or open his eyes at her words.
She called him a few more times, but still got nothing.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
There were beads of sweat on his forehead now.
His eyes were tightly shut and his eyebrows were knitted.
It seemed as if he was having a nightmare.
Stella’s eyes flashed.
Left with no choice, she dissolved the pill in the water, helped Matthew up, and tried forcing the mixture into his mouth carefully.
“Wake up.
You need to drink this.
”
Matthew’s face tightened further.
His eyes remained shut, but his mouth opened up.
Stella was a little relieved as she poured the mixture into his mouth.
Afterward, she watched as color slowly returned to his face.
Stella carefully set the glass on the nightstand and took a few pieces of tissue to wipe the sweat on his face.
When she was done, she put a pillow under his head and tucked him in bed.
###chapter67
She was just about to leave when she heard him whisper, “Why don’t you agree to the divorce?”
Stella stopped dead in her tracks.
Her eyes widened as if she had just received the greatest shocker of her life.
She already suspected there was a reason why Matthew was drinking too much.
But it never occurred to her that it was because of his wife.
Stella didn’t move an inch.
She just stared at the door as she waited for him to fall asleep.
Just as she was in a daze, Matthew muttered, “You are already dating another man.
Why are you still reluctant to divorce me?”
Another man?
Matthew’s wife cheated on him?
Stella was stunned.
It took her a good minute of standing frozen with her mouth open before she got over the shock.
Now, she realized that Matthew wasn’t happily married as Luna had claimed.
‘s BunnyBookery
His situation reminded Stella of hers.
She was also going through a divorce.
For the first time since she met Matthew, she felt connected to him since they had something in common.
She sighed as sympathy brewed in her heart.
As much as she wanted to console Matthew, she couldn’t stay here any longer.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He was in a drunken state, so she suspected he would continue slipping up in her presence.
She was scared of what would happen if after he came to his senses, only to find that she knew all his secrets.
She began turning around slowly to check if he was drifting to sleep now, intending to leave afterward.
“Ahem…” A hard cough came from behind.
Matthew stirred to his side and the quilt almost fell to the floor.
Stella rushed over and tried covering him with the quilt again.
Just as she was about to withdraw her hand, Matthew turned over abruptly and pressed her hand with his body.
Although horrified, Stella froze and held her breath so as not to wake him up.
Her back soon began to ache in this position.
She thought for a while and sat on the floor carefully.
Fortunately, the presidential suite wasn’t as simply equipped as her hotel room.
Here, a soft rug was on the floor which made it warm.
###chapter68
Stella decided to wait until Matthew turned to the other side again.
Then, she could withdraw her arm.
But as time went by, she grew a little nervous.
She had never been alone with a man.
It was even weirder because Matthew was her boss.
Stella looked at his face.
He looked like a big baby as he slept so peacefully.
What a contrast to the cold man she knew!
It was fascinating to watch him sleep.
Although Stella made numerous guesses in her head, she couldn’t figure out why his wife cheated on him.
This man was every woman’s dream.
What did his wife’s boyfriend possibly have that Matthew didn’t?
As Stella pondered about this over and over, she soon dozed off while resting her head on the edge of the bed.
It wasn’t until Matthew felt thirsty in the middle of the night that he finally woke up.
‘s BunnyBookery
The very first thing he saw after opening his eyes was the woman sleeping by his bed.
Something flashed in his eyes, ousting the coldness that had been dwelling in them.
Stella was sleeping like a baby.
Her face was flushed and her lips weren’t pursed as usual.
She looked so gentle now.
A curl of her hair was over her forehead and the tip rested on her sharp nose.
Stella’s eyelashes were so thick as if they were straight out of a painting.
Matthew couldn’t help gawking.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
At this moment, a strange feeling that he had never felt before emanated from the deepest part of his heart.
He reached out to brush the curl away from her face.
The second his hand was close to her face, Stella’s eyes flew open and she caught him in the act.
Their eyes met a second later.
Stella drew a sharp breath as she pulled back subconsciously.
She frowned in pain the next second.
Her limbs had fallen asleep.
As a result, she felt an electric sensation in them at this moment.
Matthew noticed her discomfort.
“Are you okay?” he asked, withdrawing his hand.
“No.
My arm is numb since it was pressed down for a long time,”
Stella replied honestly, rolling the wrist to increase the blood flow.
###chapter69
She painstakingly stood up.
Seeing this, Matthew tried to sit up.
Before he could utter another word, Stella waved and added, “Don’t worry about me.
This is nothing serious.
It’s late, so I’d better get going.
Go back to sleep.
Goodnight.
”
With that, Stella spun around and made for the door.
Matthew stared at her back, lost in thought for a long time.
He didn’t look away until the door was closed gently.
Mixed feelings battled in his heart when he looked away.
Had he stepped out of line just now?
The next day, Stella got out of bed at the crack of dawn.
She didn’t have a good sleep last night, so there were bags under her eyes.
Her sleep had been plagued with a weird dream.
The dream was a mess.
Sometimes, she saw Matthew’s face, and other times, she saw Maverick’s back.
She shook her head and walked to the restaurant to have breakfast.
She spotted Matthew unexpectedly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He was sitting upright at a table as he casually ate.
He looked noble and relaxed.
Thinking of what happened last night, Stella slid her foot to the side, intending to leave.
But Matthew suddenly raised his head in her direction.
She made eye contact with him.
Since it would be awkward to just run off, Stella clenched her fists and walked up to him with a fake smile.
“Good morning, Mr.
Clark.
How are you feeling now?”
Matthew replied indifferently, “Much better.
”
Stella nodded.
She didn’t know what else to do or say, so she just pretended to look around.
Everyone lodged in the hotel was entitled to eat from the buffet in the restaurant.
When she saw a waiter putting some fresh bread into the glass shelf, she said, “I’ll go get some bread.
Have a good meal.
”
With that, she turned around and was about to walk away when Fernando suddenly appeared out of nowhere.
###chapter70
“Stella.
Did you take Mr.
Clark to his suite last night?” Fernando asked with concern.
Hearing this, Stella rolled her eyes inwardly.
This man just poked a sensitive spot!
She was trying so hard to forget what happened, but here Fernando was, reminding her of it.
The urge to frown at him was strong.
However, she flashed an even faker smile and uttered, “Don’t you think that’s unnecessary now?
After all, Mr.
Clark is seated here, hale and hearty.
”
A rare trace of embarrassment appeared on Fernando’s face.
He scratched the back of his head and said, “I’m sorry.
I must have had too much to drink last night, so I’m still hung over.
”
Stella just pursed her lips at that.
There was a thick cloud of embarrassment hovering over them.
Matthew cleared his throat and said casually, “We have been in Highwyn for a few days.
Let’s round up with everything today and go back to Seamarsh tomorrow.
”
Stella’s joy knew no bounds when she heard that.
She clasped her hands and turned to him.
“Sir, what would you like me to do for you today?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The past few days made her realize something.
Working at the office was much better than going on a business trip where she had to see Matthew almost throughout the day.
She was gradually becoming overwhelmed by all this.
Besides, she missed her cousin and friends very much.
Matthew couldn’t help frowning when he sensed the joy and enthusiasm in her tone.
He looked up and muttered, “Let’s eat first.
”
“Huh?” Stella couldn’t believe her ears.
Did he say that for real?
Ignoring her shocked look, Matthew looked at Fernando and ordered, “She wants to eat bread.
Go bring her some.
”
It was Fernando’s turn to be shocked.
His eyes widened as he pointed at himself, trying to confirm if that order was directed at him or someone he couldn’t see.
Matthew had already lowered his head, so he saw nothing.
Fernando looked at Stella and then at his boss in utter confusion.
###chapter71
Was there something that these two weren’t telling him? What transpired between them?
In the years he had been working for Matthew, his boss never ordered him to serve him.
He seemed to love doing things himself.
What changed now?
Confused as Fernando was, he still went to get the bread for Stella.
Stella was flattered.
She looked at Matthew in panic and touched her wrist.
Why was he treating her this way? Was it because she complained about her arm being numb last night?
Stella found her way to the branch company after breakfast.
Today, she mainly assisted the public relations department in the branch to check if there are any loopholes in the contract with AromaVista Fragrances.
Stella was moving at a strange speed this morning.
What usually took her two hours, she did for thirty minutes today.
Perhaps the thought of going home very soon turned her into a machine.
During lunch break, Stella remembered there was a famous milk tea shop she had spotted nearby.
She wanted to give it a try since she was leaving tomorrow.
There was a queue in front.
As she was looking around while waiting in line, she saw a poster that read, “Buy Two, Get One Free.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It would be nice to take advantage of this opportunity.
She would drink one and give one to Fernando.
But who would the last one go to?
Stella was entangled.
How about giving it to Matthew?
Did he even like milk tea? He seemed more like a black coffee type of person, right?
Stella found herself at the front of the line even before she could make a decision.
“Miss, what would you like to have? We have an activity today.
Buy two and get one free,” the barista said with a smile, pointing at the sign.
Stella instantly made up her mind.
“I’ll go for that then.
”
She reasoned that if Matthew turned it down, she would just have to drink two cups.
After spending about thirty minutes in the cafe, Stella finally walked out with three cups of milk tea.
She was all smiles as she returned to the company.
There were only a couple of minutes left before the break ended.
###chapter72
Matthew also had a private office here.
Stella went up and knocked on the door.
She then walked in, only to see that Matthew was on seat but busy.
There were a few documents in front of him.
His eyes were focused on one, making him look noble and cold.
Stella held up the cardboard carrier and asked with a smile, “Mr.
Clark, I bought three cups of milk tea.
Would you like one? There are three flavors.
Make your choice.
”
Matthew raised his head when he heard this.
Just when he frowned and was about to say no, the door was pushed open and Fernando walked in.
Fernando saw the milk tea brand in Stella’s hand and said casually, “I have been seeing this milk tea everywhere.
It seems to be in high demand around here.
I heard there’s always a long queue at the shop.
”
“So, you know it!” Stella was a little surprised.
Until now, she thought all Fernando cared about was work, and more work.
Fernando nodded.
“I bought three cups of it.
Would you like one?” After that question, Stella chuckled and joked, “Life is already so bitter.
We need something sweet for a change.
”
Surprisingly, Fernando’s lips curved up in a bright smile.
“You can say that again!” he said, pointing at a cup.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Can I have the lemon flavor?”
“Sure!” Stella reached to take out the one in question, but a male voice suddenly sounded in the office.
“I want the one with lemon flavor.
”
Stella and Fernando exchanged confused looks and then looked at their boss in unison.
Matthew was flipping through the documents as if he hadn’t said anything odd just now.
The situation became a little awkward.
Fernando smiled uneasily and took it upon himself to let it go.
“Let him have the lemon flavor.
I’m good with any.
”
When Stella stood frozen, Fernando took out the lemon-flavored milk tea cup.
Matthew hated sweet foods, didn’t he?
Since when did his taste change?
Fernando couldn’t figure it out, so he decided to wave it aside.
###chapter73
Stella sat on a chair with a cup of milk tea in her hand.
She put the straw in and took a big sip.
With her eyes closed, she sighed.
“Hmm! This is so delicious.
No wonder it sells like hot cakes!”
After saying that, she whipped out her mobile phone, took a photo of milk tea, and sent it to Miley.
She made a voice note afterward.
“Honey, I wish I could share this with you.
It’s literally the best I have ever tasted.
When we take a trip to Highwyn one of these days, I’ll make sure you taste it.
”
When she was done sending the voice note, she picked up her cup and took an even bigger sip.
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw that Matthew’s eyes were on her.
Stella immediately sat up straight.
She glanced at the cup which was still exactly where Fernando left it.
“Mr.
Clark, why don’t you take a sip? You’ll enjoy it; trust me.
”
Matthew glanced at his watch and then looked at her.
“Lunch break should be over now, right?”
Stella was taken aback.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She bolted to her feet and said, “Sorry, sir.
I’ll get back to work now.
Carry on.
”
She ran out with the speed of lighting the next second.
For the next thirty minutes, Fernando reported the work progress from this morning and dropped a few more documents before leaving.
Matthew was left alone once again.
After pinching the space between his eyebrows for a while, his eyes fell on the cup of milk tea again.
His earlier words made him reach out for it.
He took a few sips.
Once he tasted it, his face twisted in a frown.
He moved the cup away from his lips and stared at the content with disgust.
It was just too sweet, but Stella liked it so much.
So much that she took a picture of it and sent it to her husband.
She raved about its taste as if it was something so special.
Why would she like something extremely sweet? Was her life really bitter as she said earlier?
###chapter74
In Seamarsh, a car pulled up in front of a villa in the suburbs.
Vivien got out of the car.
Staring at the magnificent building, she took off her sunglasses and smiled slowly.
This was where Matthew’s mother, Amara Moran, lived.
Amara preferred solitude to the busy city life.
As a result, Matthew bought this villa in a quiet area just for her.
With shopping bags in hands, her assistant asked, “This is a lot.
Don’t you need me to take them in?”
Vivien dropped the sunglasses into her handbag and glared at him.
“No.
”
With that, she took over the bags and went into the villa.
Amara had just finished having lunch when Vivien walked in with several shopping bags in hands.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Good afternoon, Amara.
” Vivien greeted her warmly with a sweet smile.
With a faint smile, Amara wagged her finger and complained pretentiously, “Bad girl, so you finally came to see me.
I thought you forgot about me.
”
“Never that.
I’ve just been tied up with work.
I’m sorry for coming late.
” Vivien flashed her a smile, raised the shopping bags in her hands, and added coquettishly, “Look what I got you!”
The shopping bags contained all kinds of female items she had ordered people to buy.
They ranged from designer clothes to limited edition bags, as well as the latest cosmetics and perfume this season.
“You already made my day by visiting me.
And yet, you brought all these for me? Aww!” Amara held her chest as if she felt touched and undeserving.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Vivien flashed her an even brighter smile and said with feigned modesty, “It’s what I should do.
Besides, there’s something I’d Like to speak to you about today.
”
“What’s the matter?” Holding her hand gently, Amara ushered her to sit.
“You are like a daughter to me.
If you are experiencing any difficulties, don’t hesitate to tell me.
Even if helping you is beyond my power, I’ll get Matthew to do it.
”
“Actually, this is about Matthew.
” For a while, Vivien fiddled with her fingers before continuing, “Can you help me inquire about his marriage? But don’t tell him I put you up to it.
Let this be our little secret.
”
Amara looked at her in confusion.
Biting her lip, Vivien put on a sincere expression and said, “You once told me that Matthew got married, but it has been a long time and I still haven’t seen his wife.
She didn’t even show up to support Matthew for the 30th anniversary of Prosperity Group.
That’s very odd.
I’m worried about Matthew, so I want to know if all is well in his marriage.
”
Amara was a smart woman.
She could tell what Vivien really had in mind.
For years, she knew that this young woman had feelings for her son.
Honestly, she had wanted to advise Matthew against getting married.
###chapter75
But she had no say in the Clark family.
She preferred Vivien to someone she had never met.
Amara patted Vivien’s hand and comforted her, “Matthew and his wife aren’t like the normal couple.
They are as good as strangers.
In fact, after they got married, his wife went abroad.
I recently heard that Matthew wants to divorce her.
”
“Really?” Vivien exclaimed in surprise.
Realizing that she overreacted, she immediately restrained her smile and toned down her voice again.
“Matthew must be going through a hard time now.
I don’t wish that he gets divorced.
I just want him to be happy.
” She tried to wriggle out of this awkward situation.
But Amara just smiled as if it didn’t get to her at all.
She promised, “Don’t worry.
Just know that I have always got your back.
ALL you have to do is call for my help.
”
“Aww!” Vivien’s eyes brimmed with gratitude.
She threw herself into Amara’s arms and said, “That’s so nice of you.
I’m so glad I have you in my corner.
”
Amara patted her head with a smile.
Vivien pulled away and lowered her head again.
She looked like a child who had done something terribly wrong.
“What’s wrong? Is there anything else you want to tell me?”
“I… I pissed Matthew off a few days ago.
It appears he doesn’t want to have anything to do with me again,” said Vivien, pouting with her eyes a little misty.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Amara was taken aback.
After thinking about it, she said comfortingly, “Don’t think Like that.
Matthew must be busy working.
You have to be understanding.
Once he lets off steam, he will come around.
Have you suddenly forgotten how he has been treating you nicely for years? How could he be mad at you to the extent of severing ties?”
“But…” Vivien wanted to explain that things were different this time.
But Amara put her index finger against her Lips and then said, “You know what? If it makes you feel any better, I’ll set up a dinner between you two so you can talk things out, okay?”
Vivien nodded.
“That would be great.
Thank you.
”
Vivien chatted with Amara at length.
It wasn’t until it was past twelve that she finally ki*sed the older woman goodbye and walked out.
The second Vivien got into the car, she pulled off her obedient mask without even trying.
Her lips curved up in a sinister smile and her eyes had vicious sparks in them.
She kicked the back of the driver’s seat rudely and ordered her assistant, “Remind me.
I’d have to model for Prosperity Group ten times for free, right? Let’s get on with it.
I need to move closer to Matthew ASAP.
”
Early the next day, Stella and the others were finally able to board a flight heading back to Seamarsh.
###chapter76
Stella texted Miley the touchdown time of the flight as she sat in the plane, waiting for takeoff.
Miley’s response came almost immediately.
However, she was complaining.
“Why did your boss think it was a good idea to book such an early flight for you guys? Has he no human feelings? And today of all days after I stayed up all night? I need to catch some sleep.
”
Stella quickly explained, “Come on, girl.
You know I should have returned to Seamarsh before now.
We have important businesses to attend to there, so…”
“What an evil capitalist!” Miley scolded, but soon got to the point.
“You know what? Catch some sleep during the flight.
I’ll be at the airport early to pick you up.
”
Stella was about to reply with an OK when another message came in.
“Just a heads-up.
A big surprise will be waiting for you when you arrive,” Miley added.
Stella was familiar with her friend’s game.
This message instantly got her worried.
She texted a warning.
“Mind what you do, Miley.
Remember that I won’t be alone.
My boss and colleagues are with me.
Don’t embarrass me, please.
”
She got no response many seconds after hitting send.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Instead of becoming more worried, Stella just deduced that Miley had gone to sleep.
She decided not to text her anymore in order not to disturb her sleep.
She took out her laptop, intending to make a report of the work she did here in Highwyn.
Stella worked diligently for the next few minutes.
When she was done, she reclined in her seat and dozed off.
There was no turbulence in the air.
Out of the corner of his eye, Matthew saw that Stella was hugging herself and her eyes were shut tightly.
She seemed rather uncomfortable.
He frowned and looked at the air conditioner closest to her subconsciously.
Just as an air hostess walked over, Matthew signaled to her and requested in a low voice, “Please bring her a blanket.
”
The air hostess nodded.
“Okay, sir.
”
Stella was unaware of what happened.
She slept soundly until the first Landing announcement.
As Stella sat up, she noticed the blanket on her body.
###chapter77
Without thinking too much, she felt that the cabin crew of this flight knew how to do their jobs far too well.
She assumed that an air hostess put this on her without being asked to.
She stretched and put away her laptop.
The plane touched down at the airport thirty minutes later.
Everyone checked out their luggage and walked out of the airport one after the other.
Just as Matthew was about to ask Fernando to take Stella home in a taxi, he heard a loud squeal of surprise.
“Oh my God! Stella, is that handsome man your husband? It Looks like he’s here to pick you up.
Aww! So romantic!”
All heads turned in the direction the squealer was looking at.
Not too far away, a handsome and tall man was standing with a placard that had the inscription that read, “Welcome back home, Stella!”
“What a handsome husband you have got, Stella! He looks like a model straight out of Vogue.
Whoa! You must be so happy to return home to that.
”
Stella’s female coworkers whistled as they commented and stared at Stella with envy.
Contrary to what was expected of her, Stella was utterly embarrassed.
She immediately deduced that this was the surprise Miley spoke about.
This didn’t bring joy but shock to her.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
More and more comments were coming from her colleagues and people were looking at her, so she quickly said to Matthew, “I’ll get going now, Mr.
Clark.
Bye!”
With that, she ran as fast as her legs could carry her.
In the eyes of the onlookers, she was just a wife who couldn’t wait to meet her romantic husband.
“Stella is so lucky.
She was away for only a few days, but her husband came here to pick her up.
What a cute couple they make!”
“Indeed, absence makes the heart grow fonder.
”
“No wonder Stella made sure she was transferred to Seamarsh.
If I had such a hunk for a husband, there’s no way I’ll be able to stay away from him.
Hell, I’ll be by his side 24/7.
”
Stella’s female coworkers continued to gossip in her absence.
Fernando sighed and chipped in, “As a man, I have to agree that he’s so handsome.
”
With a darkened face, Matthew said to his assistant, “Couldn’t you have just stayed quiet? Who asked for your opinion?”
He got in the car after that.
Fernando stood still in a daze.
What was wrong with Matthew? Was he mad?
###chapter78
He didn’t say anything wrong, did he?
After Stella ran up to the man, she stood with one hand on her waist and asked seriously, “Did Miley send you here? Where is she?”
The man, who was wearing black sunglasses, smiled at her charmingly.
“Hello, Stella.
My name is Perry Byrd.
Nice to meet you.
She needed to take a rest, so she asked me to pick you up here.
” His voice was magnetic and pleasant.
“Are you surprised?” He waved the placard in his hand.
When Stella noticed the awkward stares passers-by were giving them, she felt extremely embarrassed.
She palmed her forehead and then waved.
“Please put that away now.
”
“Sorry, I can’t.
She said that I mustn’t put this away until you get into the car,” Perry said seriously, pointing at a vehicle close by.
Stella sighed helplessly and slipped into the passenger seat.
As soon as she buckled up, she called Miley.
“You agreed that you would come pick me up at the airport? Where are you?” Stella asked.
She took a look at Perry, who was doing away with the placard, and asked in a low voice, “What’s this guy’s deal? Why did-”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Oh, Perry is the surprise I told you about.
” Miley chuckled.
“He’s the youngest model signed to my agency.
You’re about to be single, aren’t you? Remember you agreed that I introduce you to some models?
What do you think of Perry? He’s your type, isn’t he? If not, I can get you someone different.
Or better still—”
“Enough!” Stella cut her off, unable to take her outrageous suggestions and questions anymore.
“I was drunk, Miley.
How could you take the words of a drunk woman seriously? Don’t mess around again.
I can’t handle such embarrassment a second time, okay?”
Miley laughed again.
“Okay, okay.
My hands are up.
Anyway, I’m currently at Pearl Hotel.
You two should come over here quickly.
I’ll treat you to a meal.
”
Having slept through most of the flight, Stella was yet to eat anything today.
This invitation dispelled her annoyance in no time.
However, she still thought it wise to say seriously, “I’ll let this slide this time.
If you pull such a stunt on me again, we are done.
”
Miley nodded.
“Noted, ma’am.
Don’t keep me waiting for too long.
”
###chapter79
In a luxury car somewhere in Seamarsh, Fernando was behind the wheel as he peeked at Matthew through the rearview mirror from time to time.
Matthew’s face was void of any emotion and his eyes were shut.
Even so, Fernando could feel his gloom and cold aura.
Suddenly, Matthew’s eyes flew open.
They immediately made eye contact.
Fernando’s heart skipped a beat.
After returning his gaze to the road, he regained his composure.
“Mr.
Clark, do you need me to do something for you?” he asked tentatively.
Matthew thought for a while and said in a low voice, “Drive to the company.
”
“Okay!” Fernando answered and stepped on the gas.
As soon as Matthew entered the office, he picked up the receiver of the landline and called for the Lawyer to come up.
The lawyer knocked on the door and came in a couple of minutes later.
“Mr.
Clark.
”
“How is the divorce proceedings going?” Matthew asked coldly without raising his head even once.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The lawyer replied, “I’m afraid that I haven’t been able to reach her since that night.
It appears she blacklisted my number.
”
Matthew’s face darkened.
He shot his lawyer a murderous glare.
The lawyer flinched and looked away in fear.
Before he could defend himself, Matthew barked, “Loser! Get out of my office!”
The lawyer instantly looked horrified.
“Yes… Mr.
Clark,” he answered in a trembling voice and darted out as if someone was chasing him.
Leaning back in his chair, Matthew stared blankly as the ice in his eyes increased and his face hardened even further.
He was shocked to learn that his wife was so audacious.
How could she stall the divorce process even though she cheated on him?
Matthew sneered.
He decided to see her and talk about the divorce.
###chapter80
He wanted to see if she would have the balls to give him any silly excuse face-to-face.
At Pearl Hotel, Stella and Perry met Miley in the VIP room.
Miley was waiting for them.
Miley had chosen an exclusive room with an aquatic theme.
In this room, different species of fish could be seen by the visitors as if they were actually in the marine world.
Immediately she entered the room, Stella was intrigued by the marvelous view.
She could not help but stare in awe.
“Well pleased?” Miley asked, raising her eyebrows with a look of triumph.
Stella nodded.
“I mean, you did spend quite a large sum.
”
“I’m glad you like it.
Forget about the price.
” Pinching her face, Miley asked, “The business trip seems to have taken a lot out of you for you to lose so much weight in only a few days.
What happened over there? Your boss didn’t let you eat?”
“You’re exaggerating.
I’m probably not used to the weather there,”
Stella said while touching her face.
As if on cue, the waiter came in to serve the food.
“I ordered every single one of your favorite dishes.
Make sure to eat a lot later and gain back all the weight you lost,” Miley said, taking Stella’s hand to help her sit.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella smiled gratefully.
“Would you be interested in eating with us?” Miley asked Perry as she was about to overfill herself with delicious snacks.
“No, thank you.
I’m good.
” Swiftly waving his hand, Perry refused.
“I’ll get back to work, I wouldn’t want to disturb you two.
”
Stella’s phone began to ring.
She got a message from Maverick.
A frown formed on her face as she checked it.
The message contained a short note.
“Are you in Seamarsh? I’ll see you at Pearl Hotel by noon so we can discuss the divorce.
”
His message was without preamble.
His indifference was evident.
Stella could no longer eat, her appetite had been lost.
“Are you okay?” asked Miley, noticing the depressed look on Stella’s face and having a worried look on hers.
###chapter81
“Your boss asked you to work again?”
“I got a message from Maverick,” Stella said, handing over the phone to Miley.
“Isn’t this shithead getting a divorce? The hell is he sending you a message for?” Miley asked angrily, taking the phone from her.
Once done with the text, she pounded the table and stood extremely furious.
“ALL right! I would most definitely love to see what this shithead is going to do, since he’s in such a hurry to get divorced!
Pearl Hotel, huh? Such a coincidence!”
An idea popped up in her head when she saw Perry with his tall and strong build.
“Perry, you’re going to stay here and do me a favor.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Confusion flooded his face, but he didn’t make any ions.
With Stella’s phone still in hand, Miley replied with an OK to Maverick.
Still feeling the intense need to vent all her anger, Miley began to rant.
“Why would your grandpa pick such a scumbag for you? You guys have been married for a whole year, but haven’t even met in person!
And now he’s asking for a divorce? What an asshole! He has to be the most incompetent loser on the planet.
”
Miley carried on with her tirade.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“How lucky that we’re already at Pearl Hotel.
We won’t let him get away with this.
He wants to meet you, right? You are going to take Perry along with you to piss him the hell off!”
Perry was well aware of the whole situation too.
He was in total agreement.
“Miley’s right.
He’s probably trying to divorce you because he’s keeping a mistress.
Don’t let this get you down.
I’ll help you get back at him!”
Stella had no interest in any of it, so she just let the two talk.
It was 12 o’clock and there was still no message from Maverick.
Stella eventually texted him, not being able to wait any longer.
“Where are you? I’ll come meet you.
”
The message was delivered, yet there was no response.
Stella made the decision to head out first.
Linking her arm with his, Perry followed her closely.
###chapter82
Seeing her confused look, he smiled and said, “We have to act everything out perfectly.
Your husband could be hiding somewhere just to keep an eye on you.
”
“Yes! Perry is right,” Miley said, rushing them out.
Stella could do nothing but smile helplessly.
She did not put up a fight, knowing they were doing all this for her sake.
They both left the room, and in two steps, Stella saw Matthew walking their way.
He had a cold face and an aggressive demeanor that was rather intimidating.
Stella was dazed.
Stella pursed her lips.
What a bad luck to meet her boss here!
Despite her complaining thought, she couldn’t pretend not to see him.
Stella took in a deep breath, pulled her arm away from Perry’s, and then walked up to Matthew with a frozen smile.
“Fancy meeting you here, Mr.
Clark!”
Matthew remained silent.
He just looked at Stella and Perry coldly.
Was this man really her husband?
The same one who caused quite a stir at the airport with his looks and gesture?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Without giving a damn about how Matthew was Looking at him, Perry put his arm over Stella’s shoulders and stretched out his right hand.
“Hello, my name is Perry Byrd.
”
There was a hint of disdain on Matthew’s face as he glanced at the hand with no intention of shaking it.
Seeing this, Stella pushed Perry’s hand down and changed the topic with an awkward smile.
“Why are you here, Mr.
Clark? Did you come for a meal?”
“No.
I just attended to some important business and need to leave now,” Matthew replied.
“You two can carry on.
”
With that, he walked past Stella and left.
Stella’s felt the tension on her melt instantly.
###chapter83
She patted her chest and breathed a sigh of relief.
“Was that your boss? He is so handsome that I’d have mistaken him for a model!” Perry sighed.
Stella didn’t get the time to reply to his statement as her phone buzzed.
She took it out, only to find a message from Maverick.
“Something just came up.
I can’t meet you today.
Let’s talk some other day.
”
Within seconds, her face darkened and her eyes narrowed at the message.
She had a sneaky suspicion that Maverick was getting back at her for standing him up a few days ago.
How petty!
At this moment, the very last piece of good impression Stella had of Maverick disappeared into thin air.
She thought for a while and replied angrily, “How typical! Luckily for me, I didn’t bother coming out.
”
Perry, who noticed her frown, moved closer and asked, “What did your husband say?”
“Nothing,” Stella replied sourly.
She put away her phone, flipped her hair back, and ditched her frown.
“He won’t be coming today.
You can leave now.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“But…”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella was so done dealing with him or anyone else, so she breathed hard before saying, “I’m having a meal with Miley.
If you wish to join us, just come along instead of asking too many questions.
”
Without waiting for a response, she walked straight to the private dining room.
In the private room, Miley was surprised that Stella returned so soon.
“How did it go? What does Maverick look like? Did he tell you why he wants a divorce? Give me the tea, girl!”
Stella rubbed her temples and said, “Don’t even get me started.
Can you believe that he texted me saying that he can’t make it anymore?”
Hearing this, Miley slammed her glass on the table and flared up.
“Does that jerk have a screw loose or something? Why does he take some much pleasure in standing you up? Enough is enough, Stella.
You have to sign that divorce papers today.
Give me your phone.
I need to speak to that jerk!”
“Forget it.
There’s no love between us and we don’t even know each other, so divorce is going to happen either way.
Let’s just eat first,” Stella said calmly, pulled out a chair and sat down.
“I’m so famished that I could eat a horse.
My energy level is so low.
”
She forked a chunk of meat and stuffed it into her mouth.
Sensing that Stella didn’t want to dwell on this topic, Miley decided to drop it.
She just had dinner with her in silence.
###chapter84
“Oh! By the way, have you got any ideas for our entry for the KlassicLuxe design competition?”
Hearing this, Stella put down her fork and said, “Thank goodness you mentioned it.
Highwyn was such an awesome place.
While walking around, I got some inspiration.
I’ll put them to paper in a few days.
”
Miley nodded and then snapped her fingers as if she just got a good idea.
“How about you move in with me? The competition is just around the corner.
Since we are always busy with work during the day, we only have time to discuss at night.
If we live together, we’ll get more time to rub minds together and come up with new ideas.
Also, I want to be with you as much as I can.
”
She reached over and held Stella’s hand while looking at her with puppy eyes.
Stella lowered her head to give it a thought.
Since she returned to Seamarsh, she had been Living in Oliver’s home.
Oliver and Juliette were good to her, but she couldn’t help feeling a little uncomfortable around them.
They were passionate lovers who needed their space.
After mulling over it carefully, Stella raised her head and agreed.
“I’ll move in with you in two days.
By that time, I’ll be done with the work task at hand.
”
“Okay! Just call me when you are ready.
I’ll help you move.
”
It was past eleven o’clock in the evening before Matthew got off work.
Sitting in the back seat, he leaned back and closed his tired eyes.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Earlier, he had gone to speak to his so-called wife about the divorce and get it over and done with.
But the moment he stepped into the private dining room, he received a call from Fernando, saying that a big investor had shown up unannounced and wanted to see him.
The investor was a man named Louis Perkins.
For the longest time, Prosperity Group had been trying to set up a meeting with him, but all efforts proved abortive.
It appeared Louis finally noticed their perseverance and decided to give them some of his time before his next itinerary.
This was such a golden opportunity that Matthew couldn’t help rushing over, abandoning his personal affair for later.
The car pulled up in Prosper Bay thirty minutes later.
As soon as Matthew got out of the car, he saw an uninvited guest standing at his front door.
It was Vivien.
He frowned.
Vivien ran over with her arms opened wide.
“Matthew, you are finally back!”
She sounded like a doting wife who was happy that her husband was back.
###chapter85
She tried to hug him, but Matthew ducked with a disgusted expression.
Vivien’s arms froze in the air.
Matthew stepped back and glanced at her coldly.
“What are you doing here?” he asked in an unfriendly tone.
Vivien dropped her arms and smiled again.
She held up the lunch box and said, “I heard you were returning today, so I asked your mother to teach me how to make your favorite food.
You must be hungry, right?”
The gloom on Matthew’s face deepened.
He shook his head disappointedly and warned sternly, “Stop going to see my mother.
”
He knew how his mother was.
Despite facing a lot of hardships for more than half her life, Amara was still a softie.
He feared that she would fall for Vivien’s sweet words and acting.
A long time ago, Amara forced him to go on a date with Vivien.
It took only one date for him to realize that he couldn’t be with a woman like Vivien.
They didn’t even click at all.
From that day, he classified who she was to him.
She was an acquaintance because she saved his mother, and nothing else.
Seeing that Matthew was staring daggers at her, Vivien pouted and said with feigned remorse, “Matthew, I know I was out of line last time.
My anger got the best of me.
It wasn’t until later on that I realized what I had done.
I’m sorry for acting so irrationally.
Can you let it go, okay?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew remained silent.
Vivien shimmied like a spoiled child and continued, “I know you only just got back, but I have been waiting here for hours.
Since I already apologized sincerely, can you forgive me, please? I promise I won’t do that again.
”
Matthew rubbed his temples before looking at Vivien with a calm expression.
“Let me make this clear for the last time, Vivien.
I’m super grateful that you saved my mother’s life.
For that, I’ll do anything I can to help you, but that’s about it.
Don’t show up in front of me if you have nothing to discuss about work.
You know the paparazzi are thirsty.
If they take pictures of us together, it will cause unnecessary issues.
”
“Matthew, I-“
“Take the food with you.
I don’t want it.
”
Without giving her a listening ear further, Matthew shouldered past her and walked into his house.
Vivien felt as if a sharp knife had just been driven into her heart.
Her body shook and her breathing became shaky.
She stared at the closed door as if Matthew had just shut his heart to her again.
Still unwilling to give up, Vivien clenched the lunch box.
###chapter86
She had swallowed her pride and apologized to him just now.
How could he push her away yet again?
Couldn’t he see the good in her? Did he think she was nothing but a monster?
In that case, she would show him how a monster really behaved.
Vivien called an entertainment tabloid reporter.
“Game on,” she ordered coldly.
Early the following morning, Stella was awoken by a phone call.
“Get down to the company right now!” Fernando ordered as soon as she answered the call.
Sleep disappeared from Stella’s eyes instantly.
After jumping out of bed, she threw on some clothes and took a taxi to the company.
On the way, Stella checked the employees’ group chat.
It was after going through the messages she got hints as to what was happening.
She went online and searched for the trending news of the day.
A big bombshell had been dropped online in the middle of the night.
The news of Matthew’s marriage and upcoming divorce was causing a stir online.
It made the headlines of many online tabloids and even papers.
Worry lines appeared on Stella’s face and her shoulders slouched when she saw the trending news.
This was no small matter.
Some big partners in the business were family-oriented.
They loved to work with people who were either married or had a strong support system.
Now that the news of Matthew’s divorce had gotten out, it would not only make some partners step back from cooperating, but also affect how people viewed the company.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
When Stella arrived at the company, she saw that the PR department was already trying to solve the problem.
In the CEO’s office, Matthew had been boiling with rage since he saw the news.
With a deep frown, he looked up at Fernando and ordered, “Make this go away right now!”
Fernando got right to it.
He dished out orders to the several departments in the company.
All departments got right to work.
The information department began deleting the posts and gossip online one by one while the legal department sent a warning to the tabloid that reported the news first.
However, these actions were barely scratching the surface.
The problem was still there.
To make this go away, they needed to uproot the root cause and stop other media outlets from reporting it.
The phones in the PR department were ringing off the hook.
Several partners were calling to inquire about the authenticity of the news.
###chapter87
Luna and the others had their hands full.
It took everything in them not to tear their hair out.
“Sir, you know tabloids lie all the time.
Mr.
Clark is not getting a divorce.
”
“What divorce? Mr.
Clark’s marriage is actually waxing stronger than ever.
It might interest you to know that Mrs.
Clark got back to Seamarsh recently and he went to pick her up himself.
They are happy.
”
“Don’t worry.
We’ll clear this up very soon.
Don’t listen to naysayers.
This won’t have any negative effect on our cooperation.
”
Sitting at her desk, Stella’s eyes were fixed on her computer screen as she typed extremely fast.
When she was done typing, she printed out the edited document.
She put together some other documents and went to Matthew’s office.
At this time, Matthew was still seated in his swivel chair as he lowered his head and pressed his temples hard with both hands.
Stella couldn’t see his facial expression, but she could tell that he was utterly disturbed by what was going on.
“Mr.
Clark.
” She called him softly.
Hearing this, Matthew raised his head.
His eyes were bloodshot and the bags were a little puffy.
It was obvious he hadn’t had a good night’s sleep.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew rubbed his forehead and asked in a hoarse voice, “What’s the matter.
”
“In light of the current brouhaha online, I have come up with two possible solutions to turn this in your favor.
It’s left for you to choose.
” Stella went straight to the point.
Matthew raised his hand to signal her to go on.
“Since your divorce is currently the topic of discussion, you could quell the rumor by inviting your wife over.
Once the public sees that you two are on good terms and you still love each other, they would have a rethink.
Actions speak louder than words.
I believe doing this will be much more effective than putting out a statement,”
Stella said confidently.
Despite how simple this seemed, Matthew rejected it without giving it a thought.
“That’s out of it.
Come up with something else,” he said coldly.
His tone was so final in a way that left no room for negotiation.
Stella was slightly stunned.
But the next second, she realized why he declined.
Matthew wanted to get a divorce because his wife had cheated on him.
How could an egoistic man like him accept to put up a show with his cheating wife?
Stella continued, “There’s another way.
An annual charity auction is about to start here in Seamarsh.
The number one item for the night is the Star of Eden.
”
###chapter88
Matthew listened quietly without any expression.
“The Star of Eden is one of the greatest symbols of undying love.
If you buy it at the auction and make it seem like you got it for your wife, the gossip will disappear in no time.
Also, the PR department will show the public how deeply in love you and your wife are.
”
As Stella spoke, she couldn’t help remembering the night Matthew got drunk and talked about his marriage unintentionally.
It appeared that he had feelings for his wife.
However, he couldn’t get over the fact that she cheated on him.
It was rather strange that such secret information found its way to the media.
Did Mrs.
Clark leak it herself?
If so, Matthew must be going through a lot now even though he looked like had it all together.
“Just do as you say.
”
Matthew’s indifferent voice jarred Stella from her world of thoughts.
“Okay,” Stella replied in a hurry.
With one hand under his chin, Matthew added, “I don’t care how much money Prosperity Group will spend.
Just give me a satisfactory answer.
”
Stella nodded.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She pursed her lips, hesitated for a moment, and then asked, “Mr.
Clark, may I know your wife’s name?”
Matthew’s eyes narrowed.
From the look in his eyes, Stella could immediately tell that she had said something wrong.
She looked at the floor and scrambled to explain, “It might be used when we give our public statements.
”
“You have no business knowing her name,” Matthew responded coldly, looking away.
Stella knew better than to ask any more questions.
“Alright,” she said, leaving the office.
Immediately she shut the door, Matthew’s phone began to ring.
Seeing his grandmother’s caller ID on the screen, he felt completely helpless.
He already knew why she was calling.
With a sigh, he answered.
“Grandma.
###chapter89
“Explain to me why that news is all over the internet.
Did you already forget what I told you last time? What were you thinking, Matthew? You said you were going to think things through and have a chat with Stella, did you not? So this is the result of your talk?”
Lucia scolded.
“Grandma, you need to calm down please.
Helplessness filled his voice.
“Calm down, you say? I have been calm! And if I continue to be, I won’t have a granddaughter-in-law anymore!” she said sternly, not giving any room for argument.
“I just want the truth, Matthew.
Do you really want a divorce?”
“I do.
My mind is made up.
” His tone was determined.
Lucia’s heart was torn apart.
“You really get on my nerves, Matthew!
Oh God… My stunning granddaughter-in-Law… My future great-grandson…
You’re ruining everything…”
“I beg of you, Grandma.
My mind has been made up already.
I would really appreciate it if you could just respect my decision…” This time Matthew wasn’t compromising.
He let a few seconds pass before adding, “And maybe that’s what she wants too.
”
“What?” Lucia questioned.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew had no will to tell the truth.
He slowly answered, “I got you a gift in Highwyn, Grandma.
I will come to meet you when it’s all sorted out.
Just stop worrying.
”
“I have no interest in your gift.
All I want is—”
“I have to hang up, Grandma, I have a lot of things to do…”
Matthew interrupted, not allowing her to finish.
“You should rest.
It’s still very early.
”
He immediately hung up.
Lucia stared at the phone in disbelief and sighed.
She was powerless.
That evening, in Seamarsh, public opinion had been reversed once more.
The Facebook page of Prosperity Group explained the news with a statement.
“Last night, a rumor about the divorce of our CEO, Matthew Clark, spread like wildfire.
It is nothing more than a fake report.
Their relationship is very stable.
Mr.
Clark established a charity foundation in her name.
He also spent five hundred million on the auction and proceeded to purchase the Star of Eden as a gift for Mrs.
Clark.
Mrs.
Clark tends to keep a low profile, so I hope everyone doesn’t pay much attention to their private life.
”
###chapter90
Being the youngest and most promising president, Matthew attracted a lot of attention.
Countless people left comments immediately after the official statement was issued.
“Star of Eden is the necklace that symbolizes happy love, right? Mr.
Clark is such a romantic!”
“So the mysterious auctioneer is Mr.
Clark! The richer he is, the more inconspicuous he becomes.
I’m extremely jealous of their love.
He spent five hundred million dollars just to buy her a gift.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“He is one of a kind.
The only man on the whole Earth who has it all.
He is romantic, good-looking, and rich.
Mrs.
Clark is so lucky.
”
Opinions about Matthew shifted rapidly.
He became a good man in the eyes of the people.
Finally, after receiving numerous calls, the public relations department quieted down.
Stella checked the comments online, and finally felt relieved.
Immediately work hours were over, she went down to Matthew’s office and said, “I will be taking the day off tomorrow, Mr.
Clark.
”
The crisis that rocked Prosperity Group as a result of Matthew’s divorce news had been solved.
Also, since the air was cleared, people were gradually shifting to discuss other things online.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella checked her schedule and saw that she had no urgent task lined up.
As a result, she decided to move into Miley’s apartment quickly.
Matthew agreed to her request without asking too many questions and added, “For a job well done, you will get a special bonus at the end of this month.
I’ll have Fernando tell you exactly how much it will be.
”
The moment Stella heard this, the exhaustion she was feeling after dealing with the crisis overnight faded away in an instant.
Her face lit up with a smile.
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
I will continue to bring my A-game!”
Overjoyed, Stella couldn’t help thinking of what she would buy with the bonus.
Matthew remained silent.
He just stared at Stella quietly.
This woman always looked so serious when working, but whenever she was talking to her husband, she transformed into a lovely girl.
This was the first time he was seeing her smile so happily.
How could she be so overjoyed just because of a small amount of money?
An imperceptible smile tugged at the corners of Matthew’s Lips as he continued staring with glittering eyes.
After work, Stella went home to pack up her belongings.
She only just got back to Seamarsh, so she didn’t have a lot of things.
It was pretty easy for her to sort the stuff out.
###chapter91
“Ella, do you really have to move out? Don’t you like it here?”
Oliver held one of her unzipped suitcases in protest.
Stella smiled.
“I love it here, but I’m a third wheel.
You and Juliette need your space.
I don’t want to disturb you.
”
“What makes you think Miley’s apartment will be better? I can buy you the apartment next door so we can live as neighbors.
What do you say?” Oliver continued to apply pressure.
“No.
” Stella refused without thinking.
“Miley’s place is comfortable enough as far as I know.
Besides, we both have something important to work on.
I’m an adult, so I can take care of myself.
Don’t worry.
Once I clear off my schedule, let’s go see Grandpa together, okay?”
As she spoke, she pushed his hand away from the suitcase, put the rest of her things, and zipped it up.
Oliver picked up the suitcase for her and said with a slight frown, “Concerning Maverick, I have helped you stall Grandpa.
Don’t worry about what to tell him now.
Just let fate take its course.
”
At the mention of her husband’s name, Stella was lost in thought for a while.
She shook her head and chuckled.
“I had no intention to worry about it.
I came back to Seamarsh to make our marriage work.
But since he won’t give me the chance, I’ll live my life like he doesn’t exist.
Using force is not the way to go.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella looked so carefree.
However, she knew that she would have to explain things to her grandfather when the time came.
It sure wasn’t going to be easy for the old man to accept the news.
Stella sighed at the thought.
If she knew that this marriage was going to turn out this way, she wouldn’t have agreed to it in the first place no matter how her grandfather had persuaded her.
Her agreement landed her into this big mess she was in.
The following day, Miley came to pick Stella up with her car.
Oliver and Juliette went out to see her off.
“Ella, remember that this will always be your home.
You are free to return at any time.
I’ll welcome you with open arms,” said Juliette in a sad tone, holding Stella’s hand after hugging her tightly.
Oliver chimed in, “If the going ever gets tough for you, do not hesitate to give me a call.
I’ll show up wherever you are to pick you up right away.
”
Stella was touched by their kind words.
###chapter92
On the other hand, Miley was dissatisfied.
“Come on, guys! You speak as if I’m going to be an evil stepmother to her.
Ella, don’t Listen to them.
You’ll enjoy living with me.
”
With that, she pouted at the couple and pulled Stella into the car.
Stella waved them goodbye until the car zoomed off.
On the way, she asked curiously, “Where exactly do you live now?”
Last year, while she was still abroad, Miley told her she moved to a new place.
“You’ll find out when we arrive,” Miley replied mysteriously.
When the car drove into Prosper Bay, Stella was shocked.
“Girl, you live here? We were only apart for a year, but you became a wealthy woman.
If I had known about this earlier, I’d have moved in here straight from the airport.
This is wonderful!”
Prosper Bay wasn’t like the other highbrow areas in Seamarsh.
It was a one-of-a-kind villa district.
Only the rich and influential lived here.
With modesty, Miley waved and said, “It’s nothing extraordinary, Ella.
My home is just a two-story building.
It’s the cheapest around here, and I just got lucky.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After driving down the estate for a while, they soon arrived at their destination.
The two friends moved the suitcases into the villa.
As soon as they walked in, Miley was ashamed of how messy it was.
“I have been so busy lately and the cleaner hasn’t had the time to clean it.
How about you go out and take a stroll while I fix the place up real quick?” she said as she picked up the clothes on the sofa.
“Let’s do it together,” Stella uttered, reaching out for the vase of withered flowers on the table.
Miley slapped her hand away playfully.
Then, she pushed her out and said, “This is your first time here.
I can’t allow you to clean up my mess.
Just give me thirty minutes.
Go for a walk so you can get familiar with the neighborhood.
”
Stella had no choice but to nod in agreement.
She looked at her watch and decided not to go too far.
She just wandered a stone’s throw away.
Prosper Bay lived up to its name as the home of wealthy folks.
It had many public amenities such as a vast golf course.
The surroundings were extremely spacious with blue sky and white clouds.
In the distance, there were trees of different levels.
From time to time, the sound of birds chirping could be heard.
Standing here alone was enough to make people forget about their worries.
It was like heaven.
At this time, there was a man playing golf on the course.
He had on white sportswear, sneakers, and a hat.
With the golf club in his hand, he positioned himself carefully, lifted the club over his head, and swung it.
Stella could feel how masculine he was just by staring at his hard back.
###chapter93
She couldn’t help but stop and stare.
Suddenly, the man turned in her direction.
They made eye contact.
Stella’s eyes widened instantly.
Matthew?
Why was her boss here?
Stella didn’t expect to meet her boss when she was on leave.
Since Matthew already saw her, she had to greet him.
After bracing up, she stepped forward and greeted, “We meet again, Mr.
Clark.
Are you here to play golf?”
Stella bit her lower lip after saying that.
Of course, he was here to play golf.
Her silly question just made the situation more awkward.
With an expressionless face, Matthew asked indifferently, “Why are you here?”
“I just moved into the neighborhood today,” Stella replied.
Matthew raised his eyebrows in surprise.
Prosper Bay was one of the most expensive estates in Seamarsh.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As her boss, he knew that what she earned couldn’t be enough for her to afford a villa in this place.
She must be married to a wealthy man.
That explained why she moved in here.
He looked at her with his deep-set eyes.
Stella was about to say goodbye when two men walked over.
She had met Neville at the anniversary ceremony last time, so she recognized him at a glance.
But this was the first time she was seeing the other man.
He was wearing a black shirt and suit pants.
He had a handsome appearance and deep-set eyes.
Judging by his appearance, Stella reasoned he must be in the same class as Matthew.
The man smiled at Stella and said, “Hello, my name is Cordell Foster.
”
Stella smiled and said, “Hello, my name is Stella Anderson.
I work for Mr.
Clark.
”
Rubbing his palms together, Neville glanced at Stella up and down and said in a casual tone, “I couldn’t see clearly from a distance just now.
I thought it was someone else.
Turns out it was you, Matthew’s beautiful PR personnel.
”
###chapter94
He slapped Matthew’s arm playfully and squinted at him.
“What’s up, mate? Why did you bring your employee here? Is she your new sweetheart?”
Neville deliberately stressed the last two words.
Blushing, Stella waved her hand and denied, “You are wrong.
He didn’t bring me here.
I just bumped into him.
”
“Hmm.
.
.
Interesting!” Neville rubbed his chin as his eyes continued to narrow on Matthew.
Matthew gave him the stink eye.
“Shut up, will you?”
Laughing, Neville raised his hands and took a step back.
He then looked at Stella.
“Since you are here, how about you take a few swings with us before leaving?”
“Oh, I’m sorry.
I don’t know how to play,” Stella declined with a polite smile.
“It doesn’t matter.
I can teach you.
”
His voluntary offer took her by surprise.
Her eyebrows were raised as she stared at him and tried to come up with the perfect way to refuse his offer.
Suddenly, Neville added, “Since I suck at this, you should let Matthew teach you.
He is so good that he once won a championship.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He smiled awkwardly.
Although Matthew hadn’t said a word in the last minute, the glare he gave Neville when he offered to teach Stella was enough to make Neville weak in the knees.
He was trying to get out of trouble now.
Stella glanced at Matthew.
Since he didn’t refuse, she agreed.
She said with a smile, “Please show me how it’s done, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew picked up the club and walked behind Stella.
Stella immediately straightened her back.
When she was a child, she had witnessed her grandfather okay golf several times, so she knew the basics.
Matthew held her waist with one hand from behind and held the golf club in her hand with the other.
His warm palm made Stella nervous.
There was barely any space between them.
They could feel each other’s breaths.
At this time, Stella’s heart began to thump so hard she feared it would jump out of her chest.
###chapter95
She knew that he couldn’t teach her how to play another way, but she couldn’t help feeling overwhelmed as his breath fanned her neck.
She held her breath.
The second her body stiffened, a deep voice wafted into her ears.
“Bring your legs together, slightly tilt your left leg outward, and shift your weight to your left foot.
”
He taught her without being distracted.
Stella’s face was burning up.
She tried to calm down and listen to his instructions.
Shortly after, she swung the club.
The white ball drew an arc in the air and then landed perfectly.
“Nice shot!” Matthew commented as he let go of her waist.
Beads of sweat suddenly appeared on Stella’s nose.
She wiped them with the back of her hand and said with a smile, “You are a great teacher.
”
Matthew didn’t say anything to that.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He picked up the club and played a few shots alone.
When the last shot went into the hole, Stella clapped and praised him.
They went on break minutes later.
When they walked back to where the other men stood, Neville handed Stella a towel and a bottle of water.
“You did good, Stella.
Drink some water and try catching your breath.
”
“Thank you,” Stella said politely.
She took the towel to wipe the sweat and rolled up her sleeves.
Matthew paused when he saw the bruise on her arm.
He whispered to Cordell, “Can you check that bruise on her arm?”
Cordell was a doctor.
Never had Matthew asked him to treat a woman.
As a result, Cordell glanced at Stella and then at his friend suspiciously.
He walked up to her with a faint smile and said, “Hey, if you don’t mind, can I have a look at that bruise?”
When he saw that Stella looked at him warily, he added, “Don’t get me wrong.
I’m a doctor.
There’s someone who cares about you, so I have to check it.
Allow me, okay?”
Stella was stunned and looked at Matthew, reading meaning to those words.
###chapter96
She didn’t expect that Matthew’s friend was a doctor.
Birds of a feather flock together.
This shouldn’t be surprising at all.
With that thought, Stella smiled.
“Thanks for your concern.
It’s almost healed.
”
Cordell didn’t force her.
He took a look at her arm and said meaningfully, “Judging from the degree of bruising, the wound must have been serious.
Don’t exercise for the time being.
Also, take good rests and don’t strain yourself.
‘s BunnyBookery
You know what? Matthew will send you back.
”
“No, I can find my way.
” Stella sprang to her feet.
“You guys should carry on.
I’ll get going now.
”
Matthew nodded slightly.
With his approval, Stella turned around and left.
Matthew stared at her until she became a speck of color from the vast golf course.
Cordell sneered and grabbed him by the neck from behind.
“Dude, what is she to you?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s eyes were still fixed in the direction Stella left.
As he tried to brush Cordell away, he said irritably, “Didn’t you hear her say she’s my employee?”
“Is that all she is to you?” Cordell didn’t believe it at all.
He felt that there was something more to their relationship.
Matthew seldom gave a damn about women except for his grandmother and mother.
Whenever they went partying, many women threw themselves at Matthew, but he never even glanced at them, let alone got down with them.
His disgusted expression was always scary.
However, just now, Matthew noticed the bruise on Stella’s arm and asked him to treat her.
“You can feel it too, right?” Neville asked Cordell, walking over.
He rubbed his chin as he pieced it together.
“The way I see it, our friend here must have a crush on Stella.
We all know that he would have just walked away instead of teaching a woman to play golf.
###chapter97
Seeing as he had no issues with teaching her…”
After a pause, Neville added, feeling aggrieved, “Besides, the look he gave me when I offered to teach Stella scared the shit out of me.
Anyone who saw his glare would have thought I attempted to snatch his wife.
”
Neville was so caught up in what he was saying that he didn’t notice the murderous glare Matthew was giving him now.
“Stella is so beautiful.
I’m thinking of chasing her.
Maybe we could-”
“Get your mind out of the gutter!” Matthew interrupted with annoyance.
“What’s wrong with me?” Neville gestured at his body.
“I’m tall, handsome, rich, and single.
I am basically every woman’s dream man.
Why can’t I chase her?”
“She’s not to be chased!” Matthew fired again.
Neville chuckled.
“Look, he’s getting all worked up again.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew tut-tutted before explaining, “Don’t get me wrong.
Stella is a capable employee.
She has been of great help to me.
”
“Uh-huh!” Neville and Cordell exchanged sarcastic looks and then squinted at Matthew.
Matthew was also lost in thought.
He was aware that Stella was married, happily married at that.
Even if he got divorced now, he couldn’t be with her.
Was it true that he had a crush on her?
The more Matthew thought about it, the more confused he became.
He frowned deeply in the end.
Love hadn’t been in his books for many years.
He was so busy with other things that he didn’t think of falling for someone else.
The only reason why he agreed to get married was to make his grandmother feel at ease so she could get off his back.
He didn’t expect to be loved or give love.
All he wanted in this marriage was that his wife behaved herself.
But it just so happened that his simple wish was too much to ask.
As for Stella…
Matthew’s eyes deepened.
###chapter98
He had to admit that when he woke up to find her sleeping in his hotel suite that night in Highwyn, he felt some type of way.
He didn’t know how to describe the feeling.
Was that a sign that he had a crush on her?
Stella’s walk was as good as a run.
By the time she arrived at Miley’s house, she was sweating all over and out of breath.
“What happened to you? Why look like you just ran a marathon?” Miley handed her a glass of water.
Stella gulped down half of it.
She breathed hard and said, “Can you believe that I just bumped into my boss and his friends at the golf course and they made me take a few shots?”
“No way! Your boss also lives around here? And he was using the golf course?” Miley asked in surprise.
Seeing the confused look on Stella’s face, she explained, “The only people who can use the golf course are the residents of the best villas here.
”
Stella nodded to show that she knew.
She ruled out ever going back there just so she wouldn’t bump into Matthew again.
Miley suddenly sighed deeply.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What’s wrong? Are you tired of cleaning already? You should have allowed me help you.
It’s so much work.
” Stella looked at her with a smile.
With a straight face, Miley stared at her for a while before saying disappointedly, “I was just thinking about that silly husband of yours.
If only he could be half as good as Matthew.
Look at your boss.
He is young, promising, handsome, and free-spirited.
He’s picture-perfect.
On the other hand, Maverick is nothing but a coward!
It’s even more annoying that he’s dilly-dallying regarding the divorce.
He stood you up each time.
Gosh, how I wish I could scratch his face!”
Miley looked Like she was about to pop a vein as she spoke.
She hit her thigh with her clenched fist and added, “Enough is enough, Ella.
You have to find a way to divorce that jerk immediately!”
Stella lowered her eyes.
It was a tough choice to make.
However, she wanted nothing but to get this over with.
After a moment of silence, she said calmly, “I’ll call him now.
”
Stella and Maverick had only been in touch with each other via text.
They had never spoken on the phone before.
As the line began to ring, Stella’s palm became sweaty and her fingers tightened around the phone.
“Put it on speaker,” Miley ordered as soon as she noticed how nervous her friend became.
Stella glanced at her, hit the speaker icon, and put the phone on the table.
###chapter99
The phone rang for a long time before it was connected.
Stella held her breath and asked, “Hello, am I on to Maverick?”
Her next words came in a stutter.
“We still haven’t gotten a divorce, so I was thinking…maybe we should get it-“
An angry voice suddenly came from the other end, cutting her off.
“What? Have you no shame? How dare you call me now!!”
This voice was actually Neville’s.
Matthew had gone to get changed and he abandoned his phone aside.
When Neville saw that his friend’s phone was ringing, he thought it was an important call, so he answered it.
It turned out to be a call from Matthew’s unfaithful wife, and she asked about the divorce.
Neville immediately got furious.
He had been waiting for this good chance to avenge his friend.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He wanted to see what this cheating woman would argue about this time.
Stella’s heart jolted out of shock.
As far as she knew, she was very polite just now.
But what did she get in return? A shout and a scold.
This ticked her off instantly.
“Why should I feel too ashamed to call you? I haven’t done anything wrong.
If there’s anyone in the wrong here, it’s you.
You proposed divorce, but yet, you are the one who has postponed each appointment.
What have you got to say about that?” She wanted answers today.
Hearing the righteous voice on the phone, Neville became even angrier.
“Yuck! I hate cheeky women like you the most.
It would give me great joy to divorce you.
I don’t want to be married to you any longer!”
Before Stella could say anything, Miley snatched the phone.
She cursed, “The feeling is mutual, jerk! Get on with it, will you?
Don’t make any more silly excuses.
There’s no way you are so busy that you can’t take out a few minutes to go through with the divorce.
Coward! All you know how to do is bluff on the phone.
Be a man!”
“Fine! f@ck you! You will hear from me soon!”
###chapter100
Neville snarled and hung up the phone.
Stella and Neville were so furious that they failed to recognize each other’s voices.
Miley stared at the phone in disbelief.
“What a coward! Why in God’s name did your grandfather pick him out of all the good men in the world?”
Stella’s face darkened.
She had intended to have a civil conversation with Maverick.
Yet, he was so hostile to her.
Miley was practically breathing fire.
As her chest heaved up and down, she moved to Stella’s side.
“Don’t let what he said get to you.
He’s an asshole, so there’s no saving this marriage.
”
After saying that, she immediately rowed back.
“Just ignore him for now.
There’s no point exchanging words with such an unreasonable person.
”
Stella pressed her lips and said nothing.
A painful lump was in her throat.
That shout had already gotten to her.
She couldn’t understand why her so-called husband said such words to her.
More than ever, she felt so insecure.
In the evening, Stella was still depressed.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After picking at the food on her plate for a long time, she stood up and said to Miley, “I’m going for a walk.
”
“I’ll come along!” Miley bolted to her feet when she noticed Stella was still sulking.
“No, I want to be alone,” Stella refused bluntly.
Left with no choice, Miley could only shrug and say, “Don’t go too far.
Come back home early, okay?”
Stella nodded and left the table.
It was a little chillier outside now than it was earlier in the day.
Stella was off in a world of her own as she strolled.
When she finally snapped out of it, she had come a long way and didn’t know the right way to go.
She reached into her pocket, intending to call Miley.
But she soon realized that she hadn’t brought it along.
Stella palmed her forehead while looking around.
She made a U-turn and began walking again.
The buildings gradually got fewer and fewer.
After minutes of walking, she finally arrived at a man-made lake.
A man was standing at the bank.
###chapter101
Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
She walked up to him with a smile, “Hey, sir.
Could you please…”
In the middle of her statement, the man turned his head.
Stella drew a sharp breath.
“You again?” she blurted, blinking in utter disbelief.
‘s BunnyBookery
Not expecting to meet Matthew twice in one day, Stella was a bit nervous.
His eyes found her face, getting lost in his own thoughts.
His wife had called him today, and Neville had picked up the phone.
According to Neville, his wife, who he had never met in person, was difficult and could be likened to a demon.
However, people made a scene yesterday when the news of his divorce spread on the internet.
Now, he wouldn’t be able to get divorced all because of the opinions of the people.
He did not want her to know who he truly was.
If she did, he wouldn’t be able to hide his divorce.
Eyes never leaving Stella’s face, Matthew stared at her intensely.
Stella felt uncomfortable under his gaze.
“Are you also taking a walk?” she asked, smiling awkwardly.
“What are you doing here?” Matthew said, returning her question with one of his own.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Slightly touching the bridge of her nose, Stella answered awkwardly, “I decided to go for a walk after dinner.
Then I got lost, and unfortunately, I forgot my phone.
Could you please show me how to get to Area F?”
“We’re currently in Area A.
It’s going to take you a while to get there,” Matthew said, showing no concern.
A frown formed on Stella’s face as she became slightly worried.
She was certain she’d get lost if she walked back.
She didn’t think she’d find anyone else to guide her later.
“I’ll ask security to give you a ride back,” Matthew said, looking at her with no expression.
“Seriously?” Stella was delighted.
Nodding quickly, she expressed her gratitude.
###chapter102
“Thank God I met you.
I’m extremely grateful.
Thank you so much.
”
As if the Earth decided to punish her, bean-sized raindrops began to fall from the sky.
Subconsciously raising her hand, Stella covered her head, glancing around for any form of shelter.
Unluckily for her, there was nothing in sight.
The rain was getting heavier by the minute.
Looking down at her, Matthew offered, “You can use my villa as shelter until the rain stops.
”
“No thank you, I’m okay,” Stella said, declining his offer.
She had no interest in being at a man’s villa at night, especially when the said man was her boss.
Waving him off, Stella added, “Thank you for your generosity.
But I think I’d rather head back.
Do not worry yourself about my well-being and just go home.
”
“Take an umbrella then.
”
Matthew’s voice left no room for argument.
“Okay, Thank you,” Stella said, too embarrassed to refuse again.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew stood there staring at her for a good minute, before turning around, leaving her behind.
Scurrying behind him, Stella found it quite difficult to keep up with his long strides.
Due to the streetlight, their shadows were stretched out behind them.
Stella looked up at him in the light reflected from the streetlamp.
Watching his back, she felt that he seemed lonely.
Tonight, he looked completely indifferent.
She vaguely felt that he was in a bad mood.
Could he perhaps still be worried over the divorce?
Stella pondered a bit more before lowering her eyes.
She wasn’t aware of how many minutes had passed before they finally reached his villa.
The villas in this area were far apart from each other, and the sheer size of each one was way larger than Miley’s.
The plants all around added an air of sophistication.
Stella followed Matthew inside, lowering her head a bit.
“Mr.
Clark.
” Hearing the door open, the maid, Erin, rushed forward.
###chapter103
“Would you like me to prepare a hot bath for you?” she asked, concern filling her tone as she glanced at the droplets of water on his hair.
“Just leave me alone.
” Taking a look at Stella, he ordered, “But for her, bring a bath towel and an umbrella.
”
After giving out his orders, he went upstairs.
Erin rushed off, leaving Stella all alone in the living room.
She looked around the room, curiosity growing within her.
There was no hint of life, not even a single photo in sight.
The decoration was simple and cold.
Stella was slightly disappointed.
She had hoped to see photos of Mrs.
Clark.
“Excuse me, miss, please use this to dry your hair first.
” Erin stood in front of her with a towel in hand, interrupting Stella’s thoughts.
“Thank you.
”
“Pardon me, but who are you to Mr.
Clark?” Erin asked, not being able resist the question that lingered on her mind.
Stella’s movements came to a halt.
“My apologies.
It’s just Mr.
Clark has never brought any woman home before.
I am just curious,” Erin quickly explained trying not to sound rude.
An awkward smile crept its way to Stella’s face as she replied, “I’m an employee of Prosperity Group.
I got lost, and fortunately, I met Mr.
Clark.
He asked me to come over and take an umbrella back.
Maybe Mrs.
Clark is extremely strict, so Mr.
Clark isn’t allowed to bring any women home.
”
Erin shook her head as she muttered, “I’ve worked here for so many years, and I’ve never seen Mrs.
Clark.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Huh?” Thinking she had misheard, Stella wanted to ask again.
A deep and surly voice was heard from the stairs.
“Erin.
”
Stella’s and Erin’s heads jerked his way immediately.
“That is enough,” Matthew said, as he stared at Erin with a cold expression.
Erin was quaking in her boots now.
Her face was red with horror.
Matthew turned to look at Stella and said coldly, “A security guard will take you home soon.
Wait in the living room.
”
Stella nodded obediently.
Matthew cast a glance at them and went upstairs.
It wasn’t until he went out of sight that Stella finally resumed breathing.
She took deep breaths while patting her chest.
###chapter104
The fire in Matthew’s eyes just now almost made her pee in her pants.
She made a mental note not to pry in his privacy from now on.
Erin got back to work as if she didn’t have a bone of gossip in her.
The ground floor became as silent as a graveyard within seconds.
After drying her hair with the towel, Stella sat on the sofa with her hands on her knees in wait for the security guard.
The doorbell rang about two minutes later.
Erin went to answer it and then looked back at Stella.
“Miss, the security guard is here.
”
Stella sprang to her feet and nodded slightly to Erin.
“Thank you.
Please inform Mr.
Clark of my departure and that I said thanks.
”
“Will do,” Erin said gently.
“It’s still raining.
Take this with you.
”
Stella nodded and took the umbrella that was stretched out to her.
In the study upstairs, Matthew stared at his computer screen, watching something.
It wasn’t until he saw Erin shut the front door and return to her duties that he finally withdrew his gaze from the screen.
He then flipped to the next page of the document in his hand.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
By the time Stella returned home, Miley was standing at the door with an umbrella over her head.
“Where the hell have you been, Stella? I tried calling you, but your phone was left at home.
You got me so worried.
”
Noticing the umbrella in Stella’s hand, she asked in surprise, “You took an umbrella out? How did you know it would rain?”
“I didn’t.
Someone lent this to me,” Stella explained briefly.
She thanked the security guard and followed Miley into the house.
After leaving the umbrella to dry somewhere, Stella stretched her body and said, “The walk did me a lot of good.
Now that I’m in a much better mood, I can start drawing the designs.
”
Miley studied her expression and only felt relieved when she noticed that Stella wasn’t lying to her.
“Okay, let’s get that bag!” She grabbed Stella’s arm and pulled her away.
###chapter105
“To make sure you are able to concentrate on this competition without any disturbance, I specially prepared a studio for you.
”
Miley took her upstairs.
She opened a door and turned on the light.
A well-furnished room came into view.
There was a simple desk in a corner.
On it was a lamp, a computer, a pack of colorful pencils, and pieces of paper arranged neatly.
A drawing board stood beside the desk.
This studio looked simple and warm.
“Girl, you always have my well-being in mind.
How could I ever repay you? How about I take an oath to marry you?” Stella joked.
“Okay.
” Miley pressed her down on the chair.
She hummed as if she was giving something a thought before she said with a straight face, “We can get married later.
For now, you have to draw.
Summon all the inspirations you got in the past few days.
”
“You can only go to sleep when you are done.
I’m counting on you to win this competition and market our online clothing store to the world.
Only then can we have a steady flow of orders.
”
Stella saluted and then burst into ma’am Laughter.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Yes, Miley gave her a playful slap on the shoulder.
Since she knew that Stella loved to work in a quiet environment, she saw herself out of the studio.
Stella tied her hair up in a messy bun.
Thereafter, she picked up a pencil and a piece of paper.
The desk was facing the window.
Shiny raindrops trickled the glass.
Suddenly, an inspiration hit her.
Her brain moved faster than a bolt of lightning as she was thinking about the sketch.
‘s BunnyBookery
She lowered her head and scribbled on the paper quickly.
Seconds ran into minutes, and minutes into hours.
In the middle of the night, Stella began to feel sleepy, but she persevered.
Finally, she fell asleep on the desk with a pencil in hand.
At Charlene’s residence…
In the study on the second floor, Charlene was dressed in dark green household clothes.
Her long curly hair was tied together to the side.
As she sat at her desk, her ultra-thin eyebrows were raised, making her look like a strong female villain straight out of a cartoon.
She stared daggers at the man in front of her and asked seriously, “Wait, I don’t think I heard you correctly.
You saw a woman by Matthew’s side?”
Shaking like a leaf, the assistant looked down and said, “Yes.
The person I sent after them saw the woman enter Matthew’s villa.
She must be his new girlfriend.
”
###chapter106
Charlene sneered, “And she’s the same woman who accompanied him to Highwyn recently?”
The assistant nodded.
“Yes.
”
Hearing this, Charlene leaned back on her chair and tapped the desk without uttering a word.
Her son, Jeremy, was going to return very soon.
She had to find out Matthew’s weakness and use it against him as soon as possible.
There was a woman around him?
Charlene had never heard of Matthew being close to any woman before.
A sinister glint leaped into her eyes.
Her Lips curled up menacingly.
The next second, she ordered coldly, “Bring me everything you can find about that woman ASAP.
”
The next afternoon, Stella went up to the top floor to see Matthew in his office.
She put the umbrella on his desk and said sincerely, “Thanks a lot for last night.
”
Matthew glanced at the neatly-folded umbrella and nodded slightly.
Moments passed and Stella stood still as if she wasn’t going to leave.
He raised his head and asked, “Anything else?”
After scratching the back of her head in hesitation, Stella put a U-disk on the desk and said, “I prepared this to show my gratitude.
”
“What is on it?” Matthew raised his eyebrows, glancing at the drive.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I put together a collection of decorative paintings for you,” Stella explained.
“When I went to your house last night, I couldn’t help but notice that the decor was way too simple.
I think it needs some paintings.
If you don’t like it, I can prepare something else.
”
Her hands were clasped tightly in front of her as she held her breath, waiting for his opinion.
Matthew stared at her for a few seconds before he picked up the U-disk.
He inserted it into his computer and opened it.
He looked through the paintings.
All of them were in Baroque style and were of the romance theme.
Every outline of the paintings suits the current interior decor of his villa.
Matthew had to admit that he was impressed by Stella’s aesthetic judgment .
The entire office was quiet except for the occasional clicking and sliding sound that the mouse in Matthew’s hand made.
###chapter107
The silence was killing Stella.
She began fiddling with her fingers.
On her way back last night, she thought about sending Matthew a gift as a token of gratitude.
She was unable to think of something he might need.
After all, the man had it all.
It had taken her a long time to come up with this.
The only thing he lacked in his home were paintings to make it lively.
She thought it was a perfect gift, but now, Matthew’s silence was torture.
Perhaps he was just a big fan of minimalist decor.
Did she just poke a sore spot?
Just as anxiety was about to get the best of Stella, Matthew cleared his throat and spoke up.
“I’m satisfied with these paintings.
You can decide on the rest,” he said indifferently.
Phew! Stella finally resumed breathing.
This approval outside of work brought no less joy than his praises when she solved the PR crisis.
“Okay, Mr.
Clark.
I’ll see to it right away,” she replied with a smile, bowed slightly, and then left the office.
Matthew leaned back in his chair and placed his hand on his chin.
He had mixed feelings.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She looked like she hadn’t had enough sleep.
Did she stay up late last night just to choose these paintings?
Matthew pondered for a while.
Ten minutes after Stella left the CEO’s office, she received a message from him via the company’s chat software.
“I have a few personal errands to run today, so I won’t be on seat.
You can go home early.
”
Stella jumped at the sight of this.
“Yes!”
A day off was just what she needed.
Since she got to work this morning, she had yawned a hundred times, if not more.
Going home to sleep Like a baby was a good idea.
Stella replied with an OK, packed up her stuff, and left the company.
Just a few minutes after Stella left, Matthew received a message from his grandfather, Waldo, ordering him to come back home.
Matthew rushed down without wasting time.
When he got in, he saw his grandfather and grandmother sitting in the living room with serious expressions.
###chapter108
Waldo didn’t bother beating about the bush, let alone answered his grandson’s greeting.
“What’s this I’m hearing about you being so close to a female employee lately? Matthew, have you forgotten that you have a wife?”
Without thinking for a second, Matthew knew the exact person that told his grandfather about this.
His face turned cold.
“I see that Charlene has come to tell you silly lies about me.
There’s nothing between me and the employee in question.
She’s just the PR officer I hired recently.
”
Waldo refused to take his word for it.
He snarled, “If she’s just an employee, why did you take her into your home? What was her business there? Matthew, do you think you can fool me because I am now very old?”
Matthew remained silent.
His grandfather was a stubborn man.
Whenever he believed something, no one could tell him otherwise, so Matthew decided to save his breath.
Waldo added, “I just got off the phone with Stella’s grandfather and he said that his granddaughter doesn’t want a divorce.
That means you are the one pushing for it.
What the hell is wrong with you? Are you doing drugs now? How can you have a good wife but still frolic with a mere PR officer?”
Matthew snorted and his face darkened.
His grandfather was sort of hypertensive, so he didn’t want to tell him the reason for his action.
More so, that would only give Charlene one more reason to hound him.
He was annoyed that his wife didn’t keep her damn mouth shut.
‘s BunnyBookery
Needless to say, he was sure that a gold-digger like her would want money even if she didn’t want a divorce.
How could the two women with same names be so different?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The atmosphere was getting heated as Waldo continued to roar while Matthew kept silent.
Lucia tried to step in as a mediator.
She held her husband’s wrinkly hand and squeezed it.
“I have already spoken to Matthew about his marriage and he promised he would handle it.
He has never let you down, has he? So, trust him this time.
”
Waldo was breathing hard as he finally kept quiet.
Lucia continued to persuade him in a soft voice, “We haven’t had dinner together for a long time.
Matthew seldom visits us.
Now that he’s here, let’s set this matter aside and eat together.
”
Waldo’s expression softened when he locked eyes with Lucia.
He muttered, “Okay, let’s do that.
”
Lucia winked at Matthew.
The three of them slowly walked to the dining room.
Once Matthew was done eating, he got up before the table was cleared and left in a hurry, under the guise that something urgent just came up at work.
###chapter109
Waldo didn’t fall for it.
He stared at his back and commented, “Just look at your grandson.
That woman has bewitched him!”
“Don’t get worked up again.
It’s not good for your health,” Lucia uttered persuasively.
She kept silent for a few seconds and added, “I’ll speak to Stella in person.
”
Waldo nodded in low spirits.
“Don’t worry too much.
” A cunning smile appeared on Lucia’s face.
“Remember that Matthew’s marriage certificate is in our possession.
He can’t get divorced without it.
”
Stella swung into action once she got a good rest.
That night, she bought a painting and had it framed.
The next morning, she had just sat down at her desk when Fernando came with good news.
“To reward you for your work in Highwyn, you will be paid a bonus alongside your salary for this month.
Check the amount once you get paid.
”
This wasn’t the first time she was hearing about the bonus.
However, the news still delighted her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She thanked Fernando repeatedly.
Fernando’s voice wasn’t loud, but her colleagues around heard it.
They surrounded Stella and congratulated her once Fernando left the office.
Stella smiled and said calmly, “Thank you.
”
Luna came over at this time.
Glancing at the crowd, she leaned on the cubicle divider and said mischievously, “It has been ages since one of us here got a special bonus.
Stella, how about treating us to coffee to celebrate this milestone?”
The others concurred.
Stella decided not to allow Luna’s sarcasm spoil her mood.
She said with a smile, “In that case, I’ll go get everyone a cup of coffee.
You all want different kinds, don’t you? Please send the specifics to me via text.
”
At Stella’s generosity, Luna’s face fell and then twisted into a frown.
She was pissed as the others praised Stella to no end.
Thirty minutes later, Stella returned to the company with cardboard coffee carriers in both hands.
She was just about to take the elevator when she ran into Matthew who was waiting for it too.
###chapter110
“Mr.
Clark!” Stella called out excitedly.
Hearing her voice, Matthew looked in her direction.
His eyebrows raised as soon as he saw the multiple carriers in her hands.
Stella read his mind just by looking at his expression.
With a bright smile, she explained, “Oh, since I got a special bonus, I decided to treat my colleagues to cups of coffee.
”
Matthew nodded slightly.
The elevator bell dinged and then the doors swooshed open.
The two walked in one after the other.
Stella painstakingly reached out, intending to hit the button of her office floor.
But then, she saw that it was already on.
She took a stealthy glance at Matthew, thanked him in a low voice, and then walked behind him.
They were alone in here.
The silence was a little nerving, so Stella coughed and said, “Mr.
Clark, I brought a painting to work today.
I’ll bring it to you later in the day.
”
“Okay,” Matthew replied in an indifferent voice.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The elevator soon arrived at the floor of Stella’s office.
Before walking out, Stella raised one hand and asked, “Would you Like a cup of coffee?”
Matthew was a little surprised at first.
When he saw that she was serious, he took out a cup and said, “Thanks.
”
“Don’t mention it.
” Stella smiled and walked out of the elevator.
It wasn’t until she was a few steps away from the office that she realized something; one of her colleagues wasn’t going to get a cup.
She couldn’t turn back now, so she decided to give that coworker her own cup of coffee and apologize.
Everyone surrounded her as soon as she got in.
After they each took a cup, they thanked her cheerfully.
Luna walked over, only to find that the carriers were all empty.
She frowned and said with her voice raised, “Why can’t I find mine?
Did you intentionally leave me out because I suggested you buy us coffee? Have you got a problem with me? If you do, just say it with your full chest! You didn’t have to get my hopes up and discriminate against me here!”
Luna implied that Stella was forced to buy them coffee.
###chapter111
Stella explained calmly, “I didn’t mean to leave you out.
The thing is, on the way here, I bumped into Mr.
Clark and he just so happened to choose the cup of coffee you asked for.
If you don’t mind, here’s mine.
”
Luna snorted, “You should come up with a better lie.
How could you mention Mr.
Clark just because you want to fool me? As far as I know, Fernando prepares his coffee every morning.
The CEO doesn’t drink cheap-ass coffee like this!”
Stella shrugged.
“You are free to believe whatever.
Since you think this is cheap, I’m going to keep it.
”
With that, she withdrew her outstretched hand and walked over to her desk with her cup of coffee.
Luna gritted her teeth in anger.
She was already mad that Stella’s sudden appearance here was stalling her promotion.
And now, this newcomer was getting praised by the boss himself.
Stella was gradually posing a threat to her current position.
No way! She had to nip this bitch in the bud as soon as possible.
Thinking of this, Luna walked to Stella’s desk and bumped into it on purpose.
The coffee cup fell immediately.
The painting for Matthew was lying beside it.
In the blink of an eye, the brown coffee spilled on the white canvas, leaving mottled marks.
Stella quickly picked up the painting and shook it in a bid to save it.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Unfortunately, the coffee had already seeped into the canvas and nothing could be done to restore it to how it was.
She had just told Matthew she would bring it to his office.
It was too late to buy a new one.
Stella lost her cool immediately.
She snarled at Luna, “Why did you hit my desk?”
Her eyes were blazing red as she stared at this troublemaker.
“What are you talking nonsense about? This is not my fault.
Don’t try to put the blame on me,” Luna said, raising her hands innocently.
ALL eyes in this department were on them.
Luna noticed that the others were watching, so she folded her arms and said sarcastically, “Some people are so proud.
I can’t believe a mere special bonus can make someone think she’s better than everyone else.
If things go on like this, maybe I won’t even have a place in this office.
”
Stella was completely pissed off by Luna’s shamelessness.
She chuckled bitterly and said, “So, you want to play dumb? Fine!
Let’s check the surveillance footage to see what really happened.
If it turns out that you are in the wrong, you must apologize!”
There was no way in hell Luna would agree to that.
###chapter112
With an eye roll, she spat, “I apologize to no one! You are accusing me falsely, but I decided to let it slide.
Don’t push your luck, Stella!”
Stella fanned her face with her fingers.
She then folded her arms and insisted, “Since you are so sure of your innocence, let’s check the surveillance footage.
I’m sure the CEO frowns at any form of slander amongst the employees in this company .
””
Suddenly, a deep male voice came from the door.
“What’s going on here?”
Matthew walked into the office with both hands in his pockets.
His eyes locked Stella’s, but only for a second as he looked away.
Luna immediately walked up to Matthew, pointed at Stella, and said aggrievedly, “Stella bought coffee for everyone in this office, but she intentionally left me out.
It was a hard pill to swallow, but I didn’t fight her.
Now, she’s accusing me falsely of hitting her desk.
”
Hearing this, Matthew frowned and said in a cold voice, “I took a cup of coffee from Stella.
Would you like to have it?”
What?
Luna thought Stella told her one big lie.
Her expression changed dramatically.
“Mr.
Clark, you…”
Matthew’s face was taut and cold.
When Luna sensed that he was being dead serious, she lowered her head and began to apologize.
“I’m sorry, Mr.
Clark.
I shouldn’t have misunderstood Stella.
How stupid of me!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Her feigned remorse didn’t stop her eyes from sparkling with hatred for Stella.
Turning a deaf ear to her apology, Matthew went straight to Stella’s desk.
His anger and coldness quadrupled the second he laid eyes on the stained painting.
“How are you going to solve this problem?” he asked, pointing to the painting.
Luna lost her tongue.
The entire office became so quiet that one could hear a pin drop.
It dawned on everyone in the room that Matthew had no intention of letting Luna off the hook now.
Luna waved her hand and denied it.
“That’s so not my doing.
”
“Really? We can check the surveillance footage.
If it’s proven that you caused this to happen, you have to compensate for it,” Matthew said coldly.
###chapter113
Luna shook like a leaf at the sight of his fiery eyes.
Her teeth clattered as if she had just been dipped into a heap of snow.
“For your information, I asked Stella to buy this painting.
It’s worth twenty million.
” The ice in Matthew’s face and eyes intensified as his voice got louder and Louder.
In a split second, Luna’s face turned deathly pale and her knees buckled.
She sank to the floor with her hands clasped together.
“Mr.
Clark, I know I was wrong.
Please give me another chance.
I won’t make the same mistake again.
” She begged for mercy profusely.
“Pay the compensation or get dismissed.
It’s your call!”
Matthew said in an indifferent voice.
He looked down at Luna, Like a stone-hearted king.
Both of his options weren’t favorable, so Luna went mute.
She didn’t have twenty million to her name.
Also, she didn’t want to lose her job.
It was her life!
She groveled to his feet and cried, “Please have mercy, Mr.
Clark.
Give me one more chance.
”
ALL her pleas fell on deaf ears.
Matthew whipped out his phone and made a call.
In a matter of seconds, a group of hefty security guards barged into the office.
They bundled Luna out like a bag of trash without being told.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It was crystal clear that Luna had just been fired.
All the other employees scattered like animals running away from a hungry Lion.
Matthew glanced at them indifferently and addressed them without emotion.
“I’ll not tolerate anyone who fails to get along with their coworkers.
If anyone is found guilty of fighting or harming their colleagues, that person will be fired straight-up!”
After Matthew finished speaking, silence filled the office.
Everyone could hear the warning in his voice.
Stella stood beside him, not daring to move as she could feel the energy radiating off him.
Matthew took a look at the stains of coffee on her desk.
Frowning, he said, “You should take care of the desk first.
”
“Okay,” Stella quickly replied.
Feeling she was a bit impolite, she added, “Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
Turning around, she took out some tissues.
As she was wiping the stains, she couldn’t help but think about how she and Matthew were getting closer and closer.
Being her boss, he had helped her a lot.
###chapter114
She was his subordinate.
She should be the one helping not the other way around.
Stella decided not to think too much.
These things probably meant nothing to him.
Matthew was about to leave when he noticed that she had picked up one of the photo frames on the desk.
She was intent on removing the coffee stains on the frame.
Matthew stood there, staring at the photo frame.
A photo was embedded in it.
The picture featured a trio of individuals—two men, one old and the other young, with a woman.
They had their backs to the camera as they watched the sunrise.
The photo was filled with warmth.
Matthew stared at it for a while with his face blank of any expression, before turning around to leave.
Luna was dragged and thrown out of the company by the security.
She was utterly embarrassed in front of all the employees.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Gritting her teeth she stared at the words “Prosperity Group” on the building.
She could not believe any of it at all.
She was suffering all because of Stella.
Everything was awful!
Her lip turned pale from how hard she was biting it.
She suddenly took out her phone.
After a quick search, she finally found what she had been looking for; an old contact.
She dialed it immediately.
‘s BunnyBookery
She was fired all because of Stella and wasn’t going to let her get away with it.
“Lina, have you recovered yet?” Luna asked immediately the call had connected.
“You’re going to lose your position if you don’t return soon.
”
She had called the head of the public relations department-Lina Castro.
Lina had a fracture and asked for some time off work.
“Why? What happened?” Lina asked, becoming worried.
“Stella Anderson, the public relations staff, is growing wings in the company with Mr.
Clark’s support.
I was fired all because of her.
Mr.
Clark listened to her slander.
” Luna made their conflict seem larger than it actually was.
Lina was shocked and utterly speechless.
She had not expected all these changes in the company.
Luna had worked in the company for a long time and was also her very capable assistant.
###chapter115
She could rest assured at home easily because of Luna’s presence in the department.
She had not taken the new PR staff seriously at all.
But apparently, she had miscalculated.
A frown made its way to her face.
Luna continued to weep and utter disparaging remarks about Stella.
“I don’t know how she did it.
Mr.
Clark is wrapped around her finger.
She is almost as important as Fernando in the company.
”
“Don’t worry.
I’ll teach her a lesson when I return, I assure you,”
Lina attempted to comfort her.
Luna felt a rush of relief as she heard that.
“Okay.
Thank you, Lina!”
“Don’t worry about work.
I’ll help you find something.
I mean you’ve worked with me for a long time,” Lina said, making a promise to Luna.
“I appreciate you, Lina.
Just let me know if you ever need my assistance in the future.
” Luna ended the call, feeling very pleased.
It was evening already, and after work, Stella went home.
She walked upstairs, about to tell Miley what had happened that day.
She opened the door, only to find Miley standing in front of the mirror with a beautiful dress on.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley raised her head and they locked eyes in the mirror.
“Oh you’re back! What do you think?” she asked, twirling around for Stella to get a good look.
“It’s perfect.
” Stella comment was succinct.
“Do you have a date or something?”
Miley replied, “I got a dress for you as well.
Go try it.
You’re coming with me to a private exhibition.
” She picked up an invitation card from the table and threw it at Stella.
Stella caught the card and saw the word “KlassicLuxe” written on it.
With shock evident on her face, she asked, “Wait, is this KlassicLuxe’s private exhibition? How on earth did you get an invitation?”
In general, only those who were close with KlassicLuxe could get an invitation.
And Miley was most definitely not.
###chapter116
“It wasn’t easy for me to get an invitation.
And I can bring a plus one, so hurry and go change,” Miley said as she eyed Stella.
“The dress is in your room, now hurry up!” She shoved Stella out of the room.
“Okay.
” Stella rushed into her room to change, not daring to waste another second.
Miley had picked out a long, champagne slip dress.
It was very elegant and the perfect fit.
They both changed and left.
On the way, Stella was still in disbelief and kept on staring at the invitation in her hand.
Staring at her from the corner of her eye, Miley chuckled.
“Make sure to take a lot of close looks and search for any form of inspiration.
We have to make sure we get an opportunity to work with KlassicLuxe.
”
That was the reason she had fought to get the invitation.
“I will, I promise,” Stella said, nodding repeatedly.
The exhibition was very private, so not even reporters could get in.
She was going to cherish this moment.
The car finally arrived at its destination thirty minutes later.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Different luxurious cars lined the entrance of the exposition.
Miley handed the invitation to the security, and they checked it before letting them in.
Pieces of fashion were positioned in the glass showcases in the gigantic exhibition hall.
On the right bottom of each glass showcase, the designer’s inspiration and information were written.
The hall was so quiet that if a pin was dropped, the sound would be heard.
Stella trod very lightly.
She couldn’t help but stop to observe every item she walked by.
She just couldn’t remove herself from the designs that were beyond compare.
On the other hand, Miley was dying of boredom.
She had no knowledge of design.
She only worked with marketing and making money.
Seeing how focused Stella was on the clothes, she moved closer and asked, “So…how’s it going? Got any inspiration?”
Stella smiled at the work In front of her.
“It’s astounding.
I adore this designer’s work a lot.
”
###chapter117
She always felt like this designer’s thoughts accorded with hers.
In front of the work, she felt some sort of connection.
Sadly, the designer had only put up one item for display.
Miley followed Stella’s gaze.
She was looking at the work of a designer named Tobin.
Miley stared at it for a while but just couldn’t see what Stella was so interested in.
With a pout, she said, “Do take your time, please.
I’ll go look around.
”
Without a glance, Stella nodded and let her leave.
Miley walked around the hall aimlessly until she saw something that piqued her interest-the invitation List.
It would be very helpful for the expansion of the online store if she could get familiar with some of the people present.
Thinking about it, Miley looked through the list very carefully.
All of a sudden, she was confounded.
In the middle of the list, Maverick’s name was neatly written.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley rubbed her eyes in shock, trying to process this newly found information.
She was delighted after checking it repeatedly to make sure she hadn’t seen wrong.
This time, she was going to scold the shithead properly, face to face and demand that Stella should divorce him.
Miley turned around to look for Stella right away, but the moment she lifted her foot, the lights went out.
“What happened? What’s going on?”
“Did the power go out?”
Stella was a bit frightened by the dark.
She was about to turn on the flashlight when a deep and calm voice was heard from the darkness.
“Relax, don’t be scared.
”
Stella was stunned upon hearing the familiar voice, but she felt secure at least.
Some visitors turned on their flashlights.
###chapter118
In the dim light, she was able to see the man clearly.
The man standing in front of her was Matthew!
It hadn’t crossed Stella’s mind, even for a split second, that she would bump into Matthew at the exhibition.
Noticing how close they were, she felt her scalp go numb.
Stella shifted away silently and smiled awkwardly.
“Mr.
Clark, what brings you here?”
Matthew looked her up and down.
After a while, he explained slowly, “A friend of mine is the host of this private exhibition.
”
A second after he finished speaking, a staff appeared on stage to apologize and update the guests.
“We apologize for the inconvenience, ladies and gentlemen.
There was a sudden blackout in this area.
Repairs are ongoing, so please hang on.
We have prepared candles.
You can sit on the sofa aside while you wait.
Hopefully, power will be restored soon.
”
With this speech came the handing out of lavender candles by other staff members.
The guests were ushered to sit on the sofas.
A lavender fragrance soon spread in the hall.
Stella and Matthew sat side by side, still not uttering another word to each other.
The dim candlelight made this situation seem inexplicably ambiguous.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella wanted to start another conversation, but she was lost.
She could only tighten and then loosen her hands, which were resting on her lap.
She straightened her back and looked around, trying to find Miley.
But all she saw were strange faces.
Quickly, she whipped out her phone and sent Miley a message.
“Help!
Where are you? I just met my boss!”
A response came in seconds later.
“I’m currently seated in Area D.
Once power is back on, I’ll go find you.
There’s something I have to tell you.
”
Stella slid down in her seat and then sat back up.
She tapped on her phone screen as she stole a glance at Matthew from the corner of her eye.
###chapter119
Her eyes meet his.
Instantly, her face froze and she bit her lip.
She finally put away her phone and smiled as if she had no worries in the world.
“Mr.
Clark, can I ask you a question?”
“Shoot,” Matthew agreed.
Taking a deep breath, Stella pursed her lips and tried to string her words together in her mind.
She then asked, “You’ve helped me a lot since I joined the company.
But why?”
At this question, Matthew pursed his thin lips and stared at her.
He had a deadpan expression, but his eyes seemed to contain indescribable emotions.
Stella felt her cheeks become warmer under his gaze.
Now, she regretted blurting out that question.
She was just about to wave it aside when Matthew spoke up.
“That’s because, as a businessman, I’m always willing to invest in projects I think have promising futures.
”
It was all Greek to Stella, and her face said so.
“To put it plainly, I think you are a promising employee.
” With that, Matthew looked away.
Stella lowered her eyes and muttered, “Okay.
For some reason, his answer made her feel disappointed.
She even felt her heart ached for a second.
Why was she disappointed?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s response was exactly how an employer should respond.
Had she been expecting something else?
Silence rippled between them for a long time.
The power still wasn’t back on, and the candlelight was growing dim.
As the silence between Matthew and Stella became more deafening, the former looked at his employer whose head was hanging low.
His heart became inexplicably soft.
“Stella,” he called in a low and deep voice.
Stella immediately raised her head and straightened her back.
She looked at him with questioning eyes.
Matthew turned around and asked, “Tell me, has any piece here caught your fancy?”
Before Stella knew what was happening, her depressed mood flew out the window.
She leaned back as she responded, “Uhm.
I like Tobin’s work very much.
”
###chapter120
Matthew raised his eyebrows slightly and asked, “And why is that?”
“I think his work retained his momentary inspiration.
Not only do I understand what concept he was trying to depict, but I think his work is also unique.
” An inexplicable joy filled Stella as she spoke of something she Loved-art.
She was so carried away that she didn’t notice how stunned Matthew looked at the moment.
He had mixed feelings as he stared at her.
The work she was speaking of with so much enthusiasm was actually his.
The exhibition was held in Tobin’s name.
Matthew didn’t want to blow his cover, so he entered the exhibition with Maverick’s identity.
He didn’t expect anyone to understand what message he was trying to pass in his work, but Stella did.
It took Stella minutes of talking incessantly before she noticed Matthew was staring at her.
The second she realized she had spoken too much, she drew a breath and sealed her lips in embarrassment.
She let the silence sit for a few seconds before asking, “What about you, Mr.
Clark? Has any work caught your attention?”
Looking at her smile, Matthew parted his lips to respond, but the light in the ball suddenly came back on.
The employee who addressed them earlier apologized.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Sorry for keeping you all waiting.
Now, we can…”
The sudden brightness put a strain on Stella’s eyes.
She blocked the light with her hand over her eyes.
Several blinks later, she was finally able to put her hand down.
Only then did she see that Matthew was gone.
There was a hollow on the spot he was seated on barely a minute ago.
The lavender fragrance became faint as the staff came over and took away the candles on the table.
Stella was in a daze.
She even began to question if her conservation with Matthew was only a hallucination.
At this time, Miley’s voice came from a distance.
“Stella!” She was holding the hem of her skirt and walking very fast.
“Slow down, girl.
”
Stella stood up and walked to her friend with a helpless smile.
###chapter121
Miley grabbed her arm and examined her carefully.
“Are you okay?”
Stella nodded her head and said, “I’m fine.
By the way, what is it you wanted to tell me?”
Miley took a deep breath and asked, “Guess what I just saw?”
“ihat?” Stella asked.
“You know I’m not good at guesses, so spill!”
“Maverick! I just saw that name on the list of visitors.
He must be here somewhere.
I have to teach him a lesson for messing with my best friend!” Miley’s face twisted as she was filled with righteous indignation.
This news awoke Stella’s nervousness.
Her eyes swept through the hall as one of her hands flew to her stomach.
She had never expected that Maverick would also be here.
Did this mean they would meet today?
Stella was on the verge of freaking out when Miley grabbed her hand and said, “Let’s go! That jerk can’t stay hidden anymore.
I’ll help you fish him out.
”
“Miley…” Stella dug her feet to a halt and pulled her friend back.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What’s wrong?”
Stella said hesitantly, “I have never seen Maverick.
”
Before their marriage, her grandfather sent her a picture of Maverick, but it wasn’t recent.
He was still a teenager in that picture.
His looks must have changed quite a lot since he was now an adult.
As a result, she couldn’t possibly point him out in the midst of so many people.
Miley understood Stella’s worry.
She was aware that the two of them were such an unconventional couple as they hadn’t even met once.
It didn’t surprise her that Stella didn’t know what her husband Looked Like.
After thinking for a while, Miley suggested, “How about you call him to meet up?”
“No, I don’t want to,” Stella refused without sparing it a thought.
The last time she called him, all she got was insults.
She didn’t want to spoil her good mood by talking to him.
She sighed as her mind went to the picture of him she had received over a year ago.
Perhaps the way he looked so approachable in that photo had deceived her into thinking marrying him wasn’t going to be that bad.
###chapter122
Had she known he was far from being angelic, let alone unapproachable, she wouldn’t have said yes.
Miley didn’t give up despite Stella’s response.
But before she could utter another word, Stella added, “This is KlassicLuxe private exhibition.
I don’t want any drama.
The embarrassment will be too much for me to take if my private life is exposed.
I’d meet him some other time.
”
Miley gave it a thought and couldn’t help but agree.
At this time, the voice of the staff member sounded again.
“Apologies once again, ladies and gentlemen.
I understand that the recent emergency has affected your interest in this exhibition.
To show that we are really sorry, each of you will get a gift.
”
After this announcement, the gifts were distributed to the guests.
Stella thanked the staff who handed one to her.
Just as she was about to unwrap her gift, she caught a glimpse of someone who looked like Maverick from the side.
She raised her foot to step forward.
ALL of a sudden, the staff member added, “Thank you for coming tonight.
The exhibition is officially over.
Please make your way out orderly.
Drive safe!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The visitors got up with their gifts and headed for the door at the same time.
In no time, Stella was squished between impatient people.
She staggered and almost missed her step.
When she looked up again, the figure was nowhere to be seen.
“Careful,” said Miley, holding her.
“What has got your attention so much that you can’t even watch your step?”
Stella came to her senses and shook her head.
“Nothing.
Let’s go home.
The two walked out of the exhibition hall and left just as they came.
As soon as they got home, they couldn’t wait to unwrap their presents.
Stella untied the rope and unfolded the scroll.
An exquisite design drawing came into view.
In a corner of the piece was a signature that read, “Tobin.
”
Stella stared at the signature.
An indescribable feeling coursed through her heart.
Something magical kept her eyes glued to the painting for a long time.
Miley also unwrapped her gift.
###chapter123
Unlike Stella’s gift, hers was nothing special.
It was just an ordinary introduction drawing about KlassicLuxe clothes.
Miley took one glance at it and dumped it aside.
She turned to look at Stella.
When she saw that Stella was frozen like a statue as she looked at the painting, she scoffed, “Why are you staring so hard? It’s just an ordinary introduction painting.
”
Stella remained silent, her body frozen and her eyes glued to the painting.
Out of curiosity, Miley leaned over.
A scream escaped her lips as soon as her eyes fell on the painting.
She yanked it off Stella’s hands and looked at it with her eyes bulging from the sockets.
She exclaimed, “This is no ordinary painting! Oh my God! You said you were a fan of Tobin’s work, and now you have one.
You’re so lucky!”
A gloom fell on Miley’s face the next second.
She picked up her gift and held it up with Stella’s.
Her head tilted as she muttered, “Weren’t the gifts shared at random? How come you got something good while mine is just blah?”
Stella took the painting back and wrapped it carefully.
“I mentioned meeting my boss at the exhibition, didn’t I? I told him I liked Tobin’s works, so maybe he told the organizer to give me this one.
”
It wasn’t farfetched that such a thing would have happened.
After all, Matthew was an influential man.
Miley moved closer to Stella.
With her eyes narrowing, she stared at her as if she was receiving insights on something.
“What? Why are you giving me that look?” Stella frowned in confusion.
Miley touched her chin.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Does your boss have a crush on you?”
Stella poked her on the forehead and scolded, “Stop hallucinating, girl!”
“I am not kidding!” Miley pouted and rubbed her forehead.
“Well, snap out of it.
Matthew is married, and so am I,” Stella said affirmatively.
Miley thought for a while and said unconvinced, “Both of you are getting a divorce soon, right?”
Stella was taken aback.
She stopped what she was doing, looked at Miley, and said seriously, “Even if Matthew gets a divorce, there’s already a long line of beautiful single women waiting to become the next Mrs.
Clark.
”
“You will be a beautiful single woman after the divorce, won’t you?”
Miley retorted.
###chapter124
Looking at the scroll in her hand, Stella repeated firmly and calmly, “I see Matthew as my boss, and nothing else.
Even if we both get divorced, there’s no chance that we can be together.
So, get that thought out of your head.
”
Miley stuck to her guns.
She patted Stella on the shoulder and said, “Ella, you are an amazing young woman.
I know sometimes you might feel that you’re not cut out for love, but I need you to know that you deserve to be loved.
A failed marriage is not the end of the world.
One day, you might just meet your Mr.
Right.
”
“Aww! Thank you.
” Stella looked at her with misty eyes, her heart melting.
Miley brought Maverick up again.
“What would you like to do after getting rid of that scumbag? What’s your ideal spouse Like?”
Hearing this, Stella thought carefully.
She thought about her ideal type for a long time, and Matthew’s face kept popping into her mind.
Stella shook her head hard to get rid of the image.
“I don’t have one! My career will be my new husband.
I just want to work hard, make money, and live life how I deem fit,” she said with dreamy eyes.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Back at the venue of the art exhibition, Matthew was in a meeting room on the second floor.
He was all alone.
Fernando knocked on the door and came in, “Mr.
Clark, I’ve done the investigation.
”
Matthew raised his eyes, looking all serious and cold.
“The power failure was caused by a sudden surge after a rectification in the circuit on the nearby block.
No one tampered with it.
”
At this report, Matthew felt a little relieved.
“That’s all for today.
You may leave,” he ordered.
After Fernando left, Matthew swiveled his chair.
Through the window, he watched as the staff cleaned up the exhibition hall in preparation for closing.
His eyes narrowed as he thought about his conversation with Stella nearly an hour ago.
The manner in which she spoke showed that she liked Tobin a lot.
Conflicting feelings swirled inside Matthew at this moment.
He couldn’t wrap his head around why he just gave Stella his favorite painting as a so-called gift.
Surely, it couldn’t be just because she was a fan, could it?
The next day, Stella met an expected surprise when she got to work.
###chapter125
Luna’s desk in the office and been cleared.
She stared at the empty desk for a while before turning away to walk over to hers.
She had just dropped her handbag on its surface when a woman in a long dress with shoulder-length hair walked into the office.
She looked so gentle and dignified.
Stella’s eyes narrowed a little when she saw a strange face.
The woman stopped in front of Stella, smiled brightly, and introduced herself.
“Hello, I’m the head of the PR department, Lina Castro.
Are you new here?”
Stella replied with a smile, “Hello, Lina.
I have heard so much about you.
My name is Stella Anderson.
I’m Mr.
Clark’s private PR officer.
”
After saying that, Stella looked down and found that the woman’s ankle was still wrapped in gauze.
No wonder she sensed that Lina was walking a little funny just now.
Out of courtesy, Stella drew out a chair and said, “Please take a seat.
”
Lina thanked her and took her seat.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I trust you might be wondering why you are just seeing me for the first time even though I’m the department head.
Well, I had an accident and was placed on bed rest.
” Lina was wearing a smile now.
However, she didn’t look very friendly.
After a pause, she continued, “While I was away, word got to me that you were of great help to Mr.
Clark in solving many crises and that you were quite good at what you do.
”
Stella said politely, “You flatter me.
I’m not that good.
I still have a lot to learn.
”
“Give yourself some credit, will you? There’s no point acting so modest.
I heard that Mr.
Clark personally gave you a bonus, so that means he appreciates your work.
” Lina’s tone wasn’t hateful, but her stare-down of Stella was.
There was no change in Stella’s expression.
She sensed something strange, but she still wasn’t sure if Lina mentioned the bonus because she admired her or had intentions to pick on her.
She just nodded and said politely, “It was nice meeting you.
If you don’t mind, I’d like to get to work.
”
“Hold on.
I was actually hoping you could do me a favor.
” Lina cut to the chase.
Stella paused.
Lina said apologetically, “As you can see, my ankle hasn’t healed up yet.
I can only work at my table for now.
Walking about to get things done is going to be a difficult chore for me.
Can you be of assistance to me?”
Stella replied, “I have to get Mr.
Clark’s permission first.
After all, I was hired to work only on his PR affairs.
I hope you don’t mind.
”
“Oh, you are so considerate.
Go ahead, please.
” Lina sounded as willing as possible, but the reluctance on her face and her fake smile suggested otherwise.
###chapter126
“A minute, please.
Let me make a phone call.
” Stella walked aside as she spoke.
The second she turned around, Lina scowled at her.
She gritted her teeth and took in deep breaths just to suppress her anger.
Snide thoughts filled her head at this time.
What a problematic woman Stella was! Instead of agreeing to do her this simple favor, she went on about how she was Matthew’s personal PR officer and needed to ask for his permission.
It was obvious that Stella had no intentions to suck up to her.
No wonder Luna got kicked out just weeks after Stella showed up.
Stella told Matthew about the situation on phone.
“I have a meeting with a potential partner.
Since I won’t be on seat today, you can go ahead and help Lina if she needs your help.
Leave me a message if you have any questions later.
”
“Okay, Mr.
Clark.
I’ve got this covered.
Please go on with your work.
”
After getting off the phone, Stella spun around and walked up to Lina again.
She told her Matthew’s response.
“I would gladly be of help.
Just give me a call whenever you need me.
”
Stella was extra polite now.
‘s BunnyBookery
Lina’s expression returned to normal.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Prosperity Group is going to enter into the clothing industry this year.
Today, three celebrities are coming to try on some of the clothes that will be launched.
As you know, their opinion matters.
I need the PR department to be on standby to ensure nothing goes wrong.
”
She held out a list to Stella.
“Your job is to learn the preferences of the three stars and help supervise their shoots and diet.
”
Stella took the list and browsed through it quickly.
She nodded.
“Okay, got it.
”
This was a piece of cake; it was nothing new to her.
“That’s good.
” Suddenly, Lina snapped her fingers and added, “By the way, I forgot someone who should be on the list!”
“And who is that?” Stella asked.
Before Lina could respond, a sharp female voice came from the door.
Mel”
Stella turned around.
###chapter127
A gorgeous woman who had on designers and was carrying a luxury bag walked into the office.
She had a huge smile, but it was fake.
It grew wider when she stopped a meter away from Stella.
This woman was none other than Vivien.
Stella flashed Vivien a genuine smile and greeted her politely.
She wasn’t fazed or surprised by Vivien’s sudden appearance.
The last time Vivien made a fuss online and apologized, her team promised to make it up to Prosperity Group by promoting the brand ten times for free.
Today’s shoot was the start of Vivien fulfilling that promise.
Vivien turned her head and kept mute as if no one had spoken to her.
It was obvious she was going to be difficult.
However, Stella didn’t get mad.
She knew that Vivien must be trying so hard to stay calm.
After all, losing to her in that manner must have rankled her.
Lina stepped in just in time.
“Vivien, you are early.
The shoot isn’t until an hour’s time.
”
“Since I came early, let my session come first before the others,”
Vivien demanded arrogantly and put on her sunglasses.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Lina agreed without hesitation.
She raised her head and ordered Stella, “Stella, please go to the set with her team first.
I’ll come over when the others arrive.
Remember, don’t mess this up.
”
“Got it.
” Stella grabbed her handbag, walked out, and left in Vivien’s car.
In the car, Stella was well aware that Vivien didn’t like her.
To avoid clashing with her today, she took out a file about the shoot and went through it.
Her head was kept down for a long time.
The clothes that the stars would try on this time were ones she had seen before.
She wasn’t new to clothing designs, so she had a rough idea of the process it took-from the dyeing to production techniques and the Likes.
It took her minutes to read through the documents.
And when she was done, she breathed a sigh of relief and closed the file.
“hat’s between you and Matthew?” Vivien suddenly asked.
She took off her sunglasses and looked at Stella contemptuously.
With an expressionless face, Stella replied formulaically, “A work relationship.
He’s my boss and I’m his subordinate.
”
Vivien snorted, “Subordinate, my foot! Since when is a subordinate obligated to go to her boss’s house at night? What a dutiful employee you are! Is that why you moved to Prosper Bay too?”
This questions drew a frown from Stella.
###chapter128
She knew Vivien was a hard nut to crack.
She was aware of how Vivien was so obsessed with Matthew.
However, she never expected this woman to get someone to keep an eye on Matthew round the clock.
Matthew wasn’t Vivien’s.
He had a wife, for Pete’s sake.
“Have you lost your tongue?” Vivien’s eyes were filled with contempt and jealousy now.
Her latest question jarred Stella to her senses.
She didn’t want to get into it with Vivien today, so she swallowed the words that had come to the tip of her tongue.
“ALL I have ever done is do my job as an employee,” she repeated.
She took a deep breath and added for good measure, “Besides, I’m a married woman.
I hope you won’t misunderstand me anymore.
”
Hearing this, Vivien was stunned.
She put on her sunglasses again to hide her shock and embarrassment.
She wouldn’t have been so threatened if she had known Stella was married.
But married women cheat on their husbands all the time, didn’t they?
Thinking of this, Vivien grew worried again.
“How do I know your husband isn’t a cuckold and you only married him for gains? Now that you met a better man, wouldn’t you risk it all just to have him?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew was every woman’s dream.
He ticked all the boxes.
Rich? Check!
Handsome? Check! Influential? Double check!
Stella decided to play mute.
She realized that no matter what she said, Vivien would still think she was out to get Matthew.
What was the point of arguing with her then?
Vivien took Stella’s silence for acquiesce.
She mounted pressure.
“If you want to prove to me that you have nothing to do with Matthew, quit your job immediately.
”
“You are free to believe whatever you want to.
The fact remains that I have nothing to do with him asides work,” Stella explained calmly.
“As for your suggestion, I will think it over.
”
Vivien was exasperated at her perfunctory words.
###chapter129
She gritted her teeth and gave the ultimatum.
“Listen here! If you don’t resign before my patience runs out, I’ll frustrate you so much that you will have to flee from Seamarsh!”
“Thanks for the heads-up.
I’ll keep that in mind,” Stella replied with a smile.
That threat didn’t rattle her at all.
In her eyes, Vivien was just a toothless bulldog.
ALL Vivien knew how to do was bark and bark without taking a good bite of the person she was against.
After saying that, Stella lowered his head and opened the file again.
Vivien gritted her teeth in anger.
She wanted to scratch Stella’s face, but she remembered Matthew was yet to forgive her for the stunt she pulled the last time.
She was still trying to warm her way back into his heart.
So, she had to swallow her anger.
Both women didn’t speak the rest of the way.
The set for the shoot was on an empty Lawn.
By the time they arrived, it was scorching hot.
The harsh sunlight was blinding and seemed it could cook people’s skin.
Vivien yelped and frowned the second she got out of the car.
With one hand, she blocked the sunlight and with the other, she pointed at Stella and ordered, “Hey, you! Come here and hold the umbrella over my head.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Vivien’s assistant became flustered upon hearing this.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Hurrying down to hold the umbrella, she whispered to Vivien, “It’s not right to let Stella do this.
She’s a senior executive of Prosperity Group.
I’ll handle it; just leave it to me.
”
Vivien was furious.
She turned around and reprimanded her, “So you’re teaching me how to do things now? Come shoot since you’re so capable then.
”
Her assistant lowered her head, not daring to utter a word.
“Don’t forget who pays you!” Vivien warned angrily.
“My apologies,” the assistant replied in defeat.
Stella was aware that Vivien was upset and venting her anger, but she had made a promise to Matthew that she would finish the task.
“It’s fine; go do other things.
I’ll help you hold the umbrella,” she said, saving the poor assistant from being embarrassed.
She took the umbrella.
Looking at her gratefully, the assistant left, not daring to say a word.
###chapter130
Seeing the amount of kindness on Stella’s face, Vivien’s face darkened.
She stared at Stella with displeasure.
She wouldn’t be able to teach Stella a lesson directly, but at least she could pick on her work.
Picturing the things she could do, her expression softened a bit.
The shooting had gone on for two hours straight.
Once Vivien entered the filming site, she treated Stella like an assistant, asking her to do all kinds of tasks.
She was being so polite about it, that Stella couldn’t get upset.
“Could you please get me a cup of coffee? I’m a bit sleepy.
”
“The sun is so hot.
Could you please put some sunscreen on me?”
“Could you please…?”
Stella tried everything within her power to complete Vivien’s tasks.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The shooting went on in an orderly way.
Stella couldn’t see Lina and her team though.
Everything at the filming scene was done by Stella in an organized manner, all while she was wearing heels.
The shooting finally came to an end because of her.
Vivien was satisfied as she watched Stella’s tired figure.
At this moment, Lina finally came with several colleagues and the models.
After all the work she had done for three hours straight, Stella looked a little untidy.
Her makeup was a bit smudged, strands of hair were stuck to her face from all the sweat.
Lina was filled with satisfaction, but hid it as she repeatedly apologized.
“It must have been so hard for you, Stella.
I am so sorry; I got delayed by something.
Head back to the company first.
I’ll take care of the rest.
”
Without a word, Stella nodded.
“Wait…” Lina paused and was in a dilemma.
“You’re going to have to take a taxi.
The company’s car is filled with props that we need.
I’m sure the company will recompense you for the taxi fee.
”
###chapter131
Stella could do nothing but accept.
With a quick nod, she left.
Stella walked to the side of the road and waited, but there was no taxi because the filming site was isolated.
Once she relaxed her body, she felt a jolt of pain in her feet.
She was wearing a new pair of heels.
They were a bit tight and rubbing against her feet painfully.
After walking for some hours, her feet were scr@ped.
‘s BunnyBookery
Sighing, Stella cut out tissue and put it in the back of her heels.
A van suddenly stopped beside her.
The window was rolled down slowly, revealing Vivien.
She looked like she was relishing the moment.
Putting her hand on the window frame, Vivien sneered, “It’s very hard to get a taxi around here.
Shouldn’t you ask your husband to come pick you up? Oh wait, why don’t you just ask Mr.
Clark instead? I wonder if he’ll come, though.
”
Because of work, Stella had put up with Vivien.
However, she was done with work now.
She wouldn’t continue to tolerate Vivien.
If she did, she would come across as a pushover.
She opened her mouth to speak, but was interrupted by a horn.
A familiar Maybach drove towards them.
The car was parked right in front of Vivien’s car.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The back door suddenly opened.
A tall man got out of the car.
Matthew stood before them, face cold and hard, dressed in a suit.
He looked very calm and mature.
The possibility of Matthew showing up at this set never crossed Vivien’s mind.
So, she was too stunned to speak now.
When she saw that Matthew was heading towards Stella, she wasn’t having it.
She opened the door and got out of the car to follow him.
Surprised, Stella asked, “Mr.
Clark, aren’t you supposed to be in a meeting? Why are you here now?”
In the morning, Matthew sounded very busy when they spoke on the phone.
Matthew was about to answer when he spotted Vivien walking over.
He looked away and ordered Stella, “Get in the car first.
”
Stella was stunned at first, but when she sensed the displeasure in his tone, she decided against arguing with him.
She nodded and got in the car obediently.
Vivien saw Stella get in Matthew’s car.
Her eyes sparked with jealousy as bile coursed through her even more.
###chapter132
Matthew didn’t give a damn about her feelings.
She badly wanted to voice out her displeasure, but she didn’t have the guts to do so.
She just pulled a fake smile and played dumb.
“Hey, Matthew! Did you come to see me? My session is over.
How about—”
Her statement was cut off midway.
With a gloomy face, Matthew said rudely, “I’m aware of all that you did on set today.
”
The smile on Vivien’s face instantly froze.
Her face lost a little color as she stammered, “Matthew, I…I can explain…”
“Wasn’t my warning enough, Vivien Sugden?” Matthew snapped.
Vivien flinched as her face turned paler.
She lowered her head and said in an aggrieved voice, “Believe me, Matthew.
I didn’t do anything wrong.
To make it to this set today, I had to cancel many paying gigs even though this one is for free.
I have no idea who tattled to you, but it’s all a lie.
”
Her words weren’t straightforward, but it was clear she meant that Stella was lying and at fault.
Matthew asked coldly, “How long are you going to keep this up? Do I have to check the surveillance footage of the set?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Vivien’s body seized up.
She knew that the surveillance footage would show that she indeed picked on Stella today.
She went mute, lowering her head even more.
“This is my last warning to you.
Don’t even think for a second that you can act however you like just because my mother Likes you!”
Matthew said with a straight face.
“By the way, the agreement that you would model for Prosperity Group for free ten times has been canceled.
You don’t have to show up at the company again.
”
Vivien raised her head in disbelief.
Before she could utter a word, Matthew spun around and got in his car.
The car zoomed off the next second, leaving a cloud of dust and smoke in its wake.
The polluted air choked Vivien up as she remained fixed on the spot.
She coughed so hard that tears welled up in her eyes.
###chapter133
When she regained herself, she stood still and stared in the direction the car had gone.
Her face darkened and she crackled with wicked energy at this moment.
In the years she had known Matthew, he’d never told her off the way he just did.
It was as if he cast her to the side of the road like some piece of trash.
How did it come to this?
This question plagued Vivien’s mind until she arrived at a conclusion: it was all Stella’s fault.
Matthew was supposed to be hers.
And since she couldn’t get him, she would make sure no one else would.
Vivien clenched her fists, her nails digging into her flesh.
Hatred ignited a flame inside her.
In Matthew’s car, Fernando was behind the wheel as Matthew and Stella sat in the back.
There was a nerving tension in the air.
Stella stole a glance at Matthew and smiled awkwardly.
“It seems Luck is on my side today.
I failed to get a taxi, but then, you showed up.
Thanks for the ride, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew looked up at her for a few seconds and said, “Don’t mention it.
The meeting ended earlier than expected.
I stopped by to check the progress of the shoot.
That’s why I bumped into you.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
He then picked up a document and flipped through it with a straight face.
Stella nodded with understanding and said nothing.
It was all because of Matthew that Vivien was always picking on her.
He must be helping her out of guilt, not because he actually cared.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After thinking it over, Stella felt much more relaxed.
Fernando remained silent behind the wheel.
He peeked at his boss through the rearview mirror, seeing through him at a glance.
Today’s meeting was supposed to end in the evening.
But at noon, Matthew refused to let them go on break.
Instead, he quickened the process of the meeting and it ended a few hours earlier.
Fernando had thought there was an emergency.
Judging from the current situation, he realized that his boss went through all that hassle just to rush down to the set to see Stella.
Fernando knew better than to say anything about his findings.
He just kept his eyes on the road.
No one in the car spoke as the ride went on.
Stella had a long day, so she was exhausted now.
She turned her face towards the window and watched the scenery flashing past.
###chapter134
The car drove into the urban area.
It was already the evening rush hour.
Traffic on the road ahead was building up at a fast pace.
The speed of the car reduced further and further.
Finally, the car was forced to stop.
Stella’s sight stopped at a bridal shop.
In the display glass was a luxurious and retro Baroque-style wedding dress.
Its square shoulder design, crystal tassel, and petal collar made it look more nifty and agile.
Diamonds and pearls made a perfect waistline.
The skirt was about ten meters long and it was adorned by countless brilliant diamonds, making it look even more luxurious.
Stella’s eyes lit up.
In a daze, she muttered, “Wow! It’s so beautiful.
”
Matthew, who was about to flip another page of the document, stopped when he heard her words.
He raised his head and followed the line of her vision until he saw the absolutely beautiful wedding dress.
He closed the document and asked casually, “Didn’t you wear a wedding dress as beautiful as that when you got married?”
Stella was stunned for a moment.
She turned around, looked into Matthew’s eyes, and admitted frankly, “Sadly, no.
I only got a certificate at the registry.
There was no wedding ceremony.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In her mind, she added, “Hell, I don’t even know what my husband looks like.
”
Matthew was surprised.
He frowned.
Wasn’t Stella’s husband very rich? Why didn’t he throw a big wedding?
Matthew wanted to ask, but he decided he would be stepping out of line.
Stella waited for him to comment, and when he didn’t, she added, “If I ever get the chance to have a wedding ceremony, I’d like to wear a dress as beautiful as this one.
”
Stella went into a trance as soon as she finished speaking.
She imagined walking down the aisle in a beautiful wedding dress that she designed and then putting her hand on the groom’s palm.
In the presence of her family and friends, she made a vow to cherish and hold her partner till death do them part.
Suddenly, the car was started again.
A honk blared, bringing Stella back to reality.
Matthew tore his gaze from her side profile.
However, her expectant eyes lingered on his mind.
He was lost in thoughts.
An hour later, the car slowly came to a halt in front of the gate of Prosperity Group.
###chapter135
Stella opened the door and got out.
The second her feet hit the ground, her heels began to ache again.
The pain was so sharp this time.
She hissed and grabbed the car door subconsciously.
When she remembered that Matthew was close by, she braved the pain, pursed her lips, and stood by the car respectfully.
She forced a smile and looked at Matthew, who was about to get out.
Matthew paused and frowned.
After taking a look at Stella, he put his leg back in the car without a word.
Stella didn’t know what was keeping him.
She just waited by the car patiently.
Her heels were killing her at this time.
To reduce the pressure on them, she leaned against the car.
Suddenly, her phone vibrated in her bag.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She looked into the car through the window and saw that Matthew looked like he was taking his time.
As a result, she took out her phone.
It was a strange phone number.
After hesitating for a while, Stella clicked the green icon on the screen.
“Hello, Stella! How have you been?” A cheerful and kind voice came from the other end of the line before Stella could say anything.
She was stunned, to say the least.
She glanced at the number again and pondered for an indeterminate time.
In a low voice, she asked, “Pardon me, ma’am.
Are you Maverick’s grandmother?”
Stella had met Maverick’s grandparents before.
The old couple were as easygoing and kind as her grandfather was.
“Yes, it’s me,” the old woman admitted.
“Are you free now? Can we meet up to have a talk now?”
Stella tried her best to stay calm as she guessed why Maverick’s grandmother wanted to meet her.
This must be about the impending divorce.
She took a few steps forward.
Feigning ignorance, she asked softly, “May I know why?”
A sigh came from the other end of the Line.
###chapter136
With her lips pursed, Stella drew a breath and waited for her to speak.
Lucia’s pitiful voice came the next second.
“I heard you and my grandson are going to get divorced.
Actually, I want to persuade you to try and make your marriage work.
In case you don’t know, I Like you very much.
You are the perfect woman for my grandson.
I still want you as my granddaughter-in-law.
Tell me, are you really going to divorce?”
The old woman’s worried words got Stella in her feelings.
Her marriage travail was a source of worry to both her grandfather and Maverick’s grandparents.
She couldn’t imagine how tough it was for them.
After much hesitation, Stella was about to speak, but Matthew’s voice suddenly came from behind.
“Stella, why are you standing there?”
Stella turned around and hurriedly said to the phone in a hushed tone, “I have to go.
I’m currently busy at work.
Please let’s talk some other time.
”
Lucia was understanding enough not to insist.
She quickly said, “Okay, I won’t disturb you.
Talk to you later.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After she ended the call, she stared at her phone with a look of confusion.
The male voice she just heard was just like her grandson’s.
Could it be that Matthew went to talk things out with Stella? Did he want to make their marriage work?
Did he keep it a secret because he didn’t want them to interfere in his marriage?
But why was he so serious when he spoke about getting a divorce? Was it just an act? Did he try to distract them so he could have all the time to get to know his wife better?
Lucia’s thoughts made several leaps.
In the end, she was all smiles.
She couldn’t wait to meet her granddaughter-in-law and build a bond with her.
Stella put away her phone and walked to Matthew in a hurry.
She explained apologetically, “Sorry about that, Mr.
Clark.
I got a personal call, so I had to take it.
What can I do for you?”
Matthew didn’t utter a word.
He just held out some Band-Aids.
Stella stared at them, confusion clouding her mind.
As if he read her mind, Matthew glanced at her high-heeled shoes and frowned.
“Being on set requires a lot of running around.
Next time, change into some flats or low-heeled shoes.
”
Stella had a strange feeling at this moment.
It dawned on her that Matthew had taken his time in the car just because he was getting her Band-Aids.
###chapter137
“Aren’t you taking them?” Matthew frowned.
Stella took them and said, “Thank you.
”
“You’re welcome Matthew paused for a second and added, “It’s nothing.
This is just to improve your work efficiency.
”
His actions seemed like a mere kind gesture.
But when he added those last words, he sounded as if he was trying to hide something.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew sensed it too.
He looked away, put his hands into his pockets, and trotted into the building.
Stella was rooted to the spot.
She stared blankly at the Band-Aids in her hand.
Although Matthew tried to make it seem like it wasn’t a big deal, it actually was.
She couldn’t shake off the feeling that he was caring for her more than a boss should.
It appeared things would soon start spiraling out of her control.
To stop that from happening, she decided to keep a distance from Matthew when she wasn’t working.
Stella was exhausted by the time she got home that night.
As she toed off her shoes, she saw the Band-Aids on her feet.
She couldn’t wait to tell Miley all about her crappy day.
In the Living room, she met Miley seated on the sofa with her arms wrapped around herself while staring at the phone on the table.
Stella instantly got worried.
“What’s wrong? Why do you look so pale? Are you ill? Do you have work troubles?”
As she spoke, she reached out to touch Miley’s forehead.
Her temperature was normal.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’m fine.
” Miley held her hand.
“I checked your design and made an appointment with a model whom I thought would be perfect for the job.
However, she told me today that someone already hired her for the competition at a high price.
I don’t know what to do.
”
Miley looked both angry and frustrated.
Stella couldn’t help frowning at this development.
Their success in the upcoming KlassicLuxe fashion design competition was dependent on a few things; the choice of a model was one of them.
They had to get one as soon as possible, but being anxious or complaining wasn’t going to help.
Stella got her act together and comforted her friend.
“The competition isn’t happening tomorrow, is it? There are countless models.
I’m sure we will be able to find the right one for the job soon.
”
###chapter138
Miley saw reason with her and calmed down.
They began to go over a list of models, but there was a major hurdle -the deadline was too close.
All the good models already had events lined up in their schedules.
They couldn’t take up the job.
The models who were available didn’t fit.
The deliberation ended in a gridlock.
Barefooted, Miley paced back and forth in the Living room.
Stella dragged her fingers down her face out of frustration.
All of a sudden, Miley stopped in her tracks.
She stared at her friend from head to toe several times before saying, “Come to think of it! Why don’t you model our work yourself?”
Stella dismissed the idea with a wave.
“I can’t do it.
Let’s just keep looking.
I’m sure we would find someone.
”
She had no modeling experience, except for when she stepped in to model for that perfume brand.
Even the times she helped Miley at her company, it was just on a small scale.
Modeling at such a huge competition was a big deal.
Stella didn’t feel up to the task.
“Why can’t you? You are a beautiful woman with a body to die for.
Have some faith in yourself, will you?” Miley tried to gas her up.
Stella stuck to her guns.
With a shake of the head, she insisted, “The future of our online store is tied to this competition.
I don’t want to mess things up.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley’s shoulders slumped.
After sulking, she said, “Tell you what?
I’ll continue to contact some models.
If I still can’t find anyone after the sample is out, you have to try it on first.
”
After a pause, she continued, “Ella, you designed the dress.
If there’s anyone that can wear it well, it would be you.
You know that, don’t you?”
Stella’s obstinacy broke when she saw her friend’s expectant eyes.
She finally gave in.
“Fine, I’ll try it on.
”
Miley breathed a sigh of relief.
She didn’t forget to hype Stella up.
“You are going to kill it, girl!
Trust me, I have a modeling agency, so I know these things.
My track record speaks for me.
I have never chosen the wrong model for a job.
”
###chapter139
As she spoke, she took out Stella’s design drawing and waved it to her with a satisfied expression.
“I have to say that your design skills got a lot better after the private exhibition.
This design is fire.
I’ll get someone to make the sample ASAP.
” With a bright smile, Miley put her arm around Stella’s shoulder.
“I can’t wait to see you in this particular dress.
Something tells me we will take the prize home this time.
Let’s get iti”
Stella blushed at this praise.
As she stared at the design drawing on the table, she couldn’t help but imagine what the finished product would be like.
She found herself looking forward to rocking it.
If she could cooperate with KlassicLuxe, would she get the chance to meet Tobin?
Stella was so preoccupied with the preparations for the competition that it skipped her mind to call Maverick’s grandmother back.
A few days later, the first batch of the shoot for Prosperity Group’s clothing line was completed.
A huge advertisement campaign was launched thereafter.
The models involved posted pictures of them in the clothes online, drawing more attention to the new clothing line.
The launch even became a trending topic on some social media platforms.
As Stella waited for the competition samples to be out, she whipped out her phone and went online.
The words “Prosperity Group” was trending, so she clicked it without thinking twice.
She scrolled through all the posted photos while nodding with satisfaction.
It wasn’t until she got to the last one that she realized something: there were no photos of Vivien.
In fact, the clothes Vivien wore for the shoot the other day were put on another model.
Stella frowned.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She was trying to figure out what could have happened when Miley suddenly squealed with excitement, “This dress is so beautiful! Oh my God!”
Stella looked up sharply.
A dummy that had on a sample of the design she made was pushed out.
It was a pure white dress that had a perfect dr@pe.
From front to back, the cloth was irregularly cut and connected.
The hemline of the dress was brought into a slightly mopping style that made the dummy’s legs look longer than it really was.
The gradient was mixed with the hollowed-out design, which made it look crystal clear and high-end.
It created an iceberg that represented the logo of the KlassicLuxe brand.
The iceberg was formed because of the ingenious design.
It was complicated and subtle, but anyone with eyes would be able to see it.
Stella was stunned by how her design turned out.
Miley nudged her forward and said, “You did that.
Now, don’t just stand there.
Go try it on and tell us if there are any adjustments to be made.
Then, we can get on with the shoot.
”
###chapter140
Stella didn’t dare to slack off with Miley breathing down her neck.
The next few days were hectic for Stella.
During the day, she worked her ass off at Prosperity Group.
And at night, she had to shoot for the competition.
She was so burnt out that she fell sick.
She couldn’t even get out of bed one morning.
It took her a lot of courage to ask Matthew for leave via the company’s chatting platform.
Once she did that, she fell into a deep sleep.
In Prosperity Group…
Matthew had just gotten off a three-hour video conference with some business partners.
He was feeling a little tired.
As soon as he left the video chat app, he received a message from Stella.
She was sick? Was it serious?
For some reason, Matthew became worried.
He had never cared about the health of anyone asides from his family.
What was wrong with him?
Matthew stared at the screen for a while before beginning to text.
He wanted to ask about Stella’s health, but decided against it and just texted, “Okay.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Rubbing his temples, he tossed his phone aside after he had sent the message.
He was well aware of the subtle changes in the way he acted recently.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He began to pay a lot of attention to Stella.
These new innate actions were completely out of his control.
He wasn’t one to lose control of his emotions like this.
Stella was a married woman, and he hadn’t gotten a divorce yet.
Just the thought alone made him very disturbed.
His phone started ringing suddenly.
Turning his head, he looked at the screen and saw Neville’s caller ID.
A displeased look formed on his face as he answered, “What?”
Impatience was dripping from his tone.
“Why don’t you come out with me for drink? I’m here at Blue Moon Bar with Cordell,” Neville briefly said.
###chapter141
Matthew quickly agreed, needing a distraction in his mind to relieve his depression.
At Blue Moon Bar…
After Matthew arrived, he drank profusely without uttering a word.
He was about to down another bottle, when Neville finally snapped, not being able to witness the scene in front of him any longer.
‘s BunnyBookery
“You shouldn’t be drinking this much, Matthew.
You’re going to get a stomachache again,” he said as he reached out to stop Matthew.
“Cordell is here,” Matthew said, as he looked up at Neville with a blank expression.
He shoved Neville’s hand away after he had said that.
Neville and Cordell stared at each other helplessly.
They could easily tell that Matthew was in a bad mood.
Presently, the only thing that could affect his mood was the divorce.
“Matthew, how’s the divorce going? Were you able to make any progress at all?” Neville asked, concerned after observing Matthew’s every move.
“There hasn’t been any new information about it on the internet.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
You should be able to get divorced as soon as possible.
”
“She refuses to get a divorce.
She blacklisted my lawyer,” Matthew replied, downing half a glass of whisky in the process.
“What’s her problem? Why’s she so arrogant?” Neville said, his voice rising a bit out of anger.
Thinking of the attitude of that woman on the phone last time, he also felt that this was something she could do.
He had to find a way to help his friend.
“I’m going to help you solve this!” Neville promised, patting his chest triumphantly.
“Compared to you, I’m way more skilled in getting rid of women.
”
Matthew stared at him with the same blank expression in silence, and continued to drink like he hadn’t heard a word.
He had zero belief in him.
“Just watch me, in three days, I’m going to get that woman to sign the papers,” Neville said, raising three fingers.
Cordell sat on the other side of the sofa, watching the whole scene unfold.
“You’re going to be a free man once you get divorced,” he said, smiling meaningfully at Matthew.
Matthew didn’t have to be so worried about it.
After all, it was only a divorce.
Everything was all because of Stella.
It seemed Matthew might have a crush on her.
###chapter142
He recalled that Matthew had said that she was married though.
Taking another sip of his drink, Matthew said vaguely, “I hope it all turns out all right.
”
It was midnight.
Stella’s situation had gotten worse.
Miley called Oliver to inform him, after she had noticed the increase in Stella’s fever and torpor.
He arrived after a while.
His heart broke once he saw the state Stella was in.
Feeling sad and guilty, Miley said, “She woke up a while ago, so I gave her some antipyretics.
”
Oliver knew Stella had been so busy the past few days, but couldn’t do anything to relieve her of her stress.
“I’m going to take her to the hospital if it doesn’t work,” he said, looking at the antipyretics.
Stella’s phone suddenly began to vibrate.
There wasn’t any caller ID.
Miley didn’t want to disturb Stella’s sleep, but at the same time, she was worried that the call could be important.
She picked the phone and quietly went outside.
She asked politely, “Hello, good evening.
May I ask who’s speaking?”
“This is Maverick Clark’s lawyer.
” His tone was very bad.
Miley couldn’t believe it.
A frown made way to her face.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Maverick asked his lawyer to call Stella at this time of night?
The man didn’t even wait for her to speak.
“This is the last time I’m going to say this.
The divorce agreement has to be signed in three days.
”
Miley’s face darkened in anger.
How could Maverick give Stella an ultimatum?
Miley had a bad temper naturally, and now she was extra angry.
Thinking about the fact that Stella had so much work to do every day and still had to deal with Maverick’s shit made Miley so upset.
“ALL right.
What time and place?” she blurted out without thinking.
“Tomorrow morning, nine o’clock.
Seamarsh Cafe.
”
“Tell Maverick that he better not run away again!” Miley yelled into the phone.
###chapter143
She hung up, not caring if he had anything else to say.
She attempted to calm herself, but failed the more she thought about …
Maverick couldn’t speak to Stella face to face, and now he sent his lawyer to take care of it.
Was it to show off his wealth and ability?
“You okay?” Oliver asked, coming in.
He had heard her yell and was concerned.
“Stella’s bastard of a husband found a lawyer and made him call in the middle of the night just to make her sign the divorce papers in three days,” Miley answered, anger lingering in her tone.
Oliver stood there with a long face.
“They should just divorce already! It’s not like she cares about him.
”
Miley said in a very determined tone.
“We’re going to do everything within our power to help her get divorced as she’s sick.
We’re not giving that bastard the opportunity to harass her again!”
“Okay,” Oliver said, nodding his head in agreement.
Stella was sick in bed; he wasn’t going to let these little things bother her.
Meanwhile, Neville stared at the hung up phone in his hand.
He didn’t get upset; he just raised his eyebrows complacently.
Stella needed a lesson.
Was it this easy? She just willingly agreed after a little threat?
What kind of waste Lawyers had Matthew hired?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Putting away his phone, he snorted with his eyes filled with disdain.
The next day, Stella’s fever had gone down a bit, but sadly, she was still in a coma.
Miley had called Perry over because she did not want to leave Stella alone.
“Don’t worry.
I promise to take good care of her,” Perry said confidently, patting his chest.
Miley and Oliver left after giving him proper instructions on what to do and not.
A few minutes after they left, the doorbell rang.
Thinking that Miley had forgotten something behind, Perry opened the door without asking.
“Did you forget…” Perry froze on the spot once he saw the person on the other side.
Standing outside the door was a man in a suit and leather shoes.
He wore a cold and serious look on his face.
###chapter144
They stood there, staring at each other.
Matthew assumed that Perry was Stella’s husband.
He felt a bit strange.
There was no need for him to worry about her after all.
Her husband was taking care of her.
Perry recognized Matthew at a glance too.
He was shocked.
‘s BunnyBookery
“What are you doing here?”
Matthew replied, “I was in the neighborhood, so I decided to drop by to see how Stella is doing.
”
His tone was very calm.
Without thinking too much, Perry said bluntly, “She’s still down with a fever.
”
This drew a dissatisfied frown from Matthew almost immediately.
Stella had asked for sick leave yesterday because she was down with a fever.
It had already been twenty-four hours since she sent that message, but she was still sick.
What kind of a husband did she have? Did he not care about her?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A trace of anger was in Matthew’s tone as he said, “Since the fever is Lingering, it must be something serious.
Why haven’t you taken her to the hospital yet?”
Perry was rendered speechless.
He only just got here.
How could he know why Miley hadn’t sent Stella to the hospital yet? Besides, why was Matthew staring at him as if this was his fault?
Perry felt he was under fire for something that was so not his doing.
After moments of trying to stay calm, he said in a stuffy voice, just gave her some medicine.
I want to observe her condition first.
The ice in Matthew’s eyes remained the same.
His jaw was clenched.
Although he wasn’t satisfied with this answer, he knew he had no right to get short with Perry over Stella’s ill health.
“Take me to her,” he said finally.
Perry couldn’t believe his ears.
His jaw almost went slack, but when he noticed that Matthew was dead serious, he regained his composure and let him in.
Perry shrugged.
Maybe it was part of the company’s policy for Matthew to visit a sick employee.
It would be rude to shut the door in his face.
###chapter145
Also, it wasn’t in his place to turn Matthew back.
There was no harm in allowing him in, right?
Thinking of this, Perry led Matthew to Stella’s room and walked in.
The first thing Matthew saw when he got into the room was Stella lying in the bed.
Her face was red and she was frowning as if she was in pain.
He felt his heart ache for a split second.
Worry almost pushed him forward.
But on second thought, he stood rooted to the spot with his hands clenched.
The silence in the room made the situation a bit more awkward.
Perry rubbed the tip of his nose and smiled stiffly.
“Mr.
Clark, have a seat.
I’ll go get you something to drink.
”
Matthew’s eyes were glued to Stella’s face.
It was as if he didn’t hear anyone speaking to him.
Perry gave him another stiff smile before leaving the room.
Silence fell again, this time a lot more deafening than the first.
Matthew stood like a stone structure for a long time before he took a step forward.
When he got to the bedside, he bent over and touched her forehead.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She was burning up!
Stella hummed painfully with her eyes still closed.
With a frown, Matthew took back his hand.
He whipped out his phone and dialed Cordell’s number.
The line rang for a long time before it connected.
A dazed voice came.
“Hey, man! What’s up?”
“Come down to Area D of Prosper Bay right away,” Matthew ordered coldly.
Cordell became a little sober and asked, “Last I checked, that’s not where you live.
Did you move? Or is that where you kept your wife hidden?”
“Enough with the silly questions! Stella is sick.
Come here right now!”
Matthew snarled.
Without giving Cordell the chance to speak again, he hung up the phone.
He stood watching Stella for a long time before he pulled a chair closer to the bedside.
His body was stiff as he continued staring.
###chapter146
Moments later, Perry pushed the door carefully just so water wouldn’t spill from the glass in his hand.
He was about to take his first step in when his eyes fell on Matthew’s back.
Why was Stella’s boss sitting so close to her and staring without moving a muscle? Could it be that he had feelings for her?
Suspicious thoughts threaded Perry’s mind.
After much hesitation, he decided to leave.
It was daytime and although Stella was down with a fever, she hadn’t lost her tongue, so Matthew wouldn’t dare to do anything stupid.
She was safe alone with him.
Ten minutes later, Cordell arrived.
His face darkened after a simple examination of the patient.
Shoving his stethoscope into his pocket, he glared at Matthew and expressed displeasure.
“You called me all the way from the hospital this morning just to examine a patient who is down with a minor fever?”
The way Matthew spoke on the phone earlier made him believe that Stella’s life was in danger.
“Cut the crap.
” Matthew gave him a side eye and then asked, “How is she?”
Cordell packed up his doctor’s bag and answered truthfully, “It’s just a fever, not a big deal.
She has taken some medicine, so she will get better very soon.
”
Matthew was about to say something when Perry came into the room.
“Thanks for coming,” he said to Cordell.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Cordell didn’t reply.
He gave Perry a once-over.
With his head tilted a little, he smiled and shot Matthew an inquiring look.
Matthew said coldly, “Now that we know she will get better, let’s take our leave.
”
Matthew and Cordell went out of Stella’s room.
Perry saw them out.
As soon as they were meters away from the building, Cordell looked back and asked, “Is that man Stella’s husband? He is so young and handsome.
”
Matthew had a long face as he remained silent.
Cordell sidled up to him and teased, “You feel unhappy, don’t you?
Stella’s husband appears to be someone with a good temper.
He’s nothing like you who always wears a frown.
If I were Stella, I wouldn’t have thought about choosing you over—”
“Are you done now?” Matthew cut him off in a low voice.
The spark in Matthew’s eyes was enough to tell Cordell to drop the topic.
With a smile, he put his arm around Matthew’s shoulders and asked, “Where are you headed? Give me a ride.
My car has been sent for maintenance.
I came here in a taxi.
”
###chapter147
Matthew shook off his hand.
Without uttering a word, he opened the door of his car and got in.
Cordell went over to the other side.
He had just reached out to open the door when the car started.
Before he could blink, the car zoomed off, leaving him in a cloud of dust.
Cordell’s mouth dropped open in shock.
A moment later, anger set in.
He sucked his teeth.
“Tsk, tsk, tsk! That dude can no longer take a simple joke because of a woman.
”
In Seamarsh Cafe…
Miley slipped into an empty seat at the reserved table.
She looked to the side and winked at Oliver who was sitting at a table nearby.
Afterward, she kept an eye on the door, waiting patiently for Maverick to arrive.
Minutes passed before a waiter led a man towards them.
The man was wearing sunglasses, a white shirt, and black suit pants.
His style was simple, but he still Looked noble.
Neville sat down opposite her without a word, took off his sunglasses, and casually threw them on the table.
Only then did Miley get a better look at his face.
It was a sight to behold.
His eyebrows were dark and full.
He had deep-set eyes which were a contrast to his straight nose.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The picture Miley had of Maverick in her mind was a handsome man.
However, she hadn’t expected him to look this good.
So much for such a shitty person.
Neville was also sizing her up.
He found her beautiful.
If he didn’t know that she was so foul-mouthed and hot-tempered, he would have been beguiled by her.
He still couldn’t wrap his head around why Matthew’s family chose her.
Did her looks deceive them?
Miley spoke up first.
“You are Maverick Clark, right? You came with the divorce agreement, didn’t you?”
Hearing this, Neville snorted inwardly.
How arrogant!
###chapter148
He had another negative impression of this woman in front of him.
Neville took out the prepared divorce agreement and threw it on the table rudely.
A wave of pique rushed through Miley.
She had to bite her tongue to keep the scathing remark she so wanted to spit out.
She needed to get this divorce over and done with for Stella.
She picked up the agreement and read through it carefully a few times.
Her face was twisted in a frown when she finally looked up at the man opposite her.
“Why didn’t you include how the property will be divided?”
A hint of contempt flashed across Neville’s eyes.
What a gold-digger! She wanted to reap where she did not sow.
He explained casually, “We never had feelings for each other nor lived together at any point.
You don’t deserve to get a penny from me.
In fact, you have to pay me the sum of one million dollars for emotional damage.
”
“What? I have to pay you one million for emotional damage? Is this some kind of a joke?” Miley pounded the table in fury.
Before coming here, she had gone over possible ways this meeting could go.
Getting asked to pay such a whopping amount had never crossed her mind.
Miley had never met someone this shameless.
Her shout just now had attracted the attention of those present in the cafe.
When she got stares from all directions, she took a deep breath just to calm down.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She flashed him a frozen smile and asked, “If you are going to demand compensation from me, you should at least make my offense clear.
What exactly did I do to cause this emotional damage?”
Neville bared his teeth at her before scoffing bitterly.
“We both know what you did, so there’s no point saying it out loud.
One million seems to be a lot of money to you.
Not to worry, I’ll have mercy on you.
Just sign this agreement and pay me five hundred thousand.
You can afford that, can’t you?”
Miley was so furious that her temples throbbed to the point of pain.
How did Stella get so unlucky? It was bad enough that Stella ended up with this jerk.
Now, he was demanding money from her.
Miley couldn’t take it anymore.
In a flash, she picked up the glass of water and splashed it on Neville’s face.
She yelled, “I won’t divorce you unless you apologize to me sincerely and compensate me for the emotional stress you put me through!”
The splash of water blinded Neville momentarily.
After sitting frozen for a few seconds, he wiped his face and was about to yell out all kinds of profanities.
However, he fell back to the chair after someone pushed him down.
###chapter149
“f@ck!” Neville couldn’t help cursing.
When he came to his senses, he saw a man holding the hand of “Stella” and pulling her out of the cafe.
Neville’s face darkened.
She even brought her lover here to witness them talking about the divorce.
The nerve of her!
‘s BunnyBookery
Neville had never been humiliated like this in his entire life.
After a walk of shame out of the cafe, his nose was flaring as he drove straight to Prosperity Group.
In Prosperity Group…
Matthew was in such a bad mood that he couldn’t bring himself to get some work done.
Suddenly, the doorknob rattled and the door was pushed open.
Neville stormed in Like one big angry ogre.
“What happened to you?” Matthew asked, frowning at the disheveled appearance of his friend.
“The shit pissed me off for real.
Argh!” Neville’s face was so red that one would have thought it was painted.
“What kind of woman did you get married to? She’s so uncouth, arrogant, and annoying!”
The frown on Matthew’s face deepened.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Can you believe that as soon as I brought up the topic of divorce, the first thing she asked me was how the property would be shared?
The way I see it, she only married you for your money.
It all makes sense now.
After all, which decent woman would have married someone she barely knew? What’s a gold-digger!” Neville commented with his mouth twisted in disgust.
Matthew remained silent, but his face darkened even more.
Neville went on to exaggerate what “Stella” did at their meeting.
“I told her there would be no property division and that she had to pay just five hundred thousand for emotional damage.
She flared up immediately.
She said she wouldn’t divorce unless you apologize to her.
Afterward, she splashed water on me, joined hands with her lover to push me, and then ran away with him.
I wish I could have done more, but my hands were tied.
”
His tone was full of regret.
If he had known earlier that she came with her lover, he would have beaten that shameless man up first to get revenge for his friend, Matthew.
Matthew looked like he was about to pop a vein at this moment.
He didn’t expect his wife to be so unreasonable.
###chapter150
The nerve of her to show up with her lover and then still try to play the victim!
Matthew sneered, his eyes full of sarcasm.
He looked at Neville and said, “I don’t want a penny from her.
Just get her to sign the divorce papers.
If she refuses, I’ll drag her to court.
”
Meanwhile, Miley and Oliver returned to the former’s home.
They stood outside Stella’s bedroom and inquired about her current condition.
“Has she gotten any better?” Miley asked with concern.
“Yeah, she’s no longer burning up.
” After that response, Perry snapped his fingers and added, “Oh, that reminds me! Her boss stopped by to see her.
”
Miley was shocked.
“What? Matthew was here?”
Perry nodded.
“He also invited a doctor to check on her.
According to the doctor, Stella’s illness is not that serious and she would get better very soon.
”
Hearing this, Miley breathed a sigh of relief and clasped her hand as her eyes became dreamy.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Oh, my! Matthew is heaven-sent.
Ella is so lucky to have such a kind boss.
”
Her mind went to Maverick as she spoke.
That man was the worst of men in her books.
She detested him because he wasn’t half as good as Stella’s boss.
What was the point of having a husband if he was going to be so useless?
“Boss…” Perry called Miley softly.
He wanted to say something but stopped on a second thought.
Miley returned from the clouds and asked, “What’s wrong?”
Perry scratched the back of his head for a while.
Then he blurted out, “I think Matthew has feelings for Stella.
”
Miley kept her facial features schooled as she raised her chin.
“Why do you think so?”
“I left the two of them alone in the room to go get Matthew a glass of water.
When I returned, I saw him doing all sorts of caring things, like checking her temperature, tucking her in, staring at her face, controlling the humidifier, just to mention a few.
” Perry relayed what he witnessed and then asked, “That’s not how all bosses behave to their employees, right?”
Miley’s eyes lit up.
###chapter151
She rubbed her chin and thought for a moment before muttering, “Maybe you are right.
”
Oliver piped up to point out a fact.
“Come on, guys.
Have you forgotten that Matthew is a married man?”
Miley’s smile faded away instantly.
Perry snapped his fingers.
“But not for long.
He’s getting divorced soon, right? I think I saw the news online.
It caused quite a stir.
”
Miley thought for a moment and said slowly, “Men are not straightforward, so we can’t really say if he’s getting a divorce or not.
”
At this moment, a cough came from the room.
ALL three of them went silent as they exchanged shocked looks.
Stella said in a weak voice, “Miley…”
Stella was struggling to sit up.
When Miley walked in and saw the situation, she ran forward to give her a hand.
“Would you like some water?” Miley asked in a low voice, but she had already reached out to pick up the glass of water on the nightstand.
Stella nodded and held Miley’s hand as she drank from the glass.
The warm liquid eased the soreness of her throat and also made her more conscious.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After taking a deep breath, she looked at Miley and asked in a hoarse voice, “How long was I asleep for?”
“Almost twenty-four hours.
” Miley put the glass back and said sadly, “You broke down after working your ass off day in, day out recently.
The fever started last night.
”
Stella subconsciously raised her hand to touch her forehead, but Miley had already checked her body temperature.
“Your fever has gone down, so you are good.
You just need to take a good rest,” Miley said in a relaxed tone.
She snapped her fingers suddenly.
“Oh, by the way, your boss came by to see you this morning.
”
She wanted to tell her what Perry saw and the conclusion they had arrived at.
But on second thought, she kept mute.
Stella grew worried about work.
Were things going on well over there?
###chapter152
What if something came up and her attention was needed?
She looked around and asked, “Where is my phone?”
Miley remembered that she threw Stella’s phone on the dressing table casually after answering a call the night before.
“Let me get it for you,” she said, standing up from the edge of the bed.
Once the phone was handed to her, Stella checked for any new messages.
There was one from Matthew.
It was just one sentence.
“Okay, have a good rest.
”
Realizing that there was no cause for alarm, Stella was finally able to breathe freely.
She put the phone aside and lay down again.
Miley watched her for a few seconds.
When she sensed that Stella was in a better mood, she muttered warily, “Actually… I went to a cafe to meet Maverick today.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Wihat?” Shocked, Stella sat up again.
“Did you meet him? What happened? Tell me how it went!”
“Calm down.
” Miley made her chill out first before telling her all that happened.
“I’m sorry for getting all up in your business.
But I just couldn’t take it anymore.
I had to do something to get revenge for you.
”
After apologizing, Miley moved on to berating Maverick, “I never expected that jerk to make such an outrageous demand.
I was so pissed!”
Hearing that, Stella calmed down.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She gave Miley’s hand a squeeze and said with a smile, “I don’t blame you.
Thanks for trying to help, but I’m sure not going to pay Maverick for emotional damage.
”
Giving in to that outrageous demand would mean that she was in the wrong, and she wasn’t! It was actually the other way round as far as she was concerned.
Just as she was sucking her teeth, her phone buzzed.
It was a message from Maverick.
Stella frowned and clicked on it.
“I can waive the compensation for emotional damage.
”
Stella read it indifferently.
His waiver was going to save her a lot of trouble.
Thank goodness he used his brain for once! Stella was already sick and tired of this discussion.
It was high time she got this divorce over and done with.
That was the only way they could move on with their lives instead of being pathetic.
At the thought of this, Stella typed a response.
###chapter153
“Okay, I’m gonna communicate the date and time for us to meet soon.
I’ll sign the divorce agreement then.
”
Back in Prosperity Group, Matthew was relieved after reading Stella’s response.
Neville leaned over and had a look.
“What!” His eyes widened as he complained, “This woman is such a good actress.
How can she behave so unproblematic when she humiliated me less than an hour ago? Or is she bipolar?”
Matthew turned his phone on the desk.
Glancing at his friend, he said, “That’s enough for today, man.
How about you go get changed?
You look a mess.
”
Neville slicked his wet hair back, lowered his head, and looked at his shirt.
The upper part was still wet.
He cursed and left in a hurry.
The door was shut again.
After withdrawing his gaze, Matthew picked up his phone and read the message again with an indescribable glint in his eyes.
There was a knock on the door.
Matthew came back to his senses and said, “Come in.
”
Fernando pushed the door open, walked in, and held out an envelope.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Louis Perkins of Perkins Group is throwing a charity dinner party.
”
“Put it down and tell them I’ll be attending,” Matthew said Lightly, an elbow propped on his desk.
He picked up the invitation and read it carefully.
Louis was one of Prosperity Group’s biggest potential investors.
The last time he met Louis, they discussed joining forces.
A cooperation with Perkins Group would be beneficial to Prosperity Group in no small measure.
Matthew had to honor this invitation.
Stella was feeling a lot better after having a good night’s rest.
She woke up at the sound of her alarm the next morning.
She took a bath and got dressed for work.
Downstairs, Miley frowned as soon as she saw her all dressed up.
“Don’t tell me you are going to work!”
###chapter154
Stella nodded.
“I’m much better now.
Besides, I only asked for a day off.
”
Miley frowned even more and said with dissatisfaction, “Your boss came here yesterday, so he’s aware that you were down.
You can stay home for a few more days.
Prosperity Group won’t crumble in your absence.
”
“But I’m fine now.
Something tells me there’s already a lot of work waiting at my desk.
”
Irrespective of what Stella said, Miley wasn’t having any of it.
She stood in her friend’s way with her hands akimbo.
At last, Stella had to promise again, “Tell you what.
I won’t overwork myself again.
If I feel the slightest bit of discomfort at work, I’ll abandon everything and come back home to have a good rest.
Sounds good, right?”
Miley looked at her helplessly, sighed and said, “Fine! Remember to eat and take your medicine on time.
”
Stella nodded repeatedly at the series of instructions.
After breakfast, she took the morning dose of her medicine and left for work with Miley seeing her off like a doting mother.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella was on her way to the elevator when she saw Matthew step out of it with both hands in his pockets.
“Good morning, Mr.
Clark!” She greeted him with a smile.
Matthew frowned.
“Why are you back to work? Aren’t you supposed to be recuperating?”
Shaking her head, she replied with a smile, “I’m good now.
As fit as a fiddle!”
One of Matthew’s eyebrows was raised as he stared at her without saying another word.
Thinking of what happened yesterday, Stella said, “Thank you for checking on me.
”
“You’re welcome,” Matthew said indifferently.
“If you don’t feel up to it later, just tell me so you can go home to rest.
”
“Okay.
” Stella nodded.
“Do you have any plans today? Can I be of help to you in any way?”
Matthew looked down at her and said, “An investor is throwing a ball, and I’ll be attending.
For now, I don’t need your help.
”
Stella nodded.
Matthew added, “You can help Lina with the follow-up affairs for the clothing Line shoot today.
”
###chapter155
“Okay,” agreed Stella.
A second later, she had a bad feeling as she thought about Lina.
She was having a hard time telling what was on Lina’s mind.
The woman was so hard to read.
In particular, she couldn’t shake off the feeling that Lina had something against her.
This was because Lina had sent her alone to the shooting location the last time.
She had to run around for hours.
It wasn’t until the shoot was almost over that Lina finally showed up with the team.
Dread filled Stella as she thought about going through such stress again.
‘s BunnyBookery
She wanted out, but since Matthew was the one who told her to lend Lina a hand, she had to agree.
In Seamarsh Hotel…
The large banquet hall was full of life.
As soon as Matthew walked in, he spotted Louis chatting with Charlene from a distance.
His guard went up at the sight of her.
It hadn’t occurred to him that she would be here.
Walking forward, he took a glass of champagne from a passing waiter’s tray and greeted Louis.
“Evening, Mr.
Perkins.
What a beautiful party you have got here.
”
“Thank you.
Glad you could make it.
”
The two clinked glasses politely.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew took a sip of the champagne before turning to Charlene.
He nodded and muttered, “Aunt.
”
Compared to his enthusiasm towards Louis, his attitude towards Charlene was relatively cold.
Charlene flashed a fake smile.
“Long time no see.
I have been so busy that it feels like years since I last saw you.
But I heard your wife is back in town.
This is a party.
Why didn’t you bring her as your date?”
Matthew was expressionless.
Charlene asked worriedly, “Did you guys have another fight? Why haven’t you made up yet? I saw the news that you were getting a divorce on the Internet.
Your marriage doesn’t have to end.
Women love romantic men.
You can’t treat your wife like you treat your employees.
You must be understanding.
That solves many marital problems.
”
Louis chipped in with a frown, “You are getting a divorce? What could have happened?”
Everyone in the business industry knew that Louis attached great importance to his family.
Before he worked with anyone, he did a background check on the person to make sure all was well at home.
###chapter156
This was why Charlene brought up Matthew’s failing marriage in Louis’ presence.
Matthew said coldly, “The rumor about my supposed divorce was rectified long ago.
”
Charlene smirked and asked, “Is that so? It must have skipped my attention.
Strange!”
Matthew looked at Louis and explained, “My wife was supposed to accompany me here today, but she came down with a fever.
She’s currently resting at home.
Next time, I’ll bring her along.
”
Louis’ smile returned as he nodded.
“Fever is such a spoilsport.
Your wife needs the rest.
Anyway, we should do dinner sometime.
Bring your wife along.
I’d love to meet the excellent woman who managed to put a ring on the most eligible bachelor ever known in the city.
”
“That will be great,” Matthew readily agreed.
Louis raised his glass and nodded.
“Excuse me, I’d like to go entertain the others.
Enjoy the rest of your evening.
”
Matthew nodded.
Charlene grew bored and walked away.
‘s BunnyBookery
Louis invited a lot of celebrities to this party.
Katy Padilla, a famous violinist, was one of them.
Since Matthew stepped into the hall, Katy had gotten her eyes on him.
She had something for him for the longest time.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She only attended this party because she heard Matthew was going to be here.
When she saw Matthew heading for the dining area to get a refill of his glass, she seized the opportunity to step forward.
Katy smiled gently at him with a trace of shyness on her face.
She held out her hand.
“Hello, my name is Katy Padilla.
I’ve heard a lot about you.
It’s a pleasure to finally meet you, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew glanced at her hand and then looked away instead of taking it.
A little disappointed with his indifference, she withdrew her hand.
She tried to keep the smile on her face anyway.
“I’ll be holding a cello concerto here in Seamarsh next week.
Would you like to attend?” she asked softly.
“No, I’ll be on a business trip next week,” Matthew replied perfunctorily.
Katy’s expression froze, but she was unwilling to give up.
###chapter157
She kept a smile and uttered, “Don’t you want to know the exact date of the concert before making a decision?”
In her opinion, there was no way he was going to be on this so-called business trip for the whole week.
Matthew’s patience ran out.
She was annoyingly persistent!
He frowned slightly.
“If you insist, then I’ll have my wife attend the concert in my place.
She loves music.
”
Katy’s face instantly fell.
Her concert tickets were worth more than gold.
Every lover of music would jump at this offer, but here Matthew was, refusing her coldly.
There was a long line of men who wanted to date her ever since she became popular.
No one had ever treated her coldly.
In contrast, Matthew not only turned her down, but also offered to send his wife to her concert.
ALL kinds of negative emotions filled Katy’s heart.
It ached so much that tears soon brimmed in her eyes.
Much to her dismay, Matthew didn’t spare her another glance.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He picked up a glass of champagne and said, “The choice is yours.
Now, if you will excuse me…”
He walked out on her the next second.
Katy’s lips quivered and the makeup on her face cracked as she frowned deeply.
Disappointment triumphed over all other emotions she was feeling.
Rumor had it that Matthew was getting a divorce soon.
Katy thought this was finally her chance to get the man she had always had eyes for.
She gave him the green light just now.
Why did he shut her down without hesitation?
A few steps away, Charlene, who had been standing in the shadows, heard their conversation just now.
Her eyes narrowed as she smiled mischievously.
How could Matthew pretend to love his wife in front of others?
She sneered, “Matthew! Let’s see how long you will be able to keep up with this lie.
You’ll hear from me very soon.
”
At Prosperity Group…
Stella was busy tidying up her work when someone lightly hit the desk to get her attention.
Raising her head, she saw Lina standing before her.
“Is there anything you need?” she asked with a smile.
###chapter158
“I apologize for taking up more of your time,” Lina said politely.
Stella was silent, waiting on Lina to continue.
Lina looked helpless and rather guilty as she said, “I just got a task last minute.
Shane Acosta, the superstar, just entrusted our company to plan a small party for him.
I have a lot of things I’m still working on right now, though.
I need your help with this.
”
Stella couldn’t refuse.
After all, it was business in discussion.
“I’l try to finish it as soon as possible,” she said, slightly nodding.
“Thank you so much.
” Upon saying that, Lina turned around and walked away.
After some seconds, Stella went online to search for any information she could find about Shane.
After a short while, the shrill ring of the landline phone blared in Stella’s ears.
Still reading the materials, Stella answered the phone, cupping it against her ear with her shoulder.
“Hello, you’ve reached the public relations department of Prosperity Group.
How can I help you?”
“Hello, this is Seamarsh Hotel.
It appears Mr.
Matthew Clark is drunk.
He asked for Stella Anderson to be contacted to pick him up.
”
Upon hearing this information, Stella was taken aback.
She remembered that the last time Matthew was drunk, which was when he was on a business trip in Highwyn, he had a terrible stomachache.
“I see.
Please take care of him for now.
I’ll arrive shortly,”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella answered in a hurry, hanging up the phone.
Stella took the stomach medicine from her drawer and put it in her bag.
She quickly sent Lina a message to explain the whole situation.
After that was done, she immediately took a taxi to the Seamarsh Hotel.
Half an hour later, she finally arrived and got out of the car.
As she walked in, a waiter walked up to her.
“Excuse me, do you know where I can find Mr.
Clark of Prosperity Group?” she hurriedly asked.
“Allow me to show you the way.
He wasn’t feeling well so we took him to one of the rooms,” the waiter replied.
“Okay, Thank you,” Stella murmured.
Worried about Matthew, Stella didn’t pay much attention to other things, trailing close behind the waiter who took the elevator upstairs.
###chapter159
Eventually, Stella found herself standing in front of Room 666.
The waiter came to a halt.
“Mr.
Clark is waiting inside, he said, as he pushed the door open.
He stood aside.
Stella showed her gratitude and walked in.
The room was dimly lit.
“Mr.
Clark?” she called gently, as she slowly walked further inside.
Silence.
There was not a single sound.
Stella frowned, having a bad feeling about it all.
She turned around to leave to question the waiter.
As if on cue, the door was slammed shut and Locked Stella turned around nervously.
She attempted opening the door but soon found out that it had been locked.
“Is someone there? Hello? Are you still here? Could you please open the door?” She began to yell and bang on the door.
No one responded.
It then dawned on her that she had fallen victim of someone’s trap.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
On the other side of the door, the waiter smiled successfully.
He took his phone out and called Charlene.
“It’s done.
Rest assured.
He was drugged with a very strong substance.
In another half hour, they will be having wild s@x.
”
“Perfect,” Charlene said, as she hung up filled with satisfaction.
She was surely going to disgrace Matthew this time around.
Stella called for help several times, but no one responded.
She took a deep breath to calm down.
When she whipped out her phone to make a call, she was dismayed to find that there was no reception in this room.
The thought of how she ended up in this room after entering the hotel gave her a bad feeling.
She cautiously moved inside and whispered, “Mr.
Clark…”
The only source of lighting in the dark room was the lamp on the nightstand.
###chapter160
Under the dim light, she saw a man on the bed.
It was Matthew.
He looked nothing like the serious man who always stood tall and moved with regal grace.
Now, his suit jacket was scattered aside and his tie was hanging loose.
The first two buttons of his shirt were undone, revealing his Adam’s apple, s@xy collarbone, and a part of his chest.
There were beads of sweat on his forehead.
His long gasps sounded almost like moans.
Stella couldn’t help feeling embarrassed.
She thought he was down with a stomachache again, so she rushed forward.
“Mr.
Clark, please open your eyes.
” Stella stretched out her hand for him to hold on to while she helped him up.
“ARE”
She suddenly screamed.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew grabbed her hand and pulled her into bed in a split second.
Now, his arms were wrapped around her waist and his weight was pressing her into the soft bed.
Stella’s eyes widened like never before as she stared at his handsome face.
His breath was so hot that she feared it would melt her face into oblivion.
Stella struggled as much as she could.
“Mr.
Clark, open your eyes.
It’s me, Stella.
Why are you doing this to me?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
At the sound of that voice, Matthew’s eyelids peeled open.
The sight of her face brought him closer to his senses.
Matthew gritted his teeth to keep sober.
This helped very little.
Now, it was as if his entire body was on fire.
Matthew clenched his fists tightly.
Blue veins protruded at the back of his hands and his knuckles hurt.
He wasn’t quite sure what was happening to him, but he suspected that Charlene had a hand in this.
“Mr.
Clark? Are you okay? Can you let me go now?” Stella slapped his chest, trying to get him to let go.
The intimate position they were currently in was too risky.
Stella’s touch didn’t help matters.
Matthew trembled as the effects of the medicine drove him to hold onto her tighter.
When Stella saw the spark in his bloodshot eyes, her heart began to thump against her chest.
Something told her that all wasn’t well with Matthew.
It seemed that he had been drugged.
###chapter161
Stella grabbed his wrist and tried to get rid of his big hand on her waist.
“Take a deep breath, Mr.
Clark.
Look at me.
I’m Stella!
Please!
She emphasized again and again.
Matthew’s breathing got heavier and heavier.
A warm sensation traveled to his groin as he stared at the woman who was pressed under him.
Matthew had always considered himself a man with strong self-control.
But now, it seemed that Stella was his defense wrecker.
She broke all his defenses without even trying.
He wanted to touch her in ways he couldn’t even put into words.
Heat was surging through every inch of his body.
Just as he leaned in closer, his brain reminded him that this woman was his employee.
His married employee at that!
No, no! This wasn’t right.
He must stay away from her!
A voice screamed in Matthew’s head.
With every bit of restraint he could muster, he backed away from her and roared, “Get out! Stay away from me!”
Stella got out of the bed, but didn’t stay away.
She grabbed his arm with both hands and said, “Let’s get you out of here, okay?”
There was a high probability that whoever drugged Matthew had something else up their sleeves.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It would be impossible for them to explain themselves if someone barged in here and saw them together.
Stella tried to pull him up, but he didn’t move an inch.
With her waist aching a little, she grew even more anxious.
“We need to get out of here ASAP.
”
The coldness of Stella’s palm against Matthew’s arm ignited the desire he was trying so hard to suppress.
Matthew had a thing for Stella.
He just tried to tell himself otherwise before now.
Under the influence of the aphrodisiac, he was about to lose his mind.
He balled his hand into a fist and shook off her hand.
“Didn’t you hear me? Get out! Now!”
Startled, Stella staggered backward.
Matthew ransacked the nightstand.
Once he got his hand on a pen, he dug the sharp tip into his arm and dragged it.
###chapter162
A metallic scent was in the air seconds later.
Blood was oozing out of a cut in Matthew’s arm.
He shook his head and gasped.
His mind was still hazy.
He gritted his teeth and scratched again.
He acted with so much quickness that Stella couldn’t stop him on both occasions.
“Mr.
Clark!” she shouted, her eyes many sizes wider than normal.
Due to the pain, Matthew temporarily calmed down.
“Leave quickly!” he urged again, his voice coming out husky.
“We’re locked in the room,” Stella said, feeling hopeless as tears threatened to spew from her eyes.
Matthew’s eyes darkened.
Charlene had drugged him and dragged Stella into it.
She wanted him to lose control and r@pe Stella so the cooperation between Prosperity Group and Perkins Group would be destroyed.
She was inhuman.
‘s BunnyBookery
Despite being anxious, Stella tried to remain calm and level-headed.
She was well aware of how bad the situation they were in looked.
If anyone was to walk in on them just being in the same room, different rumors would spread on the gossip magazines.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In her best attempt to calm down, Stella took a few deep breaths.
She needed to quickly think of a solution so Matthew and Prosperity Group wouldn’t fall into crisis.
“There has to be some other way, Stella said affirmatively, as if she was dead set on it.
She looked around the room, searching until she saw the balcony and got an idea.
“Hold on.
I’ll be back.
” She hurriedly ran to the balcony.
They were in a room that had another room’s balcony on either side of it.
Turning to the two rooms, she shouted, “Is anyone there? Can anyone hear me? If you can, could you please open the door for me? I’m locked in.
”
No one responded.
The lights in the two rooms were all off.
It seemed like no one was staying in them.
She looked down at the floor in defeat.
Their room was on the sixth floor.
Jumping down would be a very stupid idea.
###chapter163
Beads of sweat rolled down her forehead.
She carefully observed the surroundings once again.
There was a small distance between the balconies.
It was about a meter long.
Climbing over to the other room wouldn’t be so difficult.
That was the only other option; she couldn’t just sit in the room and do nothing.
Gritting her teeth, Stella came up with a plan.
“I’m going to get us out of here, just rest up.
I’ll be back,” she assured Matthew.
Turning around, she was about to leave when her wrist was grabbed, stopping her in her tracks.
She turned back.
Matthew flicked his eyes open and stared at her with an unreadable expression.
“What are you planning on doing?”
“I found a way we could leave.
” After answering, she removed herself from his grip.
She snatched off the bed sheet and tore it to pieces.
The crisp hissing sound echoed in the room.
Stella began to tie the cloth to her body.
Once done, she made a rope out of it.
After making sure everything was set, she walked off to the balcony again.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Figuring out what she was trying to do, Matthew ordered, “Come back here, Stella!”
Stella came to a stop.
“I’ll be fine; don’t worry,” she said in a serious tone, as she turned around to look at him.
Staring at her, he said again, “No.
You don’t need to do that.
”
“As your employee, I’m responsible for you.
The situation is only going to become worse if we delay any further.
” Stella could not dare to delay anymore.
“I’ll find someone to open the door once I’m out.
I promise.
”
Then, she turned around to leave the room.
Standing carefully against the wall, Stella tied the cloth to the balustrade of the balcony.
Although she was determined, her legs still shook as she climbed.
In an attempt to comfort herself, she patted her chest and said, “You can do this.
There isn’t any other way out.
Just go!”
###chapter164
Gritting her teeth, she closed her eyes and jumped.
“Ouch…”
Stella was able to jump onto the next balcony successfully.
She stayed still on the floor, placing her hand on her chest over her beating heart.
She began to feel the sensation of landing a few seconds later.
She immediately calmed herself and began to stand up, but felt a sharp pain in her ankle.
She had sprained it.
She let out a gasp of pain, tears threatening to spill.
She gathered herself, knowing she had no time to consider these things.
Taking two very deep breaths, she walked in slowly, Leaning on the wall for support.
Taking out her phone, she dialed Fernando’s number.
The call finally went through and Fernando’s puzzled voice was heard on the other end.
“Stella?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella calmly explained the whole situation, wasting no time.
“Mr.
Clark is still here in Room 666.
Send people quickly please.
I’ll go open the door.
”
“Got it!”
Stella hung up, but when she was about to leave, she heard multiple footsteps and whispers from the other side of the door.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella immediately became alert.
Looking through the small peephole on the door, she saw a group of cleaners outside.
She frowned, guessing that they might be paparazzi who came to take photos of Matthew.
How could they have come so quickly?
Stella still had some fear left from the last event, but thankfully, she ran here quickly.
If not, the aftermath would have been unimaginable.
However, Matthew’s situation was not great either.
Stella began to get anxious.
She prayed to God that Fernando would arrive as soon as possible.
In the hotel’s corridor, voices could be heard.
“This is the room! Open the door!”
###chapter165
The door was opened in one push.
The paparazzi rushed into the room.
They began to take pictures of the room.
After a few seconds, they all stopped and glanced at one another.
“Well? What happened?”
Only Matthew lay on the bed.
No woman was in the room, talk less of any so-called nude scenes.
The paparazzi were stupefied.
They were considering what to do when footsteps were heard behind them.
With an expressionless face, Fernando ordered the bodyguards, “Arrest them all! None of them should escape!”
Matthew was taken to the car.
Stella had bought some medicine, alcohol and cotton.
“Please assist Mr.
Clark with his injury.
I’ll go clean up the mess,”
Fernando said to her, standing outside the car.
“Of course,” Stella responded.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Walking back to the car, she entered and gently closed the door.
“Let me help you with your wound, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew looked up at her, not uttering a word.
Stella gently lifted his sleeves and rolled it up properly.
Her eyes widened in shock once she got a good look of the wound.
It was very deep and long.
It looked awfully painful.
Stella felt sorry for him but kept calm.
“This may be slightly painful.
Please just bear it.
”
Matthew nodded.
His face showing no sign of concern.
Dipping the cotton swab into the alcohol, Stella began to disinfect the wound as carefully as she could.
He made a very low grunt as the swab touched the wound.
He stared down on the floor.
###chapter166
Stella tried to dodge his eyes as she cleaned.
Her hands were stained with blood.
She was trying her very best to keep calm.
“Are you okay?” Matthew asked, in a very hoarse voice.
Stella was caught off guard, but she shook her head and admitted honestly, “No, not really.
”
She paused, then added, “However, I can’t leave you.
You’re my boss.
”
“Were you hurt?” Matthew asked, pressing his lips together.
“No.
My ankle just hurts a bit,” Stella said, shaking her head.
“Don’t forget to ice it when you return home,” Matthew said breezily.
They fell into silence.
When Matthew looked at the frightened but determined look on Stella’s face as she cleaned his wound, the drug medicine began to affect him again.
An inexplicable heat was surging through his body.
He suppressed the heat and grabbed the swab from her.
“I’m okay now.
You can leave, I’ll apply the rest myself.
”
Stella was shocked by his sudden change in attitude.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She opened her mouth to , but was interrupted by him.
“It’s not your responsibility to deal with my wound.
You’re just an employee.
”
Stella was dazed a while before slowly withdrawing her hand.
Matthew was right.
It was her job to deal with the company’s PR crisis since she was his personal PR assistant.
She successfully prevented the crisis today, and that was all she had to do.
Staying to treat his wound was beyond her duty.
Seeing as Matthew could treat himself on his own, she decided he would be fine.
Stella nodded, forcing a smile.
“Okay, Mr.
Clark.
Rest well, I’ll head back now.
”
Opening the door, she was about to leave when she heard Matthew’s low and husky voice behind her.
“Inform Fernando to come back immediately.
”
###chapter167
“Okay,” Stella replied, getting out of the car.
Fernando rushed over quickly upon receiving Stella’s message just a minute later.
Matthew lay in the back seat of the car, his eyes closed and eyebrows furrowed, a look of pain present on his face.
His arm had been bandaged.
“Shall I send you to the hospital, Mr.
Clark?” Fernando asked in a hushed tone.
He had to stay back to deal with things in the hotel.
“Yes,” Matthew snorted, albeit muffled.
Fernando, after getting permission, immediately called in a bodyguard.
“Take Mr.
Clark to the hospital safely.
Inform me if anything happens,” he ordered.
“Yes, sir!”
In a few seconds, the car exited Seamarsh Hotel.
Turning around, Fernando walked back to the hotel.
In the hotel room, Fernando walked in and took a seat, looking down at the group of people on the floor.
The paparazzi and waiter who led Stella upstairs were all tied up.
Their eyes were full of horror, but they dared not to utter a word.
Fernando suddenly raised his hand.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
On cue, the bodyguard silently placed a document in his hand.
Fernando casually opened it, his deep voice reverberating in the enclosed area clearly.
“Leland Vance, from Juline Magazine, once served as the editor-in-chief of Amper Magazine, was dismissed three years ago due to charges of harassment from subordinates…”
“Kane Cohen, journalist from Harmonious Magazine, found himself burdened with an enormous debt of one million dollars due to his unfortunate gambling habit…”
“Theo Payne, a dedicated journalist from Jazimine Magazine, is currently navigating the difficult process of divorce as a result of domestic violence.
Fernando read their backgrounds out to them.
Each man’s expression changed dramatically, their eyes widening to a scientifically impossible extent when they heard their names being called.
They didn’t expect that their secrets would be laid out bare.
###chapter168
Fernando slammed the file shut as soon as the last name was called.
“Tell me! Who ordered you to do this?” He watched them coldly.
Everyone seemed shocked and clearly trembled, but none said anything, opting to grit their teeth instead.
“You won’t speak?” Fernando sneered.
“If you don’t tell me today, none of you leave this room.
Bring the glue here.
”
Each bodyguard walked over with a bottle of glue.
“Feed them.
Since they don’t want to talk to me now, they should never talk again.
” Fernando’s eyes sharpened.
Everyone’s face was filled with fear.
The bodyguards stepped forward, pretending to feed them with glue.
Everyone struggled desperately in response, begging for mercy.
“No Please don’t make me drink that! I was wrong…”
“Forgive me, please…”
“I will never do that again.
Please don’t… I promise you…”
“Stop! I’ll tell you!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Finally, someone gave in.
“Stop!” Fernando ordered, his voice booming.
It was the waiter, Merlin Swain.
He lowered his head in an instant, averting his gaze when he met Fernando’s cold eyes.
He swallowed, his face as pale as paper.
“It was Charlene Clark.
She paid us to do it.
We did this for money.
Please forgive me.
”
Fernando stared at him, his face unchanging.
“I can let you go, but there’s one more thing you need to do for me,” he said, staring him down.
Hearing this, they all nodded vigorously.
“We’ll do anything!”
###chapter169
“Let her in,” Fernando ordered, a meaningful smile on his face.
The door of the hotel room was opened again.
Two fierce-Looking bodyguards brought a woman in.
Everyone was stunned.
The woman was dressed in skimpy clothes.
She was wriggling her waist so coquettishly and her aura was seductive.
The culprits in the room were confused and nervous.
“Let’s make an explicit video.
You and this woman will be the stars,” said Fernando, looking at Merlin coldly.
“What?” Merlin’s face turned pale with fright.
When he realized what was going on, he looked so embarrassed.
Fernando’s face darkened.
“What? You can’t do it?”
He pounded his right fist into his left palm and then cracked his knuckles.
“Do you need some motivation?”
Merlin’s expression changed dramatically and shouted anxiously, “I can do it! I’ll do it!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Fernando smiled with satisfaction.
“Now, you are talking!”
He stood up and headed for the door.
Over his shoulder, he said coldly, “The first take had better be good.
Otherwise, you will be asked to shoot again at any time.
You wouldn’t like that, would you?”
Merlin froze in horror.
An hour later, Fernando arrived at the hospital.
Matthew had calmed down after receiving an injection and was lying in a bed in a VIP ward.
The effects of the aphrodisiac had worn off drastically.
Fernando gave him a rundown of things.
“Those people have admitted that Charlene was the one who put them up to today’s incident.
”
Matthew nodded.
He wasn’t even surprised.
He asked indifferently, “How did Louis react to my early departure?”
It was inevitable that Louis would be displeased that Matthew left the banquet before the end.
“Well, I told him that you had to go back to take care of…”
###chapter170
Fernando swallowed the two words “your wife.
”
After a pause, he continued, “He was quite understanding and said that you two should get together some other time.
”
Matthew nodded again.
He pinched the space between his eyebrows and took a deep breath.
The wrinkles at the corners of his eyes showed he was so tired.
A worried expression appeared on Fernando’s face.
“But in the second half of the banquet, Mr.
Perkins was chatting a lot with Charlene.
They seemed to get along well.
I’m afraid she will succeed in winning him over.
”
He sounded uncertain and worried.
This cooperation with Perkins Group played a pivotal role in the development of Prosperity Group.
If Charlene managed to steal an important partner like Louis away, Prosperity Group would surely take a major hit and it would be hard to recover from such.
Matthew put down his hand.
“Charlene is after my life.
Every other thing she pursues is just secondary.
Leave her to me.
I’ll deal with her slowly.
” The gloom on his face wasn’t that intense.
However, the ice in his eyes was enough to scare the shit out of anyone.
He looked like he meant business.
“Okay, sir.
” Fernando bowed slightly.
‘s BunnyBookery
After a moment’s hesitation he continued, “Stella just texted me.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She has arrived home safely.
He carefully observed Matthew’s expression for any change.
Curiosity was killing him.
But he didn’t dare ask straightforwardly.
Although he didn’t know what happened between the two of them in the car just now, he could sense that there was something off.
Hearing this, Matthew was taken aback.
Despite the strange emotion that flickered in his eyes, he just nodded and then changed the topic.
“How did you handle the culprits?”
This question brought Fernando back to his senses and he looked away.
He took out his phone, opened the video, and handed it to Matthew.
“The video has been shot.
I edited the faces using AI, but no one will notice that.
What do you want me to do next?”
###chapter171
Matthew didn’t bother watching the video.
He commanded coldly, “Send it to Charlene.
And then we wait.
She will surely respond or make another move soon.
”
“Okay, sir! I’ll do that right away,” replied Fernando.
Matthew continued, “Before that, go through the discharge formalities for me.
I can’t stay here any longer.
No one must find out I was hospitalized.
”
After agreeing, Fernando sighed again.
“Stella is heaven-sent.
Thanks to her, Mr.
Perkins doesn’t have the wrong impression of you.
Now, he thinks you are a man who values his family.
”
Matthew didn’t say anything.
The scene of how Stella went out of her way to help him tonight flashed through his mind.
For some reason, his heart suddenly began to beat fast.
Miley was waiting in the living room when Stella returned home.
She rushed to her.
She was just about to say something when her eyes fell on the blood on Stella’s hand.
Grabbing her friend’s arm, she asked, “What happened? Did you get injured?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella looked down at the blood on her hand.
“I’m fine.
The blood isn’t mine.
” She forced a smile.
“Let me wash this off first.
”
She then walked into the closest bathroom.
Judging from Stella’s demeanor, Miley figured that she wasn’t in the mood to talk about this.
So, she decided to drop it.
She caught up with Stella and changed the topic.
“I already sent the sample and the complete film to Klassicluxe.
Now, we just have to catch a breather and wait for them to contact us.
”
Stella washed her hands and smiled.
“Good job, girl.
It must have been hard for you to do all that yourself.
”
“No worries.
I have got my eyes on the bag.
Money is the source of my strength.
” Putting her arm around Stella’s shoulders, Miley began to daydream about their future again.
“After we get to cooperate with KlassicLuxe, our online clothing store will gain more popularity.
Orders will be flowing in like water.
We are going to be very busy, but we will earn a lot of money.
And then, we can buy whatever we want and invest heavily too.
”
The happy smile on Miley’s face livened Stella’s mood.
###chapter172
The next sigh she took made her feel even more relaxed.
“Once I sign the divorce agreement this weekend, I’ll be so relieved.
I can focus on working and making more money.
”
She was hell-bent on ending this marriage.
Miley echoed, “That’s more like it! The divorce has been a long time coming! Once we become filthy rich, our dating pool will be wider.
More men would want us.
We can choose any man we want then.
”
Stella smiled and said nothing.
At the crack of dawn, Stella was awoken by a phone call.
Her eyes were still closed as she rolled over and picked up her phone from the nightstand.
She yawned while she swiped the screen.
An angry female voice came from the other end of the line.
“Get down to the company right now! There’s a big problem.
Hurry!”
Stella sat up abruptly, recognizing this voice as Lina’s.
Her eyes widened instantly.
“I’ll be right there,” she replied, jumping out of bed.
‘s BunnyBookery
Once she ended the call, she washed up and threw on some clothes.
She grabbed her bag and left for work.
She even had to brush her hair on the way.
The moment she walked into the PR department, she was greeted with a rowdy sight.
Everyone was busy.
“What happened?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella went to Lina’s office and politely demanded to know what was going on.
On the way here, she had taken time out to check this morning’s business news.
There was no negative news about Prosperity Group, much to her relief.
Lina was wearing a scowl as she responded in an unfriendly tone, “The guest list and time of Shane’s private party have been leaked.
”
“What?” Stella exclaimed in shock.
“You were the only one I gave the guest list yesterday.
Can you explain it?” Lina questioned her.
Stella spent a good minute pressing her temples and recalling what happened the night before.
She then explained, “When you handed me the list, I received a message last night that Mr.
Clark had an urgent task for me.
I had to rush down there, so I left the list in the drawer of my desk.
I didn’t-“
“What the hell are you saying?” Lina interrupted her furiously.
“The only list in existence was placed in your hands.
And now, it has been leaked.
Whose fault is that?”
###chapter173
Her insinuation was clear even to the blind; she felt Stella was the cause of the leak.
With her face tighter than ever, Lina tapped her desk with her index finger and uttered harshly, “The word has gotten out to many reporters.
As we speak, they are camping at Shane’s residence.
Since everyone on the guest list is influential, reporters want to get first-hand news.
Shane can’t even go out.
”
After a pause, Lina continued still seething with rage, “Shane is not just anybody in Seamarsh.
I entrusted that task to you and told you that he’s very particular about keeping his business private.
How dare you slack off? Do you have any idea what your silly mistake has caused us? Plans have already been made.
The party can’t be shifted to a later date.
If we don’t solve this issue ASAP, the reputation of Prosperity Group will be at risk.
”
Stella opened her mouth to explain.
Unfortunately, words failed her.
She had zero wriggle room out of this accusation.
After all, the list had been in her possession when it got leaked.
With her shoulders slumped, she walked to her desk and opened the drawer.
The list was still in there.
Then again, she usually didn’t lock this drawer.
Anyone could have opened it and maybe leaked the List when she wasn’t around.
Stella looked up at the surveillance camera in the office.
Her desk just so happened to be in a blind spot.
Stella’s scalp tingled as she grew suspicious.
“Stella, you have to take the fall for this!” Lina warned.
Stella frowned and balled her fists.
One of her colleagues by the name, Eva Craig, said sarcastically, “It’s mo news that there’s someone who behaves as if she’s not a member of the PR department.
Since she feels too big to be a part of us, what’s the point of taking over such a task? Because of her carelessness, we have more work on our hands.
So annoying!”
Her eerie tone suggested that she was gloating.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella took a deep breath to keep her anger in check.
After calming down, she said firmly, “I’ll take responsibility for this.
But you should know that the most important thing now is to settle the issue first.
There’s a lot at stake.
”
“Easy for you to say! Since you are so confident, how are you going to solve this?” Lina asked angrily.
She took a look at her watch and said, “We only have less than ten hours to the appointed time for Shane’s party.
His agent has been bombarding me with calls, blaming us for being so incompetent.
Do you know what it feels like to be shouted at many times?”
Stella lowered her eyes and said, “I will explain it to Shane in person.
”
“What’s the point of explaining? It won’t undo what has happened.
So, why waste your time?” Lina wagged her finger at her.
“Do the right thing.
Hand in your resignation.
After that, I can meet with Shane and find a way to placate him.
It’s that simple.
”
Stella frowned slightly.
For a few seconds, she was silent.
She then cleared her throat and said calmly, “You should know that now is not the time to make me take the fall for this.
Time is not on our side, so we should focus on solving the issue.
Taking responsibility for the leak can come in later.
”
Lina’s eyes narrowed.
###chapter174
She also thought it wise to set the priorities right, so she ordered, “You have two hours to solve this issue.
”
With that, she turned around and walked into her office.
Stella pursed her Lips.
Matthew wasn’t at work today, so she guessed that Lina was going to give him a call just to complain.
Matthew was hurt last night.
She didn’t want him to worry too much.
Stella pulled herself together and settled in her seat to find a solution to the matter on ground.
She spent the next few minutes racking her brain.
Unfortunately, she still couldn’t come up with something good.
The clock was ticking fast.
And Stella grew a little anxious.
She was still confused when Miley sent her a group of photos of Perry from a recently concluded shoot to show her the effect used.
Out of the blue, an idea popped into Stella’s head.
She immediately called Miley.
At three o’clock in the afternoon, there was still a large crowd of reporters standing at the gate of Shane’s villa.
They were muttering nosily with their cameras in hand.
“Shane has always been so mysterious.
There are only a few photos of him and these were taken when he’s out and about or doing some work.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Now that we have to opportunity to be at his house, we must take several photos of him.
Our waiting can’t be in vain.
”
“He’s one of the nominees for the Golden Statue Award which will be held soon.
If we can get some pictures of him in his private space, our report will get several clicks and views.
His die-hard fans are thirsty!”
“Most of the people on the guest list also lived on the low.
Now that they will all be gathered in one place, it would be nice to photograph all of them.
Oh, I can’t wait!”
The last reporter to speak was almost jumping with excitement as he checked his camera to take some shots.
The others did the same.
ALL of a sudden, the gate heavy gate opened up slowly, and then a black car appeared.
“Guys, hurry up! That is Shane’s car!” someone in the crowd exclaimed.
Click! Click! Click!
Shutter sounds were the only thing that was heard.
Also, there were countless flashes within seconds.
The black Porsche sped out through the gate.
###chapter175
Although it was going at a very high speed, the person seated in the back seat was visible for all eyes to see.
The man was wearing a hat and a mask, but he was built exactly Like Shane.
The crowd got excited again.
“It’s Shane! Let’s go after him! Hurry!”
The reporters packed up their equipment and hopped into their individual cars.
They went after the Porsche.
In a matter of seconds, the originally noisy entrance became as quiet as a graveyard.
Moments passed before the gate slowly opened again.
This time, a Rolls-Royce drove out without hurry.
In the Rolls-Royce, Stella was sitting in the passenger seat.
She glanced at the man in the back seat through the rearview mirror.
The man had a handsome face.
A pair of thin lips sat under a high nose.
On the bridge of his nose was a pair of dark sunglasses.
He was the real Shane.
An hour ago when Stella saw the photos Miley sent her of Perry, she immediately thought of pulling a fast one on the reporters by substituting the real Shane with a fake.
Miley had models with different physical builds signed to her agency.
Stella had sent her a picture of Shane, asking her if she could get a model who had a similar figure and facial bone structure to Shane’s.
‘s BunnyBookery
The grand scheme worked since the chosen model was wearing a subtle disguise and the window kind of gave off minimal sight of him.
In the spur of the moment, the reporters fell for it.
Stella turned her head and apologized.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Sorry for the trouble.
It’s my fault that you had to go through this.
”
Shane remained silent.
The sunglasses covered his eyes, so it was impossible to read his expression at the moment.
The smile on Stella’s face remained as she didn’t falter.
“You can rest assured.
We have made all the necessary arrangements.
Your party will go on as planned.
”
This time, Shane replied with a simple “OK.
”
He adjusted his sunglasses, turned his head to look out of the window, and added lightly, “It’s fine as long as the issue is resolved.
”
His statement was brief and there was no ring of anger to it.
Stella felt relieved.
Her smile became less frozen as she said in a joyful voice, “Now, I’ll take you to Prosperity Group’s hotel so you can have a good rest.
”
Shane nodded and went mute again.
###chapter176
Silence was in the car for the rest of the way, but it wasn’t the tense kind.
It took them thirty minutes before the car finally pulled into the parking lot of the hotel.
The elevator took them to the lounge.
Stella led Shane into a suite.
She checked every corner to make sure everything was just right.
When she was done, she walked back to Shane and said, “You should have a good rest here.
If you ever need anything, do not hesitate to give me a call.
I’ll do everything within my power to help.
”
Shane took off his sunglasses and nodded in response.
After getting that answer, Stella nodded to him respectfully and left without being asked to.
Time wasn’t on her side.
She had to rush down to the proposed venue for the party for the final inspection.
Since the guest list got leaked, she became extra cautious with the affairs concerning this party.
She couldn’t afford yet another important detail leaking out again.
The moment Shane was left alone in the suite, he took out his phone and called Matthew.
The line connected within seconds.
Leaning against the sofa, Shane said casually, “I’ll let it go this time.
The rest depends on how your company deals with the problem.
”
At the venue for the private party, Stella just walked out of the elevator when her temporary assistant, Evie, walked up to her with a pale face.
She instantly grew worried.
“What happened?” she asked impatiently.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Someone splashed red paint on a wall in the hall.
No one knows what to do, so there’s chaos in there.
It’s already too late to change venues.
Some of the guests have already arrived, and more are on their way.
What do we do, Stella?”
Evie scratched her scalp as if that would help her come up with something.
Stella’s face darkened and she quickened her pace.
When she walked into the hall and saw the mess that was made, her face darkened further.
The walls of the hall were painted blue, so the red paint that was splashed on it was very conspicuous.
There wasn’t any time to have the wall repainted as the party was just minutes away from starting.
Stella stood still with her hands on her hips.
Her face was serious.
She was shocked that the venue for the party leaked just like the guest list.
“Stella, what do we do now?” Evie was at a loss.
She was shaking as if she was standing on shards of glass.
On the other hand, Stella was as calm as ever.
###chapter177
She pondered for a while and then asked, “Can you get your hands on any wallpaper?”
Evie’s tone dripped with frustration.
“We already thought about that, but it will take us a long time to get a wallpaper wide enough to cover such a large area.
We are running out of time.
”
Stella’s brows furrowed, making her look even more serious.
“Mr.
Clark will be very mad at us if this party doesn’t go on as planned.
I can’t even begin to imagine what will become of us,” Evie said, breaking out in cold sweat.
“Let me think.
Don’t worry.
” Stella comforted her.
As her eyes swept across the hall, a new idea came to her mind.
“Evie, listen to me carefully,” Stella ordered.
“Get one of the employees to buy some paint and find someone with painting experience to redecorate the wall.
”
Since the red paint can’t be washed off now, it was going to be part of a new decoration.
Evie got the hang of what Stella was trying to do.
She swung into action and soon got people to do it.
Every employee tapped for the redecoration joined hands together.
‘s BunnyBookery
Within minutes, the wall had a whole new look.
The red paint was blended into the bright pigment.
The colors matched harmoniously, making that particular wall more eye-catching, but in a good way.
Those who set eyes on the wall couldn’t help marveling at it.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“This looks like a whole new wall.
Who would think that this wall looked a mess just a few minutes ago?”
“Thank goodness Stella showed up at the time she did.
If not for her, we’d have been screwed over.
Now, we can all beat our chests and say everything is just right!”
Stella breathed a sigh of relief with a hint of satisfaction in her eyes.
The second the clock struck six, the party officially began.
Many influential people were invited.
They all flocked into the hall, looking their best.
There was a live band performing rock music.
The guests were holding glasses of expensive champagne and wine as they chatted happily.
Standing in a corner, Stella watched the scene as she could finally catch a breather.
A lot of problems had to be solved before they got to this point.
Although she was feeling relieved, she still couldn’t shake off the fear that the person behind the previous problems would strike again.
###chapter178
She kept watch for any suspicious movements.
The merriment was about to reach a peak.
Suddenly, the music stopped.
“What happened?”
“iihat’s wrong?”
The guests exchanged confused and surprised looks.
When Evie heard the uproar, she ran over to Stella’s side and asked, “What’s up?”
She looked pretty nervous.
Stella shrugged with her arms open.
Her eyes narrowed a little as she looked in the direction where the technical team was stationed.
“I’ll go check what’s happening.
Keep an eye on the door.
”
She had just taken a step forward when a countdown clock was displayed on the big screen.
The next second, loud hip-hop music came blaring from the speakers.
A man in joggers, a pair of sneakers, and a baseball hat suddenly walked in through the door.
“It’s Stefan! Oh, my God!” Someone recognized him immediately.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella was also surprised.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stefan was a professional baseball star and also Shane’s favorite sportsman.
Nothing would have given Shane greater joy than to have Stefan at his birthday party, but Stefan wasn’t on the guest list because of his tight schedule.
“Hello, everyone!” Stefan whistled, walked up to Shane, and put a hand on his shoulder.
“Hey, birthday boy!”
“Long time no see!” Shane greeted, Looking pleasantly surprised.
The sudden appearance of Stefan livened the party even more.
A new wave of merriment swept through the hall.
They partied until the clock chimed nine, exactly three hours after the party began.
Stella and Evie were busy rounding up their work here.
It was at this time Shane walked up to Stella.
He took off the dark glasses he had on and looked at the traces of fun left in the hall.
With a faint smile, he said, “The party tonight was fantastic.
It’s the best I have had in a long time.
###chapter179
Thank you.
”
“It’s our duty.
I’m glad you liked it,” Stella replied modestly with a smile.
Shane smiled back and praised, “Tell Matthew that he’s a lucky man to have you working for him.
I’ll leave you to it then.
”
He put on his sunglasses and left with his agent.
Stella’s heart flipped as she stared at his receding figure.
Considering all that happened earlier, she didn’t expect him to praise her.
The employees of Prosperity Group returned to the company to pack up their belongings and go home.
They were all fagged out.
Stella walked into the PR department, only to find Matthew there.
Stella’s first guess was that he was going to give her an earful.
She took a deep breath and walked over slowly.
“Mr.
Clark, I should have been more careful and kept the guest list in a safer place.
I take the blame for the leak.
” She took the fall for what happened while holding out the report she had made in her spare time.
Her expression was solemn.
Matthew took it over and flipped through the pages casually without uttering a word.
After pressing her lips together, Stella promised, “Now that Shane’s party was a success, I’ll take out time to find out who leaked the guest list.
”
“Today’s incident is not on you, Stella.
” Matthew closed the file and threw it on the nearest desk.
The sound startled everyone present.
Matthew looked around and said in a stern voice, “You don’t have to carry out any investigation.
I already know who did it.
Now, I’m just waiting for the culprit to come forward and confess their sins.
”
Whispers came from all corners of the office after he said this.
“So, it wasn’t Stella? Then who is the culprit?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Could it be that Mr.
Clark is just trying to cover up for Stella by making someone else the scapegoat?”
“Shush! Do you want to lose your job? How dare you say something so outrageous?”
While everyone else was making guesses, Lina broke out in cold sweat.
Her body was trembling slightly.
To prevent herself from standing out, she clenched both fists to her sides.
Matthew’s voice was calm, but it still sent shivers down the spines of everyone present.
“You have the chance to own up to your mistake.
###chapter180
I don’t want anyone to mess around while I’m not here.
”
His statement was a warning.
Nonetheless, no one came forward.
“I’ll have you know that I checked the surveillance footage of this office,” Matthew said indifferently.
“Although Stella’s desk is in a blind spot, there’s a camera near the printer.
When the list was printed, the first copy was thrown into the trash because the ink was too dark and runny.
And the person who picked it up from the trash can was…”
He paused and then turned his head sharply.
“Eva Craig.
”
All heads turned in Eva’s direction.
Those who were close to her moved away, afraid to be roped into this issue.
Eva almost peed in her pants when her eyes met Matthew’s sharp ones.
A second later, she collapsed to the floor.
Stella’s mouth was opened wide as she stared at Eva.
She didn’t even remember stepping on Eva’s toes before.
Why did Eva do that to frame her? Did she hold a grudge against her?
“You are fired! Now, head to the financial department for your salary,”
Matthew said indifferently, sparing her no chance to explain.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
‘s BunnyBookery
Eva’s face turned pale and she apologized in a hurry.
.
“Mr.
Clark, I made a very big mistake.
I’m so sorry.
Please, don’t fire me.
This job means a lot to me.
I promise not to do such a thing ever again.
”
Matthew turned cold even though he remained silent.
Those who knew him well could see that he was on the verge of flaring up and it was pointless begging for mercy.
If anything, it was best she left now.
An evil expression appeared on Eva’s face when she saw that her pitiful act wasn’t working.
She pointed at Stella and said, “It’s all Stella’s fault! I just wanted to teach her a lesson for getting Luna fired some time back.
”
Matthew shot Eva a searing glare, causing her to shudder on her knees.
“You were stupid enough to put your career at risk just because of revenge.
People like you are not needed here.
Use the door right now!”
Eva bit her lip tightly.
Shame was eating her up as she stood up.
Under a dozen watchful eyes, she grabbed her bag, gave Stella a nasty stare, and then walked out.
###chapter181
Lina was shocked by how Matthew fired Eva without thinking twice.
She hadn’t seen anything like this, so she couldn’t help reevaluating Stella and worrying about her own future.
She had promised Luna that she would give Stella a hard time just to help her get revenge.
Having done that for a few weeks, she finally realized it was a wrong move.
Would she also lose her job soon?
The stiffness of Matthew’s face melted as soon as the culprit was kicked out.
He waved at the employees, signaling them to get off work.
Stella glanced at her watch as she walked down the corridor.
It was already ten o’clock.
When she remembered the tired lines at the corners of Matthew’s eyes just now, she was filled with guilt.
It was so late, but he still went out of his way to vindicate her.
She wondered if he had eaten dinner already.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew leisurely walked to the parking lot with his hands in his pockets.
To his surprise, Stella was standing by his car.
He kept his expression schooled as he walked over.
“Anything else?”
““Ermm…” Stella looked at him, hesitated for a while, and said slowly, “I’m aware that you sent Stefan to the party earlier.
You must have also put in a good word for me.
Otherwise, Shane wouldn’t have agreed to do as I said so easily.
Thank you.
”
It wasn’t until she went over all that happened earlier that she realized something important; Matthew was helping behind the scenes.
Rumor had it that Shane was hot-tempered.
She realized there was some truth to that rumor when she arrived at his house and met a maid cleaning up shards of glass from the floor.
It was pretty obvious Shane had smashed something in a fit of pique.
Despite this, he still followed her to the hotel calmly.
It had to be because of Matthew’s involvement.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew replied, “It’s nothing.
Besides, Shane is going to cooperate with Prosperity Group.
Solving this issue and making sure that his day was made is no big deal.
I did it to help my company.
Also, it wouldn’t have been possible without your genius idea and speed.
”
He did a dismissive wave.
Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
Thinking of what had happened in the office, she said, “Also, thank you for helping me prove my innocence.
”
Being vindicated meant a lot to her.
It was as if a heavy weight has been lifted off her shoulders.
Matthew glanced at her indifferently and said in an alienated voice, “I don’t want traitors in the company.
”
Again, he was saying that his involvement was for the good of his company, not for her.
###chapter182
Stella caught that, but she still felt indebted to him and wanted to show her gratitude.
She bowed slightly and said sincerely, “Thanks anyways.
If you have time, I’d like to treat you to dinner.
What do you say?”
Matthew went silent.
His silence made Stella have second thoughts.
Perhaps her invitation was too abrupt since it was already late.
She added, “That can be whenever you are free.
It doesn’t have to be Matthew interrupted her.
“I’m free now.
”
Stella wasn’t expecting him to agree after keeping quiet for a while, so she didn’t know what to say.
A complicated emotion flashed through Matthew’s eyes as he studied her expression.
He then asked, “What’s wrong? Is tonight not a good time for you?”
His voice jarred her back to reality.
Blinking, she answered immediately, “Oh, tonight works for me.
”
An imperceptible smile instantly appeared on Matthew’s face.
He walked to the side of the driver’s seat, trying to hide his excitement.
“Get in the car.
” He had just opened the door when he saw Stella walking toward the back door.
With his hand on the door handle, he paused.
“Sit in the passenger seat,” he added.
Stella stopped and turned to look at Matthew with hesitation.
She was just about to shake her head when he spoke up again.
There was a slight frown on his face.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What am I to you? Your driver?”
Stella’s expression froze.
Waving her hands, she responded, “No, no!”
Matthew waited for her to get in before he did the same.
As soon as Stella got strapped in, she took out her phone and searched for the best restaurant nearby.
She also checked for the ones that were still open.
It was extremely quiet in the car.
At a red light, Matthew stopped the car and turned to her.
He broke the silence.
“Where to?”
Stella looked at the phone and said, “Blue Whale Restaurant.
It’s the closest and it has the highest rating online, so it must be good.
”
###chapter183
“Okay.
” Matthew nodded.
About ten minutes later, the two walked into the restaurant, with one leading the other.
The restaurant was brightly lit and quiet.
The interior decor was a modern retro style, making it look very sophisticated.
A waitress came up and flashed them a smile.
“Hello, sir, ma’am.
Is it just the two of you? Do you have a reservation?”
Stella stepped forward and said to her, “No, we don’t.
We’d like a private dining room.
”
“Okay, this way please.
” The waitress led them to a private room.
Once they got seated at the table, she handed them separate menus.
“Our menu contains several delicious dishes.
Please make your choice.
”
“What would you like to have? Feel free.
It’s on me,” Stella said generously, but there was an unnatural smile on her face.
She wasn’t sure of Matthew’s taste.
But for a man of his caliber, she felt he would love exquisite dishes.
She prayed silently that the bill wouldn’t exceed her credit card limit when it was time to pay.
The last thing she wanted was to get embarrassed in front of her boss.
Matthew replied with an indifferent okay and opened the menu so nobly.
The waitress glanced at them and introduced warmly, “Sir, we have a special couples package for today.
It’s the Fusion Cuisine set meal.
Tastes like heaven.
Do you want to give it a try?”
“What?” Stella almost choked on her own saliva.
She wondered if her ears were playing tricks on her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew and the waitress looked at her at the same time.
Realizing she had overreacted, she smiled awkwardly.
“Don’t you have other sets to recommend?”
“I’m sorry.
This is a couples’ restaurant, so our menu is filled with couple packages for dates.
However, set dishes can be tweaked to suit individual tastes,” the waitress explained patiently.
Stella suddenly became hotter.
She had been so focused on finding the closest restaurant that was still open that she failed to notice this was a restaurant for couples.
How could she have made such a mistake? Matthew was her boss, not her boyfriend or husband!
This was about to get really awkward.
Rubbing her forehead, Stella tried to stay calm and asked in a low voice, “Mr.
Clark, how about we go somewhere else?”
###chapter184
Matthew stared at her flushed face and raised his eyebrows slightly.
He returned his gaze to the menu before replying calmly, “Since we are already here, there’s no point leaving.
”
Stella didn’t dare to argue.
Biting her lower lip in embarrassment, she lowered her head and scanned through the menu.
A good minute later, Matthew placed his order and handed the menu over.
Stella closed hers and said, “I’ll have what he’s having.
”
“Okay, coming right up,” the waitress uttered and left.
While they waited for the food, Stella didn’t know what to say to Matthew.
She just avoided his gaze as much as she could and drank water from her glass from time to time.
She had just set down the glass again when she heard a clicking sound.
She turned her head sharply.
The waitress appeared at the door again.
Instead of wheeling in a trolley of food, she stood at the threshold with a camera in hand and was smiling mischievously.
Prompted by her professional instinct, Stella immediately rose from her seat.
Face plastered with politeness and seriousness, she approached the waitress and requested, “I apologize, but we’re not comfortable with being photographed.
Could you please hand over the photo?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A fleeting pause tugged at the waitress’s smile, before she started explaining, “Oh, I totally understand.
You see, our restaurant loves capturing moments of couples for our wall of fame.
It’s a Little promotion thing we do.
”
Mid-explanation, the waitress’s finger pointed toward a cozy corner of the eatery, lined with frames.
Pictures were pasted, framed to the wall, each one harboring a Lovely looking couple gazing back at them.
Enthusiastically, she went on, “And let me tell you, I couldn’t help but think you two are just perfect together.
Look, this photo is so good.
”
As she chatted away, the perky waitress took a snapshot, excited to share it with Stella.
“There’s no need-” Stella was just about to clarify that she and Matthew were definitely not an item.
But then, out of the blue, Matthew cut in with a decisive nod.
“Actually, let me see that photo.
”
“Okay.
The waitress trotted over happily, practically a skip in her step.
Stella spun on her heel, astonished.
Why on earth did Matthew still want a peek at the picture?
###chapter185
They were not a couple at all!
Smiling, the waitress handed the developing photo to Matthew.
“Here you go, sir.
”
Matthew accepted it, his gaze fixed on the snapshot in his hand.
The photo captured the vibrant city night as the backdrop.
Stella, dressed in a simple business suit, sat across from him, a smile gracing her lips.
The atmosphere was different from their usual serious and distant encounters; it held a hint of warmth instead.
Matthew’s satisfaction was undeniable.
He glanced at the waitress and said, “I’ll have this photo.
If there’s a cost, just put it on the tab.
No need for any special deals.
”
The waitress was taken aback, but she trod carefully, giving him a small nod.
As she departed, she couldn’t help but comment, “You two make such a perfect pair.
Wishing you all the happiness.
”
Matthew tried to appear composed, yet a hidden joy tugged at his heart.
Embarrassment and unease picked at Stella’s nerves.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She longed to clarify her relationship with Matthew, but the waitress had already vanished.
Stella sneakily stole a glance at him, her heart fluttering with relief as she noted his unguarded expression.
She calmed her racing thoughts.
Maybe she had a clue about his intentions.
Summoning her courage, she took the plunge and broached the subject herself.
“Mr.
Clark, if it’s alright with you, could you pass me that photograph? I promise to dispose of it.
”
Matthew’s gaze slid over Stella indifferently, and he casually slipped the photograph into his pocket without uttering a single word.
Stella’s brow furrowed as confusion set in.
What was he playing at?
Before she could gather her thoughts and muster the courage to ask him, the waitress approached their table with a tray of delectable dishes.
Stella was forced to seal her lips shut.
“The dishes are all set for you.
Enjoy your meal,” the waitress chirped cheerfully before departing.
As the dinner progressed, Matthew savored each bite at a leisurely pace, seeming unfazed by the weight of the situation.
Stella, on the other hand, wrestled with her own inner turmoil.
The gnawing uncertainty gnawed at her, making her question Matthew’s motives.
Unable to contain her curiosity any longer, she finally gave in and spoke up.
###chapter186
“Why didn’t you clarify our relationship earlier?”
Her question hung in the air.
Matthew Looked up, his gaze meeting hers, his tone composed.
“No need for idle chatter when money can sort it out.
”
Stella was left speechless.
After mulling over it for a moment, she realized he had a point.
Her aim in explaining to the waitress was simply to retrieve the photo.
Buying it outright seemed much simpler.
Her boss had an undeniable knack for handling things.
Secretly, Stella couldn’t help but admire Matthew, erasing any lingering doubts.
With her head down, she ate her meal without a care.
But Matthew didn’t eat.
He looked at Stella tenderly.
After dinner, Stella excused herself, claiming she needed to visit the restroom.
She gracefully rose from her chair and left the table.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella made her way to the front desk.
“Table 58.
I’m all set to settle the bill.
”
“Wait a minute.
” After a brief look at the computer, the cashier’s lips curled into a knowing smile.
“It’s been paid.
Your boyfriend already took care of it.
”
A rush of warmth surged through Stella’s cheeks, painting them a rosy hue.
She managed a hurried thank you before retracing her steps back to their table.
She dejectedly returned to her seat and looked at Mathew with chagrin.
“Mr.
Clark, why did you pay the bill? Didn’t we say that it was my treat?”
Mathew stood and faced her with nonchalant confidence.
“I paid it first.
The money for checkout will be deducted from your bonus this month.
”
Stella was at a loss for words.
When her boss said his piece, she had no option but to go along with it.
The pair strolled to the restaurant’s exit.
Just as they reached the door, Matthew was on the verge of asking whether Stella would Like a lift in his car.
###chapter187
Right at that moment, Stella’s phone chimed.
She retrieved her phone, glancing at it before looking up at Matthew with a grin.
“It’s getting late.
You should head back and rest.
Someone will pick me up later.
”
A shadow loomed over Mathew’s face.
With a heart full of gratitude, Stella expressed, “I truly appreciate your help today.
Drive safely on your way home.
I’m off now.
”
She bowed and turned away.
Matthew stood frozen, his gaze trailing Stella’s retreating back for what felt like an eternity.
Did her husband send her that message?
Did she rush back so quickly to her cozy haven?
But he…
Mathew laughed at his foolishness.
That villa of his was nothing more than his refuge.
How could he even dream of having a home?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With that thought, Matthew’s pleasant demeanor evaporated in an instant, replaced by a wave of irritation.
The weekend came very quickly.
Stella had hoped to call Maverick to make an appointment.
But Fernando called her before she could.
“Stella, come to the company now.
”
“What happened? Is something wrong?” Stella asked, instantly becoming a nervous wreck.
Holding her phone up to her ear, she opened her wardrobe, rummaging for what to wear.
“We are headed to Perkins Group to foster collaboration.
Mr.
Clark said you should with us,” Fernando explained briefly.
“I’ll be right there,” Stella responded, feeling a slight sense of relief.
Despite the fact that she had no clue what Matthew was trying to do, she didn’t dare to waste a second.
In a flash, she changed into her work clothes and rushed out.
###chapter188
Unfortunately, this would interrupt her plan to meet with Maverick.
On her arrival, the car was already waiting.
She got in with Matthew.
While in the car, Fernando briefed Matthew on the overall report, stating that the recent accident had no impact on Perkins Group’s banquet.
“In the past few days, we have also negotiated with Perkins Group.
Mr.
Perkins is very satisfied with the Prosperity Group.
We’ll probably get them to work with us today.
”
Stella silently noted his words for her record as Fernando reported the situation.
“Ensure that you provide assistance to Fernando if needed, Stella,”
Matthew commanded, directing his attention towards her.
“Yes, Mr.
Clark,” Stella answered.
At Perkins Group, the receptionist led Matthew and his employees towards the meeting room.
Once the door opened, Matthew’s eyes caught Charlene’s figure sitting inside and pressed his lips tightly together.
There was a very subtle provocation in her shrewd eyes as their gazes met.
Looking into her eyes coldly, Matthew asked, “What are you doing here?”
“I’m also a member of Prosperity Group, remember? Since our company is going to discuss cooperation, shouldn’t I be here to learn?”
Charlene responded, throwing a fake smile at him.
Matthew wasn’t fooled by her innocent act, he was well aware that she was here to ruin the cooperation.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He wasn’t going to let her succeed.
Matthew just ignored her and sat on the other side of the room.
After a few minutes, the meeting room’s door finally opened again.
Louis appeared on the other side, along with his assistant and some employees.
He did not look very pleased.
Matthew frowned.
Charlene got up and asked purposely, “Why do you look so displeased, Mr.
Perkins? We can always discuss the cooperation some other time if you’re not feeling well.
I’m sure Matthew would understand.
”
There was a concerned expression on her face.
Louis’ face darkened.
Ignoring her, he threw a U disk in Matthew’s direction and growled, “I received it this morning.
What does it mean?”
###chapter189
“Let me see what’s going on first.
Give me a moment,” Matthew said in an extremely calm voice, motioning for Stella to turn on the U disk.
There was a computer sitting in the room.
Taking the U disk, Stella played the video.
“Mm… Ahh… That feels so good…”
A woman’s voice was heard, along with a man’s heavy breathing.
It got worse, as a more shocking scene appeared on the screen.
In the video, they were both naked.
The woman was kneeling with her back to the man, with her buttocks arched high.
They were making love.
Louis’ assistant was still very young.
She quickly covered her eyes and exclaimed, “What is this?”
The man finally turned his face to the camera.
“Oh my God! Isn’t this…”
The surprised voice came to a stop.
Everyone in the room had their eyes turned to Mathew in shock.
Seeing the content of the video, Stella began to panic as she quickly turned the video off.
The video’s background was the same hotel where Louis held the banquet.
However, she was certain that Matthew had left that day.
So how could he…?
She suddenly realized this video was fake.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Seeing as Louis’ face immediately darkened, Stella tried to mediate, “Mr.
Perkins, I’m certain there must be some kind of misunderstanding.
Please give us some time to investigate it-“
“We all have eyes.
Seeing is believing,” Charlene interrupted.
She faced Matthew.
“Matthew, it’s normal for you to be promiscuous any other day, but how could you do this at Mr.
Perkins’ banquet?
That’s is highly inappropriate! How do you expect Mr.
Perkins to cooperate with us with this?”
Her words were filled with so much disappointment and accusation against Matthew.
Every single person present felt a sense of embarrassment.
After all, Matthew, who was in the pornographic video, was standing right in front of them looking all noble as though he could never do such things.
For a moment, nobody knew where to look.
###chapter190
Stella chanced a quick glance at Matthew.
While most people were flustered, Matthew looked particularly calm.
When the video surfaced on the internet, he finally understood Charlene’s intention.
She had put in a lot of effort to make the video and use it here.
Matthew sneered inwardly.
“Mr.
Perkins.
” Looking straight at Louis, Matthew spoke in a cold voice.
“I have no idea who wants to destroy our cooperation, but I assure you that the man in the video isn’t me.
”
A frown formed on Louis’ face, it looked like he was thinking about something.
However, Charlene was adamant that Matthew was lying.
“The man in the video is clearly you, and you’re still denying it.
I had no idea you’ve become this irresponsible, Matthew.
”
Without a care in the world, Matthew replied, “That is not me.
This video was clearly edited and synthesized by someone who hates me.
”
Upon hearing this, Charlene was shocked.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
‘s BunnyBookery
Only a blind person would say that it was not Matthew in the video.
She didn’t expect this level of calmness from him.
Charlene calmed herself.
“Matthew, just admit it.
It’s normal for a man to make such careless mistakes.
Just come clean, for your family’s sake.
”
Matthew paid no attention to her and her words.
Instead, he suddenly turned to Stella.
“Freeze the man’s face.
”
Stella was stunned, but quickly recollected herself and did as he said.
She didn’t know what he was trying to achieve, but after hearing his firm tone, she felt completely relieved.
The man’s face, which was identical to Matthew’s, reappeared on the screen in front of everyone.
Stella looked away, not daring to look at the video.
###chapter191
“Is there an issue?” Louis’ face darkened and his voice turned cold.
He felt like he had been fooled.
Getting out of his chair rather slowly, Matthew began, “I have that same video, but there, the man in the video isn’t me.
”
Everyone was shocked and curious once they heard this.
Frowning in confusion, Louis asked, “What are you talking about?”
“Show Mr.
Perkins the video, Fernando,” Matthew commanded.
Charlene began to feel uneasy, but she couldn’t lose her composure.
‘s BunnyBookery
She kept calm to see what Matthew had planned.
After a while, Fernando walked to Louis and placed the phone in front of him.
Louis’s expression softened.
“What’s going on then?” he asked in a more softened voice.
Matthew began to explain as he looked at everyone in front of him.
“The video sent to Mr.
Perkins was processed by AI.
And that video is the original one.
The man on the screen is the waiter at Mr.
Perkins’ banquet that day.
Someone paid him to frame me and ruin the cooperation between Prosperity Group and Perkins Group.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew stared at Charlene coldly.
Charlene froze in her seat; her face became pale from being so nervous.
She had definitely not expected that Matthew would see through her scheme and counterattack.
Charlene clenched her fists reluctantly, she remained silent.
If Louis found out that she framed her own nephew, things would not end well for her.
It wasn’t worth it!
After hearing this, Louis was full of disbelief and anger.
“How could there be such a thing? It’s ludicrous!”
Matthew pointed at Stella and spoke calmly.
“My subordinate was present that day.
I brought her here today, so she can explain it all to you.
I hope that before we cooperate, both sides won’t have any misunderstandings and doubts towards each other.
”
Stella immediately understood why Matthew had asked her to come.
###chapter192
As fast as she could, she began to tell Louis the details of that day.
“After everything, Mr.
Clark was taken to the hospital.
He cut himself twice in order to be able to restrain the effect of the drug.
His wounds are still not healed yet.
”
Louis immediately grew concerned and asked, “Are you alright?”
“Don’t worry.
I’m fine,” Matthew said with his usual indifferent tone.
Once he was done speaking, he looked up at Stella with an unreadable expression on his face.
As soon as she met his eyes, Stella immediately lowered her gaze.
She admitted that the last sentence was said deliberately.
“If something happened to you at my party that would destroy your relationship with your wife, I would be very sorry.
” Louis felt a tinge of guilt.
“Everything has been resolved.
There’s no need to blame yourself,”
Matthew said unconcerned.
Laughing, Louis said, “I could have handled today’s issue better, but I didn’t.
I should have done my own investigation first instead of assuming that you were the man in the video.
I misunderstood your character and I apologize for that.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“It’s normal that you would misunderstand me.
Someone clearly framed me.
”
The fact that Matthew was being very understanding made Louis feel relaxed.
“We’ve wasted a lot of time on this.
Let’s just get to the point and talk about cooperation.
”
Fernando and all the other employees heaved a sigh of relief once they heard this.
Meanwhile, Charlene sat in silence, her face darkened as she watched the scene unfold.
She hadn’t expected it to end well.
After a while, the two groups finally signed a contract, and Perkins Group became a long-term investor of Prosperity Group.
“I look forward to us working together, Louis said, stretching his hand out to Matthew.
Taking Louis’ hand in his, Matthew responded, “Me too.
”
With his employees, Matthew went down to the parking lot.
Suddenly the sound of high heels echoed in the empty parking lot.
Charlene, the source of the sound, ran towards Matthew.
###chapter193
Her face was beat red and she raved, “How dare you play tricks on me Matthew?”
Matthew sneered.
He had almost forgotten how shameless Charlene was.
She did such despicable things but she still dared to question him confidently.
“This is the very last time.
If you ever use those tricks on me again, don’t even try to blame me for not treating you as my uncle,” he warned staring at her coldly.
“You…” Charlene was pissed off now.
But before she could say anything, Matthew added, “I think Grandpa also wants to know what you’ve done.
”
Charlene’s face immediately turned deathly pale.
As her father already favored Matthew, if this matter were to be exposed, she might get nothing!
She stared at Mathew, gritting her teeth.
“Just wait and see!”
With that said, she turned around, fled into her car and zoomed off.
Stella raised her head slightly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The tall man before her seemed rather noble, and beyond the ordinary.
His eyes held a certain calm and collectiveness and his aura that convinced everyone, everything was under control caused people to surrender also.
Stella’s heart began to thump rapidly.
She lowered her eyes to her shoes, suddenly interested in them as she tried to restrain the feeling.
When she returned to the faithful abode of her home, Miley walked up to her.
“Where have you been? Oliver kept calling me throughout the day.
He said he couldn’t find you and asked you to call him back when you finished at work.
”
“I went to work overtime.
I muted the phone at the meeting just some minutes ago,” Stella replied softly.
She took out her phone, coming face-to-face with several missed calls from Oliver.
Stella immediately called back.
After a few rings, Oliver’s voice blared through the phone.
“Stella?”
“Yeah, what’s up?”
###chapter194
Oliver’s seemed extremely excited from his tone as he loudly announced, “I have decided to get married.
”
Stella couldn’t believe her ears, so she asked again, “Stop playing, Oliver.
Are you guys really going to get married?”
“Yes,” Oliver replied firmly.
Stella grabbed her bag and said, “Just wait a minute.
I’m on my way to your house right now.
”
With that, she hung up the phone.
Miley had a rough idea of what the call was about.
She was also a little shocked.
“Your cousin is going to get married?
So soon?”
Stella nodded.
“Yeah.
He sounded serious on the phone.
I’m going to his place right now.
”
She took a taxi straight to Oliver’s apartment.
As soon as she entered, she was greeted with the sight of him and Juliette making out on the sofa.
Juliette was the first to see Stella.
She quickly broke the ki*s and slapped Oliver’s hand away.
She then greeted with an awkward smile, “Stella, you are here!”
On the other hand, Oliver turned a blind eye to his cousin.
He continued to hold Juliette in his arms and planted ki*ses all over her face.
Seeing this, Stella smiled with admiration.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She sat on the sofa and said straightforwardly, “I had no clue that you guys were looking to wed this year.
Why did you pick a date so soon?”
“There is no reason.
” Oliver shrugged.
“It has been a long time coming.
Besides, we just saw a rom-com together.
We don’t want to be like the main characters in the movie who experienced so much difficulty and had to stay apart due to avoidable circumstances.
”
He held Juliette’s hand, ki*sed it hard, and then said affectionately, “Why wait, right? I want to begin forever with her while we are still head over heels in love with each other.
”
“Aww!” Stella found those words touching.
Could anything be more romantic?
In her opinion, the greatest gift for a woman was having her feelings reciprocated by a special someone and also getting to spend the rest of her life with him.
She clasped her hands and said with a smile, “Congratulations, guys!
I’m so glad that I have another family member.
Juliette, if Oliver fails to treat you right at any time, just give me a call and I’ll come down to help you beat him up.
”
Oliver muttered discontentedly, “Juliette is the best thing that has ever happened to me.
I treat her like an egg.
And that never going to change.
”
###chapter195
With a shy smile, Juliette slapped his chest again.
They rubbed their noses together and smiled with hearty eyes.
Afterward, Oliver came straight to the point.
“By the way, we’ll be heading back to Bysea for the wedding this Friday.
Remember to ask your boss for some days off.
”
Bysea was their hometown.
It was clear Oliver wanted their grandfather and the others to share in his joy on his wedding day.
Juliette echoed Oliver with a smile, “We will throw a bachelor party before the wedding itself, so it’s going to be lively for a few days.
You haven’t been home for over a year, so you should use this opportunity to spend time with your family.
”
Stella nodded obediently.
“Guys, I won’t miss your wedding for anything.
In fact, I’ll help in making the preparations.
You can bank on that.
”
Meanwhile, Charlene was sitting at her desk in the study with a cold face.
She thought she had it all planned out so Matthew’s plan was surely going to fall through.
To her greatest surprise, Matthew was one step ahead of her.
He pulled a whole U-turn and used a backup plan instead.
‘s BunnyBookery
Charlene clenched her fist and pounded her desk, not minding the pain it caused her.
“Matthew Clark!” she yelled through gritted teeth.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
At this moment, her assistant knocked on the door, pushed it open slowly, and then walked in.
“What’s the latest? Have you found it?” Charlene glanced at him coldly.
The assistant shook his head in embarrassment.
“I’m afraid no.
We used almost all our connections, but we still can’t find out the name or identity of Matthew’s wife.
It’s as if someone is deliberately covering this up.
”
“You are so useless!” Charlene shouted angrily.
How was that possible? Who could be covering this up? And why?
Charlene’s expression suddenly became fierce.
In the past, she asked her parents to tell her about Matthew’s wife.
But they always refused or brushed it off.
Charlene frowned.
###chapter196
What was so special about that woman that her identity was being concealed?
She was almost popping a vein as she sneered further.
The fact that someone was going all out to protect this woman’s identity only got Charlene more curious.
She vowed to find out who this woman was.
On Monday morning, the routine board meeting was held in the boardroom.
The executives presented the weekly reports one after the other.
In the end, Fernando stood up and announced, “Over the weekend, we successfully signed a letter of intent to cooperate with Perkins Group.
It marks a new phase for us here at Prosperity Group.
All hands need to be on deck more than ever now.
”
A thunderous applause broke out the moment he finished speaking.
Some of the executives whispered to each other in excitement.
“Mr.
Clark, is there something you would like to add?” Fernando asked.
Sitting at the head of the large table, Matthew looked up and everyone immediately went silent.
“I’d like to add that the upcoming cooperation wouldn’t have been possible without Stella’s help.
You all can learn a thing or two from her.
”
With that, he stood up, declared the meeting over, and walked out with one hand in his pocket.
“Mr.
Clark, can I have a minute please?” Stella called out, trying to catch up with him.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew stopped in his tracks and asked, “What is it?”
“There’s something important I must handle this Friday, so I need a few days off,” Stella explained.
“If you have any pressing tasks for me, you can give them to me within the next two days.
I’ll only leave after handling them.
”
“Don’t stress yourself over that.
If anything comes up, I’ll get Fernando to handle it.
” Matthew gave her his approval without asking any further questions.
Surprised by how understanding he was, Stella was extremely grateful.
“Okay, thank you so much, sir.
”
Time wasn’t on Stella’s side as the wedding she was supposed to plan and attend was only in a few days.
Stella put together a few wedding plans in her spare time.
She also made an appointment to meet Juliette at the cafe very close to the company at noon.
Lunch break soon rolled by.
After they made their orders, Juliette didn’t hesitate to take a bite of her sandwich.
She flipped through the album in front of her before saying, “This is impressive.
An outdoor forest wedding will make it more romantic and also indicate that me and Oliver’s love is true…”
She paused for a moment and flipped the page.
“That’s also good, a fantasy fairy wedding.
Dream and love are a perfect match.
It’s going to be dreamy and so romantic…”
###chapter197
The various wedding themes dazzled Juliette, so it was hard for her to make a decision.
She pushed away the album on the table and complained, “Gosh, this is much harder than I thought! Did I act too rashly? I can’t even make a simple decision.
”
Sensing that Juliette was getting cold feet, Stella quickly put down her sandwich and comforted her with a smile.
“Don’t think too much about this.
Things like this happen sometimes.
You know what? We can look at other themes if none of these caught your eyes.
”
She gave Juliette’s hand a squeeze and promised, “Not to worry, I’ve got this.
I’ll find an event planner who can advise you on a suitable theme to choose.
Trust me, your wedding will be the talk of town for a long time.
”
“Oh, Stella.
I’m so lucky to have you.
I don’t know what I’d have done without you helping me.
” Juliette hugged her excitedly.
Afterward, she pinched Stella’s face and said, “I will treat you a big meal after the wedding.
”
“Huh? Just one meal? Don’t I deserve more than that?” Stella asked as she clutched her chest, pretending to be hurt and disappointed.
Juliette said immediately, “Of course, you deserve more than that.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Tell you what.
I’ll treat you to as many meals as you want.
You have done me such a huge favor.
”
Stella burst into laughter.
Holding Stella’s hand, Juliette said, “But there’s one more thing I need your help with.
My dress-fitting appointment is tonight, but Oliver can’t make it because he’s busy.
Can you accompany me there?”
“With pleasure!” Stella nodded happily.
Just then, she saw Fernando walking into the cafe.
He also looked in her direction.
Stella waved at him while smiling.
Fernando halted, turned to the side, and walked to her.
“Are you here for coffee, Fernando?”
“Yes.
It’s for Mr.
Clark.
”
He was just about to turn away when his eyes inadvertently fell on the album on the table which had the inscription of a hotel.
“What are these?” he curiously asked with a slight frown.
Stella answered honestly, “Oh, I’m trying to select a wedding venue and theme…”
She pushed the album forward and asked, “If you don’t mind, can you tell me which setting you think is the most beautiful?”
It was good to get other people’s opinions on such things.
###chapter198
Fernando never saw this question coming, but he only hesitated for a second before pointing out the one he thought was the best.
Stella nodded with satisfaction.
“Take your time.
I have to go,” said Fernando.
Stella waved.
“Okay, thanks for the advice.
Sorry for taking up your time.
You should head back before Mr.
Clark grows impatient.
”
In the CEO’s office of Prosperity Group, Fernando put the coffee on the desk.
“What took you so long?” Matthew asked, looking up with a frown.
Fernando explained, “I bumped into Stella at the cafe.
It seems she’s preparing for a wedding.
I saw her trying to select a good venue and she asked for my opinion.
”
This revelation pulled a frown from Matthew.
So Stella requested a few days off because she was planning to hold a wedding.
Confused as to why his boss was suddenly staring into space, Fernando called his name again.
It wasn’t until Matthew saw Fernando lower his head that he snapped out of it.
He waved irritably, sending him away.
The moment the door was shut, Matthew swiveled his chair around and faced the French window.
It was a cool day in Seamarsh.
Although the sun was out, some of the tall buildings far away stayed hidden in the mist.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew had a splitting headache as he shut his eyes.
His mind went back to the day Stella told him that she and her husband were yet to hold a wedding ceremony.
She stared at the beautiful wedding dress in that display glass for a long time and also spoke about having a wedding with her eyes glistening with longing.
Never did it occur to Matthew that Stella’s wish was going to come true so soon.
He thought they were both in the same shoes; that they didn’t love their spouses.
It turned out that his assumption was wrong.
Divorcing his wife wouldn’t change a thing now.
Matthew was never a sucker for love.
He thought love wasn’t for him, so he was surprised at himself when he began to pay attention to Stella.
Stella had crash-landed into his life.
Everything just happened so fast.
But what could he do?
Right from the moment they met, they had both been married.
This wasn’t an instance of two single people meeting and falling in love.
###chapter199
His feelings wouldn’t have gotten out of his control if he had nipped it in the bud early enough.
Matthew opened his eyes and became even more agitated.
He took out his phone and looked through the phone book for quite some time.
Finally, he dialed Amara’s number.
A voice dripped with surprise came from the other end.
“Matthew? To what do I owe this pleasant surprise?”
Matthew said indifferently, “Mom, it has been ages since we last met.
Let’s do dinner tonight.
”
“Okay, great!” Amara agreed without hesitation.
After getting off work, Stella and Juliette went to a shopping mall in the center of the city.
Juliette was holding Stella’s arm as she led her upstairs and said, “Your cousin dropped his credit card before leaving for work this morning.
For your effort, you should buy a beautiful dress with his card.
I’m certain heads will turn when you show up at the wedding.
”
“Come on now.
You are the bride.
I wouldn’t want to steal your thunder.
” Stella declined with a smile.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I will be sure to help you choose a perfect dress.
You’re going to be the most beautiful bride in the world.
ALL eyes will be on you.
”
“You have great taste, so I trust your judgment.
”
Juliette wasn’t even a tidbit worried now that Stella was accompanying her.
Meanwhile, Vivien had on a pair of big sunglasses.
Her face wasn’t that visible, but she still hid it from passersby like a fugitive who was afraid of getting caught.
One hand was palmed to her cheek as she glanced at her watch and looked around anxiously.
Just then, a low-key Bentley pulled up in the parking lot just by the entrance.
Amara got out of it.
Her curly hair was held up with a diamond hairpin.
A few strands were on her cheeks.
As soon as Vivien saw her, she walked over with a smile, trying to hide her impatience.
“Hey, Amara!” Vivien gave her a once-over.
“You look so stunning tonight!”
Amara smiled gently.
“Did I keep you waiting? There was a traffic jam on the road just now.
”
“Oh, no worries.
I only just got here.
Thanks for asking to see me tonight.
” She walked inside arm-in-arm with Amara.
###chapter200
Amara liked how sensible Vivien was, so she said, “Actually, Matthew decided to treat me to dinner tonight.
I want you to be there.
That’s why I called.
”
Vivien was taken aback for a while.
But then, she complained, “Matthew has been so closed off to me lately.
I heard rumors that he’s getting too close to his subordinate.
”
“That happens all the time.
As a businessman, it’s only normal for him to be close to his employees.
No big deal.
” Amara didn’t catch Vivien’s drift.
“Once Matthew’s divorce is finalized, I’ll try my best to bring the two of you together.
I’m going to make you my daughter-in-law at all costs.
”
Vivien was rest assured after hearing those words.
After all, who else could change Matthew’s mind other than his mother?
She said in a brisk voice, “Thanks for being so nice to me.
You are the best.
”
Amara smiled in silence.
Vivien suggested, “Matthew hasn’t arrived yet.
Since we haven’t gone shopping together in a while, how about we do a quick one to while away time?”
“Sounds good.
”
Stella and Juliette went to many bridal shops, but Stella wasn’t satisfied with the dresses there.
Each dress looked good on Juliette.
However, none of them was what Stella was going for.
They seemed too ordinary to be a wedding dress.
“I have to use the ladies’ room.
You can continue shopping alone.
If you see any dress that might suit me, just pick them out and I’ll try them on later, okay?” Juliette advised.
Stella nodded in agreement.
That suggestion would save them some time.
She continued to stroll between shops after watching Juliette leave for the bathroom.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
There was a red off-the-shoulder dress displayed in the window next to her.
The hemline of the dress was adorned with smooth Lines and patterns with gold threads.
To say the least, it looked so elegant and noble on the mannequin.
It caught Stella’s attention immediately.
She raised her head slightly and took a look at the shop name—Divine.
After texting Juliette the name of the shop, she walked in.
She pointed at the red dress and asked the shop assistant, “Excuse me, do you have that dress in medium size? Asking for a friend.
She will be here anytime soon.
”
“I’m sorry, miss.
That won’t be possible.
This dress is a limited edition.
There is only one of each size.
Only a few minutes ago, someone came in and took the medium size.
She’s currently trying it on.
”
Stella was a little disappointed.
Just as she was about to say something else, the door of the fitting room swung open.
Vivien walked out in a full dress.
###chapter201
The unique and s@xy one shoulder design, neat lines, and slimming silhouette were almost as Stella had envisioned it.
Their eyes met seconds later.
Stella frowned when she saw who it was.
At the sight of Stella, Vivien’s face darkened.
“Vivien, it’s suits you perfectly.
You should take it.
” Amara walked up to her, oblivious to the change in her expression or the woman who was standing a couple of feet away.
Finally, Vivien broke the staring match and held Amara’s hand.
“Please, let’s just go.
”
“What’s wrong? I thought you wanted to shop for more dresses…”
Amara was confused.
The saleslady came over as soon as she heard that Vivien was Leaving.
She knew that Vivien was a superstar who had deep pockets.
As a result, she didn’t want to miss closing this sale.
“Miss, it seems this dress is meant to be yours.
I can’t imagine anyone else in it.
” She tried her best to persuade Vivien.
“But if you don’t like this particular one, there are many other dresses here that you could try.
You have a perfect figure, so anything would look good on you.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The praises seemed to fall on deaf ears as Vivien turned to look at Stella and said loudly, “I thought Divine only specializes in expensive limited-edition clothes? If this woman is going to be buying this same brand, I don’t want it because that means it’s too cheap.
”
The shop assistant was embarrassed.
Stella and Vivien were both potential buyers.
She didn’t want to lose any sales tonight.
With her hand stretched out, Stella said expressionlessly, “Since you don’t want the dress, please hand it over.
I’ll take it.
”
Vivien found it ridiculous.
Afterward, she snorted and said sarcastically, “Don’t even think you Will become sophisticated after wearing an expensive dress.
An ogre in a dress is still an ogre!”
Stella remained expressionless.
She replied calmly, “I might not be as sophisticated as you are.
But at least, I’m not shameless and immoral to seduce a married man.
”
“What are you trying to say?” Vivien’s expression changed dramatically.
She lifted the hemline of her dress, preparing to charge at her opponent.
“Vivien!” Amara’s voice was gloomy and dignified.
###chapter202
She blocked Vivien with her hand.
“Behave yourself.
We are in public.
”
Hearing this, Vivien took a deep breath and tried to stay calm.
She spat through gritted teeth, “Oh, I had better listen to you.
There’s no point stooping to a lowlife’s level.
”
This taunt didn’t get to Stella.
She just folded her arms and Looked as if she was staring at a big fool.
Her lack of reaction made Vivien even angrier.
She balled her hands into fists and pressed them against her sides.
Afterward, she raised her head high and gave Stella a stare-down.
“You like this dress, don’t you?” Vivien snorted.
“I will not let you have it.
”
She quickly turned to the shop attendant and asked, “I’ll take this dress.
How much does it cost?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A smile instantly appeared on the attendant’s face.
With her hands clasped, she replied, “Miss, as you are already aware, this is a limited edition dress.
It seems you really like it.
So, I’ll give it to you at a discounted price.
Just play six million.
You’ll pay by card, right?”
Vivien’s face turned pale in a trice.
Six million for just a dress? Why was it so expensive?
Stella wasn’t willing to fight for the dress anymore, seeing as Vivien was so intent on getting it.
Turning around, she began to leave.
“Stella!” Vivien yelled in anger.
Stella kept walking without looking back.
Vivien was humiliated.
The thought of running after Stella crossed her mind as she gritted her teeth.
Vivien continued to scream, not caring about her surroundings.
Amara was discontented with her attitude.
“Vivien, you’re yelling.
Just buy the dress since you like it so much.
We’re going to have dinner after.
”
Seeing as Stella’s figure was about to disappear through the door, Vivien quickly turned to Amara and said, “Please give me a moment.
I’ll explain everything later.
”
###chapter203
Once she finished her last sentence, she ran off.
Amara tried to catch up with her, but soon stopped, feeling out of breath.
She grabbed the collar of her dress and said with difficulty, “Vivian… no…”
Her face turned pale as she fell to the floor, feeling a great sense of pain.
The shop assistant noticed her on the floor and yelled, “Ma’am, are you okay?”
Stella and Vivien heard the assistant and turned their heads.
Vivien started panicking.
She ran to Amara and began to shake her vigorously.
“Wake up…Please…”
If something were to happen to Amara, the chances of her being together with Matthew was very slim.
“It’s me, Vivien! Wake up please…” Vivien said, as she continued to shake Amara.
“Quit it!” With a cold face, Stella stood in front of Vivien, holding her hand to stop her from shaking Amara’s body.
“Let go of me! This is all your fault!” Vivien screamed at Stella.
“She’s like this because of you! I swear I’ll make you suffer if anything happens to her!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“This is not the time to discuss this.
” Stella stared at her coldly, pulling Vivien’s hand away.
“If you don’t want her to die, don’t shake her again!”
Vivien stopped moving at Stella’s words.
Stella gently laid Amara’s body flat on the floor.
After that, she turned to the shop assistant and ordered calmly, “Call the ambulance immediately.
”
The shop assistant quickly took out her phone.
Stella stared at Amara, who was still unconscious.
She was about to unbutton the top of Amara’s coat when her wrist was suddenly grabbed.
“Stella, what the hell are you doing? Why are you taking her clothes off in public?” Vivien said angrily.
“Let me go,” Stella said sharply.
“Take it or leave it, but every second delayed could kill her.
And it’ll all be because of your ignorance.
”
###chapter204
Stella removed Vivien’s hand and unbuttoned two buttons.
She proceeded to pinch Amara’s chin with her right hand.
“Her name?” she asked Vivien.
“What’re you doing?” Vivien asked warily.
Suddenly, it hit her.
Did Stella recognize Amara as Matthew’s mother?
“If you want her saved, answer the question! Cut the shit!” Stella said in a very serious tone.
Vivien was startled; she had not expected Stella’s seriousness.
“Amara.
Her name’s Amara.
”
Stella lowered herself to Amara’s level and called out, “Amara, can you hear me?”
There was no response.
Stella pressed on.
She performed cardiac resuscitation and artificial respiration over and over.
She had learned the basic medical knowledge when she was in the orphanage.
The ambulance still hadn’t arrived.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella grew slightly anxious.
She continuously pressed Amara’s chest as she called her name quietly.
The first reaction Amara gave after a long time was to move her eyelids slightly.
Since her resuscitation attempt worked, Stella was finally relieved.
A bunch of medics barged into the shop.
The shop assistant waved hurriedly and said, “Over here!”
The paramedics checked Amara’s pulse quickly and then lifted her onto a stretcher.
As Stella watched them leave, she was finally able to breathe normally.
That was a close call!
Outside the shopping mall, a black Rolls-Royce pulled up in front of the building.
Matthew was just about to get out of the car when his phone suddenly rang.
When he saw that it was Vivien calling, he frowned deeply.
But something still pushed him to hit the answer button.
Vivien’s anxious voice came barely a second after he pressed the phone to his ear.
“Where are you, Matthew? Your mother fainted.
She’s currently at Wilde Hospital!”
###chapter205
Matthew’s face darkened.
“Okay, I’ll be right there.
”
He wasted no time in starting the ignition again and driving straight to the said hospital.
Ten minutes later, Matthew barged into a private ward just when Amara woke up.
There was an accusatory look on Matthew’s face as he turned to Vivien, who was sitting by the bed.
“What happened?”
“I…” Vivien didn’t know what to say.
“Calm down, Matthew.
It’s not Vivien’s fault.
” Amara said weakly.
‘s BunnyBookery
“I fainted because I was not feeling well.
According to the doctor, I’m anemic and will get better after receiving treatment.
It’s nothing serious.
”
Vivien’s shoulders slumped as she looked at Amara gratefully.
Matthew’s eyes narrowed with suspicion.
Something didn’t feel right.
Why did it seem like his mother was trying to cover up for Vivien?
Despite his suspicions, he didn’t press on.
He just let out an exasperated breath and said, “In that case, you should rest first.
I’d like to have a word with Vivien.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With that, he looked at Vivien “Come with me.
”
Vivien wanted to say no, but she had barely parted her mouth when Matthew spun around and walked out of the ward.
She looked at Amara with pleading eyes.
“Help me…”
“Don’t worry.
Nothing is going to happen.
Remember that you are my savior.
Matthew won’t be unreasonable.
Just go and have a talk with him.
” Amara squeezed her hand.
“How do you intend to get married to Matthew if you start avoiding him? It’s better you guys trash whatever issues you have now, so it doesn’t blow up into something uncontrollable.
Go!”
A trace of shyness appeared on Vivien’s face when she heard this.
She breathed in and out through her mouth.
Raising a fist, she said with a smile, “Okay.
”
She walked out with confidence.
In the corridor, Matthew was wearing a white shirt and black trousers.
###chapter206
His handsome appearance reminded Vivien of the gentle boy he was when they first met.
He was now a full-grown man with a strong aura.
Seeing her trembling a little, Matthew said coldly, “This is your chance to confess.
What really happened?”
“I have no hand in this,” Vivien hurriedly explained with her hands raised.
“It was your publicist who.
.
At the mention of Stella, Matthew became even more serious.
He asked sharply, “What does Stella have to do with this?”
“We bumped into her while we were doing some shopping.
Instead of going her way, she kept pestering us.
She”
Vivien stopped mid-rant when she saw that Matthew’s face was becoming colder and colder.
She pursed her lips and lowered her head as a shiver ran down her spine.
After fiddling with her fingers for a good minute, she managed to raise her head again and ask, “Why are you looking at me like that?
Don’t you believe me?”
Matthew warned, “You’d better tell me the truth now.
If I find out that you are lying, you’ll see the other side of me.
And it’s not nice.
”
He looked away and added, “Anyway, you don’t have to stay here anymore.
Stay away from my mother.
Got it?”
His voice was firm, indicating that he was dead serious.
Vivien’s teeth clenched as she watched him go into the ward and shut the door in her face.
Resentment filled her eyes within seconds.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
‘s BunnyBookery
Midnight, Matthew sat on the sofa in his living room as he watched the surveillance footage of the luxury store that Fernando just sent him.
He had a strong feeling that Vivien’s account was bullshit.
As far as he knew, Stella would never be a nuisance to anyone.
He wanted to find out the truth just to be sure.
Matthew barely blinked while he watched the footage.
His eyes narrowed as soon as Stella showed up.
Everything seemed normal as the video continued.
That was until Vivien suddenly charged at Stella despite Amara trying to block her from doing so.
Suddenly, Amara’s face twisted and her body lowered a little.
One thing led to another and she was soon lying on the floor.
Stella quickly gave her CPR and watched her until she regained consciousness.
As Matthew watched the video, his face remained as calm as ever.
But his heart had already melted.
###chapter207
Stella went to work as usual the next day.
The atmosphere in the PR department was usually dull in the mornings, but today, it was lively.
The employees gathered and whispered to each other excitedly.
Stella headed for her desk, unwilling to join in their gossip.
One of her colleagues named Evie, who had been trying to suck up to her lately, walked over.
She leaned over and whispered, “Stella, have you heard the Latest?
Are you aware that Vivien made headlines this morning?”
Evie’s eyes gleamed with mischief.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella shook her head and asked, “Why, if I may ask?”
Did this have anything to do with what happened at the clothing store last night?
Stella shut down that suspicion as quickly as it came up.
Although they had gotten into an argument, it wasn’t that serious to make headlines.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Evie looked around like a thief who didn’t want to get caught.
Then, she said, “Vivien went shopping for a dress last night.
She picked one and decided to buy it, but guess what happened? She didn’t even have enough money to buy it.
It’s so funny.
How can a celebrity Like her be broke? I thought she was rich.
”
Although she lowered her voice, it was difficult to hide the excitement in her tone.
Stella was taken aback, but only for a couple of seconds.
Evie continued, “That’s not all.
The production team of the two TV series Vivien was supposed to star in, released statements announcing her replacement.
Shocking, right?”
Stella asked with a frown, “Is it because she couldn’t afford a mere dress?”
Indeed, it was a slap in the face that such a top star couldn’t afford something she badly wanted.
But what did that have to do with her work?
Stella was confused.
Evie felt the same way.
She shrugged.
“I don’t know.
They didn’t say why they were dropping her.
”
She gave Stella a suspicious side-eye and asked in a low voice, “Since you work closely with Mr.
Clark, you must have a clue as to why this happened, don’t you?”
“I don’t!” Stella answered honestly.
Evie took her word for it because of her serious expression.
###chapter208
Tapping her chin, she murmured, “It seems Vivien is about to fall off.
I’m not sure she will get any good roles in the future.
”
It was no secret that Vivien was only able to get to the peak of her career within a few years because of Matthew’s unrelenting support.
If Matthew didn’t come to her aid this time, Vivien’s career would be toast.
Evie sighed.
Just when Stella thought Evie was done, the latter snapped her fingers and said, “Could it be that Mrs.
Clark has a hand in this?
Maybe this is her way of telling Vivien to stay away from her man.
What do you think?”
“I think nothing!” Stella replied sharply while shaking her head.
“Mind your business, will you? Vivien is a star.
What happens in her life is none of your business.
She might not even know you exist.
Besides, Mr.
Clark can walk in here at any time.
Do you still love your job?”
“I do!” Evie leaped to her feet nervously.
“I’m going right now.
”
Once Evie was out of her way, Stella walked over to her desk.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She was just about to put down her bag when her eyes fell on something.
It was a simple but elegant gift box that had a big bow on it.
Stella was stunned.
Who put this here?
Confused, she picked it up and opened it carefully.
A beautiful dress came into view.
The workmanship was a masterpiece.
At a glance, she could tell that this was no ordinary dress.
It must be very rare because she had never seen anything like this in the city.
Stella grew more puzzled.
Who dropped this here? Was it a mistake?
Just as she was about to put the dress away, she saw a small note in the box.
It read, “I got this dress for you, Stella.
”
On a corner of the note was Matthew’s signature.
###chapter209
Stella’s confusion quadrupled.
Why did her boss suddenly gift her a dress? She didn’t remember asking for any.
After minutes of fruitless thinking, Stella decided to go ask him about it.
She knocked on the door and walked in without waiting for a response.
There were multiple documents piled up in front of Matthew at this time.
The blinds were parted all the way, so sunlight fell into the office.
Matthew’s thin lips were pressed together as his head remained lowered.
With a pen, he calmly drew a few circles on the document.
It wasn’t until Stella coughed slightly that he finally raised his head and asked, “What’s the matter?”
Stella scratched the back of her head and asked cautiously, “I was just wondering why you gave me a dress.
Do I need to attend any upcoming event?”
Staring at her, Matthew spun the pen in his hand as he replied indifferently, “I found out that you saved my mother’s life last night.
That dress is just a token of my gratitude.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella was shocked.
“Your mother?”
Her mind went to what happened last night.
Her eyes widened in surprise.
“That woman who passed out last night is your mother?”
Matthew nodded slightly.
“Yes.
”
Never in Stella’s wildest dreams did she expect such a coincidence.
She saved his mother’s life?
After regaining her composure, she refused politely, “I didn’t do what I did to get rewarded.
As a human, I’m obligated to help others.
You don’t have to repay my kindness.
”
Matthew’s bushy eyebrows carved.
He uttered, “I gifted you that dress not only because of last night’s incident.
You’ve done a good job at work lately, so take the dress as a reward for your hard work.
”
Stella wasn’t persuaded.
She shook her head hard.
“It’s also my duty to work hard as an employee here.
Besides, I already received a good bonus last month.
There’s no need for anything additional.
”
###chapter210
Subtle annoyance clouded Matthew’s face.
He insisted, “I don’t take gifts back.
You either keep it or get rid of it as you like.
”
His tone was still indifferent, but yet so firm that it left no room for refusal.
Stella was a little hesitant.
The other option was one she couldn’t take.
This dress was expensive.
“While watching the surveillance footage of the clothing store yesterday, I saw that you were trying to pick out a dress.
This dress is compensation.
”
Matthew’s voice carried no emotion at this moment.
It was enough to tell Stella that changing his mind would be impossible.
She did a little bow and said while smiling, “Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
I’ll continue to work hard for the betterment of Prosperity Group.
”
Her last sentence drew a line.
She wanted to remind him that they were just superior and subordinate.
Matthew caught the drift.
It made him bitter, however.
Stella didn’t notice the change in his expression.
She still had on a smile.
“If there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave now.
”
Matthew did a dismissive wave.
Then, he picked up a document and looked at it with a long face.
As soon as the door was shut, he closed the document and slammed it on the pile.
He leaned back in his chair, shut his eyes, and pinched his nose bridge hard.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He had been a mess since he found out that Stella was holding a wedding ceremony.
Many terrible ideas flashed through his mind.
He even wanted to take the bride away on the wedding.
Matthew feared he was about to lose his mind.
How could he think of such things?
Matthew looked at the tightly closed door, his face gradually becoming solemn.
In a lounge of a lively bar at night, Juliette invited Stella and Miley over for Karaoke and drinks under the guise that she wanted to have some fun as a single woman for one last time.
Juliette raised her glass and cheered, “Girls, let’s get wasted tonight!”
The three clinked their glasses.
After gulping down a glass of wine, Miley noticed that Stella had only taken a sip of her drink.
Something was definitely wrong.
A little worried, she put her arm over Stella’s shoulders and asked, “What’s wrong, Ella? You have been so distant and cold since you got here.
Did something bad happen at work? Did that cold boss of yours scold you?”
“No.
” Stella shook her head and sighed.
###chapter211
She hesitated for a few seconds and said, “He was actually extra nice to me.
Can you believe that he got me an expensive dress?”
“Huh? Why did he do that? Is he interested in you?” Juliette asked excitedly.
She seldom heard about Stella’s work life, so her ears itched for the tea now.
Stella didn’t give a direct response.
She repeated Matthew’s words, “He said it’s a reward for my contribution to the company so far.
”
“Oh my God! I have never heard of such a thing before.
Your boss is so considerate!” Juliette said excitedly.
Stella concurred, “Ever since I started working for Matthew, he has been of great help to me.
”
“It’s nice that you have such a good boss,” Miley chipped in.
This took Stella by surprise.
“Since when did you think my boss was nice? I thought you didn’t like him?”
If her memory served her right, Miley had always tagged Matthew as an evil capitalist who overworked his employees.
Miley shrugged.
“Well, my impression of him changed after he came to visit you when you were sick.
I was wrong to have judged him just because he’s a workaholic.
”
A complicated look flashed across Stella’s eyes.
Holding Stella in her arms, Juliette advised, “There’s nothing to worry about, Ella.
Since he gifted you the dress, you should keep it.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
I’m sure he’s so rich that the price of the dress is just chicken feed to him.
Now, let your hair down and have some fun!”
She shoved the glass into Stella’s hand.
And the merriment continued.
A few minutes later, Juliette put down her glass and said, “Drinking alone is too boring.
Let’s play cards.
”
“Cards are no fun.
I have a more interesting game.
” Miley had an air of mystery around her.
“Hold on a minute, girls.
I’ll be right back.
”
She put down the glass, stood up and left.
Miley walked to the front desk.
She sought a waitress’s attention and ordered, “I heard you guys have the hottest male strippers.
Could you bring me five strippers? They must be well-built, handsome, and have six-packs.
I don’t want no-“
She was halfway through her order when she was interrupted by a sneer.
###chapter212
This was followed by a strange male voice.
“You are so loose.
The divorce is yet to be finalized, but here you are, patronizing strippers.
”
Miley turned around and realized that the owner of the voice was “Maverick.
”
The man was dressed in a colorful shirt.
He was very handsome but had a faint trace of contempt in his eyes.
She recalled that he was wearing a suit when they met before.
She snickered in her head.
So this was what he looked like normally.
Miley thought it was unlucky to meet him here.
“It doesn’t concern you!” she said as she rolled her eyes impatiently.
Neville grew even more upset, seeing that she had zero shame.
He was about to say something when someone held his arm.
A strong smell of perfume washed over him.
A woman with large b@@bs and a thin waist appeared beside Neville, leaning on his arm.
She had long, luscious hair.
She took one glance at Miley and turned to Neville.
“Who is she, my love?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley got goose bumps from hearing the woman’s amorous voice.
“My love?” Miley raved, staring at him in disbelief.
“You don’t have a right to talk to me when you’re pretty occupied with another woman!”
“You’re insane!” Neville glared daggers at Miley.
With the woman’s arm linked with his, he turned around and left.
“How typical.
You can’t win the argument, so you leave! Goddamn coward!” Miley yelled at his retreating figure.
Miley was filled with rage; this man was definitely not the right man for Stella.
She walked back to the private room.
Once there, she took a seat and drank what was left of her drink.
Stella and Juliette glanced at each other in confusion.
“What happened? Are you okay?” Stella asked softly.
###chapter213
“I thought you said you were preparing a surprise for Juliette.
”
Miley immediately remembered.
She had forgotten about everything because of how upset she was, and now she wasn’t in the mood anymore.
So she made up a quick lie.
“I wanted to get her a cake, but unfortunately, it’s all sold out.
”
Juliette was fine with it.
“It’s okay.
Don’t be upset over that.
I’ll get you a big cake when I’m married.
”
Miley didn’t respond and pressed her lips tightly together.
She thought for a second, before turning to Stella hesitantly.
“Uh…
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella…”
“Yeah?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley asked slowly, “Have you been able to decide the time for your divorce?”
Stella paused, with the wine glass in hand.
She raised her head and smiled.
“Once I return to Bysea and tell Grandpa, I’ll divorce him.
”
Miley nodded, feeling a bit relieved.
Once he had gotten rid of his girlfriend, Neville went back to the private room.
The thought of Miley’s words angered him even more.
He tried to calm himself by taking deep breaths.
He took out his phone and sent another message to Matthew.
After waiting a while, Matthew finally arrived.
As soon as he took his seat, Neville couldn’t hold himself from complaining, “Do you have any idea who I just saw now?”
He wasn’t as angry as before, but he was still upset.
Matthew just stared at him with a blank expression.
###chapter214
“Your very own wife! Stella! You know that woman—”
“That’s enough!” Matthew interrupted.
He had no interest in hearing anything more about her.
It was upsetting enough that her name was Stella too.
Neville came to a pause.
“I just want you to resolve everything as soon as possible, that’s all,” he said, calming down a little.
Matthew took a few sips of wine, the depression setting in.
His grip on the glass tightened.
“I’m going to Bysea during the weekend, and I’ll get divorced as soon as I return.
”
It was Friday in Bysea.
The wedding would be held on Saturday.
Stella had come a day in advance to arrange everything.
The house was decorated in a very festive manner.
The party was filled with life, and a lot of relatives and friends came.
Clint knew that they were coming back, so he stood by the door, waiting.
The vehicle finally arrived, coming to a stop in front of the house.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once Stella got out of the vehicle, she jumped into his arms and exclaimed, “Grandpa!”
Clint hugged her tightly before pulling away from the hug and examining her.
“You’ve lost weight! How hard have you been working?”
Smiling at him, Stella said cheerfully, “I’m fine, Grandpa.
Work hasn’t been tiring at all.
In fact, my boss is super kind to me.
”
“You didn’t come visit me after you returned,” Clint complained.
“Well, I’m here now!” she said, grinning from ear to ear.
After their little reunion, Oliver led Juliette over and greeted Clint.
“Hi Grandpa.
”
Clint smiled amiably.
“It’s been a long journey.
You must be tired.
”
“Yes.
I’m going to take Juliette in first,” Oliver said.
###chapter215
Clint nodded in response.
He looked back at the vehicle expectantly.
He frowned as he asked, “Maverick didn’t come with you?”
Since Maverick was her husband, it was expected that he should attend Oliver’s wedding as well.
“I told him, but he was already on a business trip abroad, and he wouldn’t have been able to come,” Stella said, forcing a smile.
She wanted to tell him that she and Maverick were going to get divorced after Oliver’s wedding.
Clint looked disappointed and was about to speak when he was interrupted by Stella.
“Well, I’m going to go unpack my things.
I haven’t been back in a while and my room needs cleaning.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella took his hand in hers and walked inside the house.
Oliver and Juliette were busy chatting with some relatives.
They looked so happy.
Stella lowered her eyes, feeling a bit sad.
Compared with Oliver’s happy marriage, she had a failed one.
She didn’t even know anything about her husband, let alone be happy in the marriage.
Clint squinted his eyes, as he noticed the disappointed expression on her face.
Was it true? Was Maverick really too busy to attend?
Clint followed Stella into her room.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After he closed the door, he turned to her and asked seriously, “I want the truth, Stella.
What’s going on between you and Maverick?”
Stella forced a fake smile.
“Nothing, Grandpa.
We’re okay…”
Clint took notice of her unnatural expression.
There was a hint of anger in his voice.
“In the past, you complained to me that Maverick was busy, but you never mentioned his name again later.
Does Maverick ignore you because you don’t have family to support you in Seamarsh? Or is it be because you.
Clint couldn’t bring himself to finish his sentence, but Stella knew he was referring to her being an orphan.
She felt a tinge of bitterness in her stomach.
Clint was the one who cared for her the most.
###chapter216
It would break his heart if he was aware about the divorce.
He might feel extra guilty for choosing a terrible husband for her.
Taking a long, deep breath, Stella tried to lighten the mood.
“Grandpa, you worry too much.
Maverick is honestly very kind to me.
He just can’t come this time because he’s on a business trip,”
Stella said, in an attempt to comfort him as she took his hand in hers.
Obviously, Clint still had his doubts.
“Okay, I’ll bring him to see you when he returns,” she added.
Clint’s expression softened at her words.
“Fine,” he said, patting her hand.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Don’t forget you can ask me for money or any form of help at any time.
All these houses will be left with you when I die.
Remember, I’ll always be a strong pillar for you to lean on.
”
Stella was greatly touched by his affection.
She was about to speak when a sarcastic voice interrupted their moment.
“She’s not even our family, Dad.
You only adopted her.
So why exactly are you giving our houses to an outsider?”
The bedroom door was pushed open.
Stella turned to the direction of the door.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Aziel, Clint’s youngest son, stood there leaning against the frame, his eyes were full of disdain.
“Dad, what do you think you’re doing? She may have the Anderson surname but she has nothing to do with us.
Did she put a spell on you or something?”
“Shut your mouth!” Clint scolded, anger reverberating in his voice.
Aziel wasn’t ever interested in the family affairs.
He would just use his father’s money to drink and have fun.
Eating, drinking, and playing around with women was all he knew about life.
He only came back home after he had used up all the money.
Clint said in disappointment, “I thought I asked you to leave the house last night.
What are you still doing here? Leave! Just get out!”
“Dad!” Aziel grew anxious.
###chapter217
“I’m your son while Stella is adopted.
Clint was enraged.
His chest heaved heavily in anger.
Stella grew worried.
She moved in front of Clint, shielding him from Aziel as she stood between them.
She glared at Aziel and scolded harshly, “Where the hell were you when your father was sick and lying in bed? You know very well he’s having issues with his health, and you’re yelling at him.
What exactly is your goal here? To get him killed?”
The color drained from Aziel’s face, as he turned ghastly pale.
He stood there, staring at Stella.
Stella went on, “Every single time you return, all you do is ask him for more money.
Do you even care about him at all? He raised you, in hopes that you’d be someone great.
But have you ever even done anything for your so called family?”
Aziel was filled with anger and couldn’t take it anymore.
“You f@cking bitch!”
He marched towards Stella.
She narrowed her eyes at him and her hand raised instinctively to protect Clint as she retreated.
In a flash, Aziel was dragged backwards.
He lost his balance and crashed into the wall.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It turned out that Oliver had entered and intervened.
Turning to Stella in worry, he questioned, “Stella, Are you okay?”
She shook her head.
She wanted to speak, but was interrupted by Aziel.
“Oliver! Why are you getting involved in my business? Have you forgotten who your real family is? Has she brainwashed you too?”
Oliver stared at him, a cold look in his eyes.
“Are you trying to get Grandpa killed? Get out! Now! If you don’t, the security will have to drag you out.
”
Aziel looked at him in disbelief and anger.
He knew Oliver was capable of following through with his threat.
“Fine! You just wait and see! This isn’t over yet!” Aziel turned around, storming out of the room.
The room grew quiet once more.
“It’s all my fault; I did a bad job with him,” Clint said, Lowering his head.
“Don’t say that, Grandpa.
Don’t let this ruin your mood; your health is more important,” Stella said.
###chapter218
“My wedding is in two days; you have to be happy!” Oliver chimed in.
Clint remained silent, but he had calmed down a bit.
That night, Clint decided to call Lucia.
Clint was uneasy.
“Stella said that Maverick was on a business trip abroad so he couldn’t attend the wedding.
But I’m worried that she was lying to me.
”
He still had his doubts and was clearly still worried about Stella and Maverick.
He wanted to ask Lucia in private to see what was going on between them.
“My grandson doesn’t discuss business with me.
I don’t know if he’s on a business trip.
But I heard that he was going to Bysea,” Lucia said.
Clint was taken aback.
He thought for a while before asking, “Does he perhaps want to surprise Stella?”
“Maybe.
” Lucia smiled.
“If he is, you better pretend not to know and let everything play out.
”
“Alright,” Clint promised.
Before hanging up the phone, Lucia added, “Remember, don’t give Stella the marriage certificate.
”
The next morning, Stella got up early to put on makeup.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A witness to Oliver and Juliette’s marriage, her enthusiasm rivaled that of the central duo.
After getting dressed, Stella pattered out of her room in search of Juliette.
The wedding photographer, having already captured countless stunning photos of Juliette, spotted Stella and instinctively raised his camera, eager to snap a few more shots.
The moment Stella walked into the room, her eyes lit up.
Juliette was a vision of perfection with her flawless makeup and attire.
Juliette was dr@ped in a resplendent Baroque-style bridal gown.
She was a vision, the fabric showcasing her shoulders with a delicate and unwavering slope.
The gown’s intricate design flowed down her back, tracing every curve of her silhouette, while gemstones and exquisite embroidery adorned the waistline, adding a touch of refinement to her already elegant form.
The gown’s billowing, luxurious hemline transformed her into a true princess, radiating an air of regal nobility and unparalleled grace.
“Juliette, you are so beautiful today!” Stella praised her sincerely.
“You look beautiful as well,” Juliette responded with a smile.
At that moment, Oliver approached.
He was wearing a finely tailored tuxedo paired with a meticulously pressed white shirt, exuding an air of elegance in his every gesture.
###chapter219
Standing alongside Juliette, Oliver gently placed his hand on her waist and reminded, “It’s time for us to make our way to the wedding venue.
”
“Okay.
”
They piled out of the dressing room.
Before departing, Clint discreetly pulled Stella aside and said, “Stella, I must mention that Maverick is also present in Bysea today.
Would you consider inviting him to join us for the wedding?”
“What?” Amidst the cheers and happy vibes all around, Stella couldn’t quite catch what was said.
She raised her voice.
“What was that you just said?”
Clint repeated his words.
Caught off guard and feeling a bit flustered, Stella inquired, “Wait.
How did you find out that he’s in Bysea?”
Just the other day, she craftily came up with a little white lie about Maverick traveling overseas.
Clint came clean, replying with honesty, “I got in touch with Maverick’s grandma last night, and she spilled the beans.
” Why don’t you ring up Maverick right now and invite him to the wedding?”
A warm grin spread across his face, but Stella’s stomach was doing a jitterbug of nerves.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She mustered a slightly awkward smile, her eyes darting to the sleek car where Oliver and Juliette were seated.
In a swift move, she gently pulled away from Clint.
“Grandpa, I think I’ll head to the hotel for a bit.
I’ll call Maverick later.
” After that, she walked away, slipping into the waiting wedding car.
In the wedding car, Stella finally fished her phone out after a considerable amount of pondering.
With a soft sigh, her fingers tapped out a message to Maverick.
“I heard from Grandpa that you are in Bysea.
I happen to be in the city.
Shall we meet tonight?”
Not long after she sent the message, a message from Maverick popped up in her inbox.
He replied concisely, “Tell me the time and place.
”
Stella didn’t miss a beat, her fingers dancing on the screen as she texted, “Seven in the evening, Rose Hotel.
Meet me at the first-floor bar.
”
“Okay.
”
At the ping of Maverick’s reply, a wave of relief washed over her.
Tonight, she would meet with Maverick and their marriage would finally fade into the background.
She could enjoy her single status again.
###chapter220
With a sense of ease settling over her, Stella found herself in just the right mood to engage in lighthearted conversations and share laughter with the others.
Before she knew it, the car eased to a halt by the grand entrance of the hotel.
Inside, the venue had undergone a magical transformation, decked out in all its finery.
Like bees to honey, the guests clustered around, showering Oliver and Juliette with their heartfelt blessings.
As the ceremony was about to kick off, Stella clasped the hands of both Juliette and Oliver, genuine warmth in her eyes, and bestowed upon them a heartfelt blessing.
“You must be happy.
”
Juliette nodded repeatedly.
Drawing Stella into a tender embrace, Juliette whispered softly, “And you, Stella, I hope your heart finds happiness too.
”
Meanwhile, Matthew stepped into the scene, a quiet presence amidst the bustling wedding crowd.
Amidst the sea of well-wishers gathered on the lush lawn, no one spared an extra glance at him, all eyes fixed on the bride and groom.
As Matthew surveyed the picturesque setup, a discomfiting sensation began to gnaw at him, growing stronger with each passing moment.
After today, Stella would be someone else’s wife.
The two of them would always be superior and subordinate.
A resounding voice echoed within him, a desperate plea beckoning him to spirit Stella away from this place.
After what felt like an eternity of keeping his emotions in check, he finally found his sanity again.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Even if he stood right beside her now, the circumstances seemed to tie his hands.
His role had dwindled down to just one thing, a solitary action to convey his well-wishes as Stella’s boss.
Matthew clenched his fists.
At this moment, the emcee’s voice swept across the vast lawn.
“Let’s give a warm welcome to our new couple, right here in the heart of this lawn.
”
The collective enthusiasm of the crowd erupted like a storm.
Mathew froze.
His gaze was locked onto the center of the event, unblinking and unwavering.
His heart raced, each beat a testament to the rush of emotions coursing through him.
Time felt like it had stretched on for ages, and then, two figures emerged before him.
The man was undoubtedly the groom, and the woman, a breathtaking bride in her white gown.
###chapter221
Matthew held his lips together in a firm, resolute line, his emotions running wild.
At that very moment, the woman dr@ped in a flowing white veil spun around gracefully, her gaze locking onto the man’s eyes.
As her features came into crystal-clear focus for Matthew, his breath caught in his chest, his heart pounding erratically.
The bride was not Stella!
What happened?
Wasn’t Stella supposed to take the vows?
“The wedding ceremony of Oliver Palmer and Juliette Davis, officially begins now,” the emcee began.
“Please take your oaths.
”
Matthew was stunned as he stared at the groom.
That was the man his wife had an affair with.
Confusion was present on his face.
Matthew remembered the first time he met his wife.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The man standing at the altar was the one who had picked her up at the airport.
What was going on?
How could the cheating partner of his wife marry another woman?
Did they possibly break up? Or…
Nevertheless, it didn’t matter to him whether his wife had cheated or not.
Given that it was not Stella’s wedding ceremony, Matthew had no interest and turned around and left.
He could have possibly come to the wrong venue.
Not long after he left, Stella came onto the stage as the witness.
Taking the microphone from the emcee, Stella said, “I sincerely wish the groom and the bride a happy marriage.
I’m honored to be their witness and I’m very glad…”
Soon, the ceremony came to an end, leaving the participants in a joyful and jovial mood.
After their wedding, Oliver and Juliette went to a party with some friends.
In the room, a group of people, all about the same age, gathered together.
The atmosphere was brimming with life and happiness.
###chapter222
Having given an amazing speech, Stella was the main target of the toast.
Under the effect of alcohol, they all talked for a while.
Suddenly, one of them asked Stella out of nowhere, “You got married last year, right? Why isn’t your husband here?”
Another one added, “I heard that it was your grandpa who personally selected your husband.
Today is such a big day.
I hoped I could see your husband.
I would also like to see how amazing the man is to be liked by your grandfather.
”
Stella felt embarrassed, and she switched topics immediately.
“Today isn’t about me; it’s about Oliver and Juliette.
We can discuss that later.
Let’s drink!”
She raised her glass and emptied the content in one go.
She smiled politely and said, “You guys keep talking.
I’ll go to check on Juliette.
”
Stella took a seat on the couch in the corner.
She glanced at her watch, two hours until she’d have to meet with Maverick.
She took out another bottle of wine and drank.
They had been married for a year without a wedding ceremony, so she thought people wouldn’t really know about it.
She would never hear the end of it if these gossip people were to find out about the divorce.
Stella downed another glass, not caring about the headache forming.
Oliver found her after she had almost finished the whole bottle.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
‘s BunnyBookery
Frowning, he questioned her, “Why are you drinking so much, Stella?
I think you should head home first.
I’ll send someone to take you back.
”
Her head was spinning but she didn’t forget her meeting with Maverick.
A careless smile formed on her face as she said, “I’m fine; don’t worry.
I’ll go downstairs to sober up.
Go have fun with Juliette.
”
“I’ll ask someone to take you home,” Oliver said, still worried about her.
“There’s no need for that!” Stella exclaimed playfully, pushing him away.
She tried to sound convincing.
“I’m fine, honestly.
Nothing is wrong.
So quit worrying!”
Oliver was about to interject when someone called his name.
Stella had heard it too.
She waved him off and said, “Go.
You and Juliette are the main characters today.
I can take care of myself.
”
“If you have any problem, just call me!”
Stella nodded, watching his retreating figure.
###chapter223
She noticed it was time and went to the bar on the first floor.
She sat in the corner, texted the table number to Maverick and ordered a drink while she waited.
She felt uncomfortable because she had way too much to drink.
Leaning against the sofa, she decided to close her eyes for a bit, but ended up falling asleep.
It was currently seven o’clock.
Matthew arrived.
He was led to the table by the waiter.
He stopped in his tracks when saw the woman sleeping peacefully on the sofa.
He couldn’t believe his eyes.
He took out his phone and rechecked the message repeatedly.
Everything, the place, time and table number were exactly the same.
But the woman on the sofa was clearly Stella!
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
His employee!
His heart began to beat faster than before.
A thought crossed his mind.
Was his wife Stella? The publicist who had been working for him all this while?
Matthew shut his eyes and reopened them.
Nothing changed, it was all the same.
Stella was sleeping peacefully on the sofa.
This wasn’t a dream.
His mind wandered off to all the times he had met with his wife back then.
Thinking about it, he realized he had never really seen her face before.
He had thought that his wife had cheated because of the man’s appearance.
Suddenly, their previous coincidental encounters made more sense.
Matthew’s heart thumped rapidly in his chest.
For the first time in a while, he actually felt happy.
###chapter224
Yes, Stella was a married woman, but her husband turned out to be him.
The corners of his mouth lifted into a slight smile.
He was over-excited.
He tried to calm himself, but failed.
He liked everything about his wife.
He was wrong.
She never cheated on him.
It was all a misunderstanding!
He couldn’t believe the smart, brave and kind-hearted Stella was his wife.
Matthew couldn’t contain his happiness.
The waiter grew suspicious.
He wondered what was wrong with Matthew and questioned, “Is everything all right, sir? Should I wake the Lady up?”
“No! It’s fine.
Don’t wake her up!” Matthew lowered his voice.
“Just let her rest.
You may go.
”
“Okay.
Just let me know if you need anything.
” The waiter turned around and left.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once the waiter was out of sight, Matthew just stood there, staring at her sleeping figure.
He was about to walk over to wake her, but abruptly stopped.
Deep in his own thoughts, he hesitated.
If he woke her now, their identities would officially be revealed.
He had hidden his real identity as the CEO of Prosperity Group.
If she knew the truth, would she be able to accept it? Her boss being her husband?
He had also hurt her a lot as Maverick.
He could feel her disappointment with their marriage through the few texts they exchanged.
Would she still be willing to accept the marriage back?
What if she’d still want a divorce even after knowing the truth?
What if it’d be worse and she wouldn’t want anything to do with him.
He wasn’t going to let any of that happen.
He needed time to think thoroughly before deciding!
###chapter225
Matthew clenched his fists.
A battle was going on in his mind.
In the end, he didn’t wake her, but he didn’t leave.
Instead, he switched his position so he could stare at her from the back.
He didn’t want anyone to disturb her.
Matthew kept his eyes on her.
As he stared at her sleeping figure, only one thought crossed his mind.
She was the woman he was going to spend the rest of his life with, his beloved wife.
He wanted to be good to her!
Stella finally woke up.
She didn’t know how long she was out for, but she was still sitting alone in the booth.
She checked the time.
It was ten minutes past seven.
She wasn’t surprised.
She was already used to his lack of punctuality.
She just hoped that she wouldn’t be stood up again.
She had enjoyed the sleep, but now she felt dizzy and needed to use the restroom to wash her face so she could sober up.
As she entered, a hand covered her nose and mouth.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She attempted calling out for help but was forced to be quiet.
Her desperate cry for help ended up coming out as a weak whimper.
Stella fought desperately, but the man behind her possessed such an overwhelming strength that effortlessly pulled her out of the bathroom.
With a forceful kick, the exit passageway’s door swung open.
Stella was thrust into the passage.
She stumbled a few paces before regaining her balance by clutching onto the wall for support.
Her startled gaze turned, revealing the identity of her assailant-
Aziel.
Fury ignited in her chest, her voice ringing out in a demanding tone.
“What on earth are you up to?”
Aziel’s lips curled into a wicked smile, a glint of mischief in his eyes as he retorted, “Isn’t it obvious? I’m here for you.
Waste no time.
I require your signature on a document renouncing my father’s inheritance.
”
Stella couldn’t help but find his audacity laughable.
She dismissed his proposition outright, her voice firm and resolute.
###chapter226
“Absolutely not! There’s no way I’m agreeing to that.
Don’t you even dare dream about Grandpa’s property!”
Aziel’s lips curled with disdain, and his eyes blazed with intensity.
“I’ve come to deliver a message, not to have a friendly chat.
Use your head and just put your signature on it.
Otherwise, brace yourself for a world of pain!”
He hammered Stella with a reminder of her place, his words like icy daggers.
“Never forget, you were an orphan adopted by my father.
The Anderson name isn’t yours to flaunt.
”
“Madman!” Stella’s exasperation bubbled over, spewing out her lips in an indignant curse.
She spun on her heel, ready to storm off.
But her exit was rudely halted, her wrist ensnared in an iron grip.
“Aziel! Let me go!” The words rumbled low in Stella’s throat, a warning growl.
A sinister grin spread across Aziel’s face.
“Well, well.
Seems like you’ve got this burning desire to join the Anderson family.
Who am I to stand in your way?”
“What’s on your mind?” Stella’s heart raced with worry.
“What other option do I have? Count yourself fortunate for retaining your beauty.
Once we’ve shared that intimate moment, you’ll become mine in every way.
Not just my father’s riches, but all that’s his will be yours and mine together.
” With those words, he drew Stella into a tight embrace, pinning her gently against the wall.
Stella’s urge to flee surged, yet her body was immobilized, leaving no space for resistance.
Tears welled in her eyes, a plea for help caught in her throat.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Aziel acted promptly, muffling her protests with a swift hand.
“Hmm…” Stella’s head shook vigorously, a wild attempt to break free from his grasp.
Aziel’s mischievous grin widened as he leaned in, his voice a hushed murmur near her ear.
“Bitch.
When I tried being all nice and sweet, you didn’t pay me no mind.
Now, it seems I’ve got a lesson to give.
I heard that you haven’t met your husband yet.
You must have been unbearably lonely, right?”
His words were dripped in acid, becoming increasingly vulgar.
Stella’s eyes turned to embers, her heart plummeting into a pit of despair.
Aziel’s chuckle danced in the air, his face inching closer to hers, lips poised in a daring invitation.
Stella shut her eyes and raised her knee.
“Ah!” A sudden cry pierced the air.
Aziel’s grip released as if scalded.
###chapter227
His face drained of all color, his hands shielding a certain sensitive area over his crotch.
Without a second thought, Stella dashed towards the door to the passage.
As her fingers closed around the doorknob, a sudden yank tugged at her hair, jolting her back.
Aziel’s grip tightened on her hair, his fingers curling into it like a vise.
“Bitch! How dare you kick me!”
Brimming with fury, he pushed her forcefully against the wall, his words a low, venomous growl.
“Today, I’m going to show you just how much power I hold.
”
“Help!” Her cry for help pierced the air, desperate and raw.
“Go ahead, scream your Lungs out.
Who do you think will come running to your rescue?” In the grip of his seething anger, Aziel flung her to the floor.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Run! If you think you can, then run through that door!”
Stella’s body ached as pain radiated from her fall, leaving her feeling battered and bruised.
But within her, a fierce determination to survive ignited, compelling her to fight with every ounce of strength she possessed.
Repeatedly pleading for help, she crawled towards the door.
Aziel rushed forward, gripping her collar and delivering two sharp, stinging slaps.
“Bitch! I must f@ck you today.
”
He slackened his hold on her, peeling off his shirt and advancing menacingly.
Overwhelmed and disoriented, Stella’s world spun around her, her consciousness slowly slipping away.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Before the abyss consumed her, a distant sound reached her ears—the creak of a door opening, accompanied by a flurry of heavy footsteps.
Then, Aziel’s chilling cry echoed in the space.
Strong arms enfolded her, offering solace and warmth.
The air around him carried a crisp and delightful scent, like a breezy morning by the sea.
Stella’s eyelids fluttered as she struggled to wake up, her vision a hazy blend of colors and shapes.
Relief washed over her; she was saved.
Her grip on consciousness was slipping.
###chapter228
Summoning every ounce of her fading strength, she managed to whisper, “Thank you.
”
Her words hung in the air, a fragile connection before she surrendered to the darkness.
Stella’s eyes fluttered open, and a wave of agony rippled through her body.
The pain that surged through her was almost too much to endure.
Blinking against the pain, her gaze fixed on the ceiling above her.
An IV drip hung beside her head.
A tang of disinfectant nipped at her senses, a sharp aroma that wrapped itself around her.
Memories of the moments leading to her unconsciousness danced at the edges of her mind.
With determination fueling her, she attempted to rise, propping herself up on trembling arms.
Just then, the door swung open.
Oliver hurried to her side, his hand finding purchase on her shoulder.
“Stella, you’re awake? Do you feel uncomfortable?”
A muted shake of her head was her only response, a dull ache echoing in the gesture.
She parted her lips, ready to voice her confusion, but her attention shifted like a magnet drawn to another presence.
Clint’s form limped into view, a cane supporting his weakened stance.
Lines of regret etched deep into his aging face.
“Grandpa…” Stella let out a raspy sound, her own voice catching her by surprise, a scratchiness she hadn’t anticipated.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Clint’s face contorted with pain, his words laced with self-blame.
“I shouldn’t have let my child grow up like this.
This is on me.
”
His gaze bore into Oliver, a stern reproach in his eyes.
“Why didn’t you have someone watch over her? What if things went wrong?”
Tears welled up in his eyes, choking his voice as he confessed his fears.
“If something happened, how could I even look Stella in the eyes?”
“Stella, I take full responsibility for this.
” Oliver owned up to his mistake, his words sincere.
“I had a few too many drinks last night.
It’s all on me.
I’m truly sorry.
”
“None of us could have seen this coming.
There’s no need for apologies.
” Stella reassured them, her voice gentle.
“And, really, I’m completely fine.
”
As she spoke, she gradually remembered what happened before she fainted.
###chapter229
Lying there in the ward, it dawned on her that she had been rescued by someone.
With a sparkling curiosity, Stella leaned towards Oliver, her voice filled with hope.
“Who saved me last night?”
The idea of expressing her gratitude tugged at her thoughts.
Oliver’s brows furrowed as he scratched his head, a sheepish look on his face.
“You know, Stella, I was pretty out of it last night.
Grandpa had to practically drag me to the hospital this morning.
”
Clint’s eyes locked onto Oliver with an intense glare before he shifted his attention to Stella.
“It’s Maverick.
”
“What? Maverick?” Stella’s eyes went as wide as saucers.
A softness crept into Clint’s expression as he nodded slowly, his relief evident.
“Yes, Stella, it’s none other than your husband, Maverick.
He showed up just in time, got you here, and then informed me about it.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As Clint spoke of Maverick, his eyes seemed to glimmer with admiration, revealing a deeper layer of his feelings.
He turned his gaze to Oliver, his expression twisted in a mix of revulsion and disbelief.
“You’re so unreliable.
”
Aware of his mistake, Oliver’s head drooped, words lodged in his throat.
Stella was completely shocked.
In a hushed voice, she kept repeating, “Maverick saved me? How on earth is that even possible?”
Maverick’s appearance didn’t come as a surprise.
Although late, he must have arrived at the hotel.
But she and Maverick were on the brink of divorce.
So, why would he swoop in to save her?
Stella’s mind raced to find an answer.
In stark contrast to her whirlwind of emotions, Clint remained remarkably composed.
“Maverick’s still your husband after all.
It’s only natural he’d come through for you.
No need to be so taken aback.
”
The phone on the table jolted to life, catching Stella’s attention.
###chapter230
Intrigued, she swiftly picked it up, her fingers dancing over the screen.
It was a message from Maverick.
“Apologies for my tardiness last night.
Unforeseen matters demand my attention, and I’m afraid I won’t be able to join you for a while.
Take care and indulge in some well-deserved rest.
”
Stella stared at those words, her gaze locked on the message.
Gradually, she came to terms with the truth: Maverick was the one who landed her in the hospital.
With a sigh, she tucked her phone away, her lips sealed in silence.
In the afternoon, Stella’s doctor wrapped up her check-up and gave her the green light to leave the hospital.
Clint and Oliver took Stella home.
As they approached the house, they caught sight of a figure kneeling outside.
Closer and closer the car glided, the man’s face gradually came into view.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It was Aziel!
Just seeing Aziel pissed Oliver off.
He jumped out immediately the car was parked.
He rushed towards Aziel and landed a kick on his shoulder.
“Screw you! How dare you come back here! Stella is our family.
How dare you insult her like that?”
Oliver grabbed Aziel’s collar, landing punches on his face one after the other.
Instead of fighting back, Aziel just let Oliver toss him around.
He begged for mercy repeatedly.
“I… I know… I was wrong.
“You’re a total waste of space! How could you hurt your niece? Are you even human?” Oliver raged.
Clint was so angry that he trembled all over.
Holding his cane, he was about to take a step forward, when Stella suddenly stopped him.
“Why don’t you head in first, Grandpa? I and Oliver will take care of him.
”
Clint refused.
“I’m going to beat this ungrateful bastard to death!
Do not stop me! I must beat him!”
“Grandpa, please calm down.
It’s not worth it.
Oliver and I will be very sad if you accidentally get hurt.
So please go in.
” Stella wasn’t interested in his opinion.
She called the butler over, “Please take him in for me.
”
###chapter231
The butler assisted him and said, “Shall we go inside? You can leave this matter to them.
”
Clint sighed in defeat as he glanced at Stella.
He turned to the butler and followed him inside.
Once they disappeared into the house, Stella walked over to where Aziel was.
“I’m deeply sorry, Stella.
It was wrong for me to do that.
” Aziel crawled his way to her feet, sobbing.
“Forgive me this once please!
I will never hurt you again, I promise!”
In response, Stella stared at him coldly.
“Please… You have to forgive me… Please.
If you don’t, I might just die…” Aziel cried.
He was extremely frightened.
Yesterday, he wasn’t able to take advantage of her.
Unexpectedly, when he went back, all his creditors blocked him at the door and started demanding their money even though he still had some time left to pay up.
He tried to explain, but they weren’t interested in his explanation.
They were all determined to beat the shit out of him.
After it all, they told him to apologize to Stella and left with satisfaction after getting his affirmative answer.
He couldn’t figure out what kind of connection they had with Stella, but he certainly didn’t want to get beaten again.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He came back home as early as possible that morning so he could apologize to Stella.
“Stella, we’re family, aren’t we? So please forgive me.
”
Stella scoffed in disbelief, “So now we’re family, huh? I’m sorry, but I’m not going to forgive you.
”
Aziel was dumbstruck.
“Stella! Please… What do you want me to do for you to forgive me? I’ll do anything.
”
Stella was intrigued.
“Okay then.
Slap yourself a hundred times and I’ll forgive you.
”
She was not expecting him to actually slap himself.
The sound reverberated in the air.
Stella was astonished.
###chapter232
The sound attracted the attention of a lot of people.
Nobody liked Aziel, and now, seeing him in this state, they all felt a tinge of satisfaction.
“Finally! He’s getting what he deserves! His lesson was long overdue.
”
“This is great! Someone like him doesn’t deserve pity.
A hundred slaps is even too good for him.
”
The crowd began to murmur and discuss amongst themselves.
Aziel stopped after a while.
His nose was all bloody and his face was puffed up.
He looked up at Stella.
“Done.
One hundred times.
Do you forgive me now?”
Stella grew confused at his change in attitude.
She thought for a few seconds before adding, “You also have to promise that you won’t take away Grandpa’s house.
”
“I swear, I won’t! I give you my word!” Aziel agreed without hesitation.
“A mere verbal statement is not enough.
I’ll have to take a video, for evidence,” Stella said, taking out her phone.
Aziel complied without any complaints.
After checking the video, Stella looked at Aziel coldly and said, “From now on, don’t show your face around Grandpa anymore.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“ALL right.
” He nodded his head repeatedly and scurried off.
Watching him leave, Oliver grew even more confused.
“How on earth did he change so much in just a night? It’s kind of strange.
”
“Maybe he’s scared of retribution,” Stella guessed in response.
“Let’s head in.
We shouldn’t worry Grandpa so much.
”
They walked into the house.
Clint, who was sitting anxiously in the living room, stood up immediately he saw them come in.
“Are you okay? Where is that stupid bastard?”
Oliver guided him back to his seat.
“The matter has been temporarily solved.
If Aziel comes back to make trouble again, just tell us.
”
Stella thought for a while and asked, “Would you like to follow me back to Seamarsh, Grandpa?”
Clint waved the idea off.
###chapter233
“No.
I’ve lived here for a long time.
I’m way too accustomed to the place.
Besides, I don’t want to cause trouble for you.
”
“Grandpa, you’re not going to cause trouble at all,” Stella said, taking a seat next to him.
“Oliver and I both work in Seamarsh.
If you come with us, we’d be able to take care of you.
”
Clint wasn’t persuaded.
‘s BunnyBookery
“I’m fine.
You don’t need to take care of me like a child.
I’m still healthy.
Just go back and come visit whenever you have a break from work.
”
Stella paused for a moment in thought.
“Just come with us.
You don’t need to be hospitalized right now, but you do need frequent checkups.
Seamarsh has much better-equipped hospitals.
You’re better off there with us.
”
Clint shook his head, patting Stella’s hand.
“My only wish now is to see you live a happy life.
From yesterday’s accident, I found that Maverick is a good man worth trusting for life.
Just live your Life to the fullest.
I’m living mine.
”
Stella frowned, not understanding why Maverick’s name was mentioned again.
Her marriage with Maverick was going to end.
Her lips parted as she was about to speak.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Oliver beat her to it.
“Grandpa, they’re going to get divorced.
So don’t get all excited for nothing.
”
Just because Maverick had saved Stella yesterday didn’t mean that Oliver would forget how terribly he treated her.
He hoped that his grandpa would see the truth.
“What? Why?” Clint asked in utter disbelief.
He turned to look at Stella.
Seeing her acquiesce in it, he sighed heavily.
“No wonder after you returned to Seamarsh, I asked you about Maverick, but you were hesitating in speaking.
So you lied to me that Maverick went abroad on a business trip, didn’t you?”
This time around, Stella wasn’t going to hide anything.
She nodded slightly and lowered her head.
With a trace of helplessness, Clint asked, “Why didn’t you tell me about it? I only asked you to marry him because I thought he was a good man I can’t take care of you forever.
I mean, I’m getting older…”
“Grandpa,” Stella cut in.
“Don’t blame yourself for this.
After the wedding, we parted ways.
We’ve never met face-to-face before.
And we have no romantic feelings for each other.
This is to be expected.
”
“So nothing can be done about it?” Clint asked.
Stella replied firmly, “We’re just not right for each other.
Maybe he wants to find someone he truly loves, and I can’t always weigh him down with a loveless marriage.
”
###chapter234
Maverick was the one who had brought up the divorce.
He probably met someone better.
Since there were no romantic feelings present, breaking the relationship would be easy.
Clint placed his hand on his forehead.
“You go to rest first.
”
Stella and Oliver exchanged looks before standing.
“Okay, rest well, Grandpa.
”
Before leaving completely, Stella glanced back at Clint.
He needed some time alone to process the new information he had received.
Once the two were gone, Clint called Maverick.
The call was finally picked.
In a stern voice, Clint asked, “Are you really going to divorce Stella?”
“No.
This is all a misunderstanding, I certainly don’t want to divorce her.
” Maverick denied it.
“So what’s going on then?” Clint questioned.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I can’t explain what happened.
It’s so complicated.
There were many silly misunderstandings that led to this, but everything is clear to me now and I want to make things work.
Please help me beg her to give this marriage another chance.
I will gradually make things better.
”
Clint relaxed a little upon hearing Maverick’s promise.
He smiled and said, “If there is any misunderstanding, you should clear it up as soon as possible.
”
He was an old and sick man who had two sons, one of whom was a bastard, and the other was busy abroad.
He had only one daughter, but she married a heartbreaker and took off to Bysea after giving birth to Oliver.
Now even Oliver had a set family.
He wanted to help Stella find someone she could rely on while he was still alive.
Lucia’s grandson, Maverick, was a very reliable young man.
He hoped that they would reconcile quickly.
Clint sighed in relief.
“But could you please do me a favor?” Maverick pleaded.
###chapter235
The following morning, Oliver and Juliette left for their honeymoon trip.
Stella got ready to leave for Seamarsh by train.
She had just finished packing her Luggage when Clint knocked on the door and came in.
“You have packed up already? Why don’t you stay with me for two more days?” Clint tried to dissuade her.
His heart was already filled with sadness.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella smiled.
“Grandpa, I really wish I could.
But I only took a day off.
I have to return today, so I can get ready for work.
”
“Take it easy on yourself.
Your health comes first.
No job is worth sacrificing your health for.
You know that, don’t you?” Clint told her.
“I do,” Stella replied.
She knew Clint was reluctant to let her go, so she comforted him, “Not to worry, Grandpa.
I’ll take out time again to come visit you.
”
After a pause, she added, “Also, you don’t have to always live here.
If you ever decide to come over to Seamarsh, I’ll welcome you with open arms anytime.
”
“Okay,” replied Clint with a smile.
Stella lifted the suitcase and placed it in a corner.
She hesitated for a moment before turning to Clint again.
“By the way, Grandpa, I’m leaving this afternoon.
Can you give me my marriage certificate now?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Clint had taken possession of the marriage certificate immediately after she and Maverick got married.
It took Clint some time to process what he just heard.
He soon nodded with enlightenment.
“Oh, that’s right.
The certificate is still with me.
”
Stella took his comment as his acceptance for her to get divorced.
This made her overjoyed.
“Let’s go get it.
I need it to—”
“Stella,” Clint interrupted her with an embarrassed expression.
Seeing this, Stella frowned and asked worriedly, “What’s wrong?”
“The thing is, I don’t remember where I kept your marriage certificate,” Clint said apologetically.
“Huh? It has always been with you.
How come you don’t know where you kept it?” Stella questioned.
Clint’s shoulders slumped and he sighed.
###chapter236
“It has been over a year since it was placed in my possession.
I was in the hospital for quite some time, so I can’t remember where I put the marriage certificate.
”
He added remorsefully, “It’s all my fault.
I’m old, so my memory is kind of messed up.
”
After saying that, he began to cough heavily.
Stella walked up to him.
She patted his back and tried to comfort him.
“Don’t worry, Grandpa.
There’s still time for you to search for it.
I’m sure it’s in this house somewhere.
”
Clint remained silent for several beats before he uttered, “The search will take a while.
Since you have to resume work tomorrow, you can go back first.
I’ll send you the marriage certificate once I find it.
”
At this point, Stella had no choice but to put it off her mind for now.
“Please, Grandpa, make sure you search for it and send it to me as soon as possible.
”
“Don’t worry.
I will,” Clint replied with a reassuring smile.
This didn’t stop her from worrying nonetheless.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She already had it in mind to start the divorce proceedings when she returned to Seamarsh with the marriage certificate.
Now that she was returning empty-handed, all she could do was to sign the divorce agreement.
The rest of the proceedings would be on hold until she got her hands on the certificate.
The time for Stella to leave came after she had Lunch.
With her suitcase close by, she gave Clint a hug and a ki*s on the cheek.
“I’m going to miss you, Grandpa.
Remember to take care of yourself.
If you ever feel sick, don’t hesitate to call me and Oliver.
”
Clint, who almost got squished, answered kindly, “I know.
You should also take care of yourself.
Remember what I said about working.
Don’t give up your sleep just for work, okay?”
Stella nodded and hugged him tightly again.
She then got into the car, heading for the train station.
Once she arrived, she went straight to the ticket office, dragging her luggage with her.
At this moment, she spotted a familiar figure ahead.
The man’s back, hair, clothes, and height reminded her of her boss.
Stella was surprised.
As she got closer to the man, his scent hit her and the sense of familiarity grew stronger.
###chapter237
“Mr.
Clark?” she uttered, confused and unsure at the same time.
Matthew turned around to the sound of the voice.
Stella was a bit shocked.
“Mr.
Clark, I never expected to see you here.
”
She thought he only used his car to go out, so she never expected to find him at a station.
Matthew looked a little uneasy.
He cleared his throat and explained, “I came here for a company project.
”
Stella nodded.
She scanned the area and asked, “What about Fernando?
Shouldn’t he be with you? Why are you alone?”
Matthew looked away and lied.
“Fernando had to head back.
He had something urgent to deal with.
Stella asked, “Are you returning to Seamarsh now?”
“Yes.
But it’s rather difficult.
I have no idea how to buy the ticket.
It’s kind of my first time here,” Matthew replied.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella noticed the small trace of helplessness on his face.
The corners of her lips lifted up into a smile.
She had not expected the dignified CEO of Prosperity Group to not know how to do something as simple as buying a ticket.
She was quite amused.
Stella hid her smile, pretending to be serious.
“Would you like to go with me? I’m also heading back to Seamarsh.
I’ll help you buy the ticket.
“Sure,” Matthew responded.
Stella began to walk, and Matthew trailed behind her.
A complicated emotion swirled in his chest.
The only reason he came to the station was because he wanted to “accidentally” run into her.
He had come here with the intention of telling her the truth.
He was excited to tell her that he was Maverick, her husband.
However, as she stood in front of him, he couldn’t bring himself to do it.
Just because he helped to deal with Aziel, didn’t mean she was going to forgive him.
###chapter238
After all, he had already defamed her as an adulteress.
If he were to tell her now, would anything change?
After thinking for a while, he decided on not telling her.
He decided that it was best to strengthen their relationship first.
Once Stella was done buying the tickets, they got on the train.
She had bought them VIP seats, considering the fact that this was his first time riding a train.
Still, she worried that he might not like it.
After getting settled, Stella said, “Mr.
Clark, the train isn’t as comfortable as a private car, or an airplane, but it takes a pretty scenic route, so you can just look out the window if you get bored.
”
She was being a bit overcautious.
Matthew’s expression changed.
Staring at her, he asked, “Am I that difficult to serve?”
Stella was taken aback.
Worried that she had said something wrong to upset him, she shook her head and explained, “No, I was just worried that it might be a bit uncomfortable for you, since it’s your first time.
”
Matthew pressed his lips together in response.
He’d lived a different life before the Clark family took him in.
The was an awkward silence between them as the train started.
Stella decided to look out the window, to ease her embarrassment.
After what seemed like ages, Matthew finally spoke up.
“What did you come here for anyway?”
Stella faced him and replied, “I came for my cousin’s wedding.
What project did you come here for?”
Afraid she might have asked too much, she added, “You don’t have to say it if it’s a secret.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“It’s not.
I came here to inspect the Pearl Island.
” Matthew Lied.
Remembering the pearl necklace he got last time, she asked, “Did you inspect it for your grandmother?”
“Kind of.
” Matthew gave a vague reply.
Seeing that she was interested, he asked, “Do you like pearls as well?”
He recalled how happy she was when she talked about pearls the last time.
Her eyes glistened as she nodded frantically.
“Yes! I love them.
They’re like ancient organic gems…”
They talked about pearls for a while.
Stella eventually fell asleep during the train ride.
###chapter239
Matthew checked her out silently.
Today, she was dressed casually.
Her long curly hair cascaded down her shoulders.
He was still trying to decide whether he should move her in her sleep so that she would be more comfortable, when she suddenly tilted her head and leaned on his shoulder.
Every muscle in Matthew’s body stiffened immediately.
His back straightened.
As the train jerked, Stella’s curls rubbed against his bare neck from time to time.
Matthew stayed frozen, unsure of how to respond.
He raised his hand and put it down.
After this happened several times, he was finally able to relax a bit and sit upright.
Time passed and Stella showed no sign of waking up.
It was about two in the afternoon, so the sun was scorching hot.
The curtain was drawn.
As a result, the sunlight found its way into the passenger coach and fell on Stella’s face.
Matthew looked down at her.
Her eyebrows were knitted at this time.
It appeared the sunlight was disturbing her.
Without thinking, Matthew raised his hand to shield her face from the sun.
Her eyebrows relaxed instantly and she even smiled in her sleep.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s eyes were warm as he continued to stare at her.
She Looked so angelic while sleeping.
The first day Stella appeared in Prosperity Group, it never crossed his mind that they would someday feel such a deep connection.
Whenever he was with her, he always felt at peace.
Now that he knew how he felt about her, war was constantly breaking out inside of him.
He had never felt this way before.
As a result, it was hard to keep it in check.
In the past, he thought things wouldn’t work out with him and Stella because she was married to someone else.
Little did he know that fate had a huge surprise for him.
It turned out that the woman he had fallen for was actually his wife whom he never met.
While Matthew couldn’t believe his luck, he was also grateful that he had regained something he thought he had lost.
He was going to be a good husband to Stella from now on.
He’d make sure she became the happiest woman in the world.
Matthew vowed to himself.
###chapter240
“Ladies and gentlemen, we are now arriving at Seamarsh.
Please remain seated until…”
Suddenly, a voice sounded from speaker.
The sound jarred Stella from her slumber.
As soon as she opened her eyes, she realized that she was leaning to the side.
She looked up only to be greeted with Matthew’s smiling face.
She quickly sat up and leaned back.
Tucking her bangs behind her ears in embarrassment, she said, “I’m sorry about that, Mr.
Clark.
I was fast asleep.
Sorry…”
She kept apologizing, her face full of panic.
Matthew didn’t seem to care.
He shrugged it off by saying, “It’s nothing.
The doors are open now.
Let’s go.
”
The second he stood up, he realized that his arm was numb.
Part of his neck, back, and shoulders were now stiff because he had been in the same position for a long time.
He staggered a little.
Worried, Stella Leaped to her feet and helped him stand upright.
“Are you okay? How about you have a rest first?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She couldn’t remember when she first dozed off.
The journey from Bysea to Seamarsh was three hours long.
If she had been leaning on Matthew’s shoulder from the very moment she fell asleep, that meant…
Stella couldn’t even think further.
She wanted to give herself a knock in the head.
‘s BunnyBookery
She had used her boss as a cushion, and now he wasn’t doing too well.
How silly of her!
Matthew looked calm.
He shook his head.
“I’m fine.
Thanks for convincing me to travel by train today.
It was a remarkable experience.
”
After saying that, he took the lead to get off the train.
Stella was beyond relieved that he wasn’t mad at her.
She followed him closely.
Fernando’s car was already waiting outside by the time they walked out of the train station.
“I can give you” Matthew was just about to offer Stella a ride when she suddenly interrupted him.
###chapter241
“The taxi I ordered is already here.
I’ll take my leave now.
See you at work.
” She nodded slightly and quickly left, dragging her suitcase with her.
Matthew stared at her for a long time.
He watched her put her suitcase in the trunk of a taxi and get in the back seat.
It wasn’t until the taxi drove off that he finally looked away.
As soon as he hopped in the car, he ordered Fernando, “Get involved in the development project of Bysea’s Pearl Island right away.
”
Fernando, who was trying to fasten the seatbelt, froze when he heard that command.
He was curious to know why his boss made that decision.
However, he just said obediently, “Okay, sir!”
He then started the ignition and eased the car into the road.
Just then, Matthew’s phone rang.
He took it out and found that the call was from Waldo.
He answered the call with a frown.
An anxious voice immediately came from the other end.
“Your grandmother suddenly collapsed.
She’s currently in the hospital!”
Matthew arrived at the hospital to find that his grandmother was currently in surgery.
Waldo was pacing back and forth in front of the operating room.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As soon as he saw Matthew, he didn’t say a word.
Matthew stepped forward and asked, “Grandpa, what happened? Why did Grandma suddenly faint?”
Waldo stopped pacing and snorted.
“Did you just ask me that? Don’t you know what you have done?”
He shot his grandson a searing glare and then looked away sharply.
He continued pacing, clasping his hands together.
Matthew’s confusion quadrupled.
He could tell that his grandfather blamed him for whatever happened, but he couldn’t wrap his head around this because he hadn’t even spoken to Lucia in two days.
How was her fainting his fault?
Neither of them spoke again.
They stood outside the operating room and waited in silence.
Matthew couldn’t take his eyes off the door.
Worry lines were on his face.
An hour later, the red light on the door of the operating room suddenly went out.
###chapter242
The doctor came out moments later, pulling off the mask on his face.
Matthew went up first and asked, “How is she?”
Waldo followed him closely with his cane, looking just as nervous and uneasy as his grandson.
“The patient has coronary heart disease caused by diabetes.
She’s lucky to have been brought in here on time.
Although her life is no longer in danger, she needs to cut down her sugar intake, rest well, and not be angered.
”
The doctor explained the situation in detail.
Finally, Matthew was able to breathe a sigh of relief.
He nodded slightly.
“Noted.
Thank you.
”
“The patient has been wheeled to the ward.
You are free to go see her,” the doctor said and left.
Matthew turned around and saw Waldo walking towards the ward in question.
He blocked his way and said softly, “Grandma must be sleeping now.
You must be tired.
How about you go back home to rest? I’ll keep watch over her.
”
“No need!” Waldo refused sternly.
Matthew frowned, unable to understand why his grandfather was being so stubborn.
He raised his voice slightly.
Angela’s Library
“Grandpa! Do as I say, will you? It’s unwise for you to strain yourself in this state.
Do you want to faint too?”
These questions made Waldo’s face darken.
He hit the floor with his cane hard and flared up.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“That’s even better! At least, if I faint, I’ll get to be by Lucia’s side.
It’s better than her fainting again after waking up to see your face.
”
“Why would she faint after seeing my face? Is she mad at me? But I didn’t do anything!”
“Stop playing dumb, you silly boy!” Waldo roared.
“Charlene informed her that you have been fooling around with women.
She refused to eat or drink since she heard that news.
I tried to console her, but she was inconsolable.
Today, she fainted as she took a walk in the garden.
It’s all your…”
Waldo was so mad that his chest heaved as if he had just run a marathon.
He wanted to chew his grandson out, but when he remembered Matthew’s father, he decided to keep quiet.
He had failed to teach his son morals.
Why did he expect his grandson to be any different?
The apple does not fall far from the tree!
###chapter243
“It’s my fault, actually.
I failed both you and your father.
” Waldo’s hand that was holding the cane trembled slightly.
“Grandpa Matthew called out.
“How can you believe Aunt’s word against mine? I haven’t done what she accused me of.
I’ve had it up to here with her.
You’d better call her to order otherwise, I will take this matter into my own hands.
”
Waldo frowned.
“When Grandma wakes up, I will explain to her clearly.
I have never cheated on my wife.
I’m not that kind of a man,” Matthew said matter-of-factly.
Waldo’s expression softened.
“Are you telling the truth?”
“Yes, I swear!”
Angela’s Library
Waldo took a deep breath.
Clenching his cane tightly, he said, “I believe you for now.
I’ll warn your aunt to desist from spreading rumors.
However, you have to make sure you don’t get on your grandmother’s nerves again.
”
Stella returned home to find the house empty.
She texted Miley, asking about her whereabouts.
Miley’s response came seconds later.
“I’m on a business trip.
It’s going to last two days.
I’ll buy you a gift, so expect my return.
Love you!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After seeing the message, Stella put her phone aside and began to unpack.
She felt a little tired by the time she was done.
Lying on the bed, she tried to empty her mind.
Suddenly, something occurred to her.
She stood up and picked up her phone.
For a good minute, she chewed her fingernails before opening Maverick’s chat box and sending him a message.
“I’m back in Seamarsh now.
Let’s meet at ICE Cafe at eight o’clock this evening.
We needed to sign the divorce agreement so we can get this over and done with.
”
After sending the message, Stella dropped her phone and went to take a shower.
After that, she stood in front of her wardrobe in a white bathrobe.
She scanned all the dresses.
After a little hesitation, she finally picked out the red dress she had worn the day she returned to Seamarsh.
It reminded her of what happened at the airport.
She was supposed to meet the man she had been married to for a year, so she decided to doll up just to leave a good first impression on him.
Little did she know that she was going to be stood up that day, and it would mark the beginning of many failed meetings in the space of a few months.
###chapter244
Perhaps this was a sign that they were not fated to be together.
The marriage was ending as swiftly as it had begun.
Stella laughed at herself.
After accepting her fate, she put on the dress, applied light makeup, and then carefully brushed her long curly hair.
Her reason for dressing up today was different.
It wasn’t because she wanted to impress Maverick.
Instead, she just wanted to feel good about herself as she put an end to this marriage.
At exactly seven o’clock, Stella walked out of the house in high heels.
Angela’s Library
It wasn’t even half past seven when she arrived at the cafe.
She found a table in a corner and sat down, waiting patiently for Maverick.
Many people were coming and going.
Stella kept her eyes on the door.
It was already eight-twenty, yet Maverick was nowhere in sight.
Her heart dropped and she clutched her phone a little tighter.
Was he cursed to be so unpunctual? What would it take him to show up on time now that she was ready to give him the divorce that he so wanted?
A spark of rage ignited inside Stella.
She was just about to call Maverick in anger when a shadow appeared in front of her.
She quickly looked up.
An obese man pulled out the chair opposite her and sat down with a thud.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Although the man looked like he was in his thirties, he was wearing a large coat that made him look older than his age.
It was as if he had emptied a full jar of gel on his hair which was slicked back.
His neck had folds.
He was sweating all over even though the air-conditioner was on.
There were damp patches on his shirt.
The man grinned, with a pair of small eyes.
“I’m sorry.
There was a traffic jam on the road.
”
Stella blinked severally and her Lips parted.
Was he Maverick?
She was too stunned to speak.
###chapter245
When the man reached out to hold her hand, she quickly withdrew it and stared at him cautiously.
The man smiled awkwardly and leaned back.
He then praised, “You are so beautiful, miss.
If I had known this earlier, I would have met you before now.
”
“Are you Maverick Clark?” Stella asked with a frown, unable to take it anymore.
The man furrowed his eyebrows.
“Who is Maverick Clark? I’m Acton Tucker, your date.
”
Acton was pleasantly surprised that his date was not only hot but also had a lovely and delicate face.
The pictures she sent him didn’t do justice to how she looked in person.
Stella had never been more relieved when she realized that the man mistook her for someone else.
She reminded him politely, “Sir, I’m afraid you have got the wrong person.
I’m not your date.
”
She then stood up and grabbed her bag, ready to Leave.
But Acton had no intention to let her go just like that.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He grabbed her wrist and shouted, “What do you mean? Why are you lying that you are not my date? Are you looking down on me?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella tried to pull away, but his grip was firm.
“Let me go!” she shouted, glaring at him.
Acton not only refused, but also tightened his grip on her wrist.
His long fingers pierced her skin.
He chuckled with self-mockery.
“I get that I might not be the most good-looking man, but you shouldn’t judge a book by its cover.
Fate has brought us together.
So, let’s make the most of this night.
I promise to make it worthwhile.
”
Stella almost threw up when he winked at her.
She repeated, “You’ve me mistaken for someone else.
For Pete’s sake, let go of me or I’ll be forced to call the cops.
”
“Is that a threat?” Acton’s face darkened.
His eyes turned red.
He hated being threatened the most, especially by a woman.
How could he accept such an insult?
He exerted more strength in his grip and yelled in her face, “See, I’m still holding onto you.
What are you going to do about that?”
The noise attracted the attention of the other people in the cafe.
They saw what was happening, but no one dared to step in.
###chapter246
Acton was so strong that Stella couldn’t get him to loosen his grip no matter how she tried.
Stella was so anxious that her eyes soon turned red.
Suddenly, a figure appeared out of nowhere.
The sound of bone cracking cut through the silence like a knife.
The next second, Acton’s grip loosened.
He let out a blood-curdling scream.
Angela’s Library
“Ah! It hurts…”
Seeing him in severe pain, Stella looked up, only to see a familiar tall figure.
Matthew?
Why did they run into each other again?
Matthew glared at Acton ferociously, a murderous glint in his eyes.
Acton fell to the floor, grunting in pain.
He looked up at the man standing in front of him, completely terrified.
There was something about the man’s aura that made him tremble.
“Hey… Who are you?”
Acton tried to stand but was kicked back down by Matthew.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Acton shielded his chest with his hand.
He yelled in anger, “You bastard! How dare you f@cking hit me? I’m going to kill you…”
Matthew stopped him with another kick to his chest.
He placed his foot on Acton’s chest.
“Ugh… Sir… Please… Just let me go…” Acton was terrified.
“f@ck off,” Matthew ordered.
“If I ever see you again, I won’t hesitate to kill you.
”
He removed his foot that was crushing Acton to the floor.
Acton managed to get up and run away despite how much pain he was in.
Matthew’s expression softened as he turned to Stella.
Stella rubbed her red wrist and forced a smile.
“Thank you for coming to help me, Mr.
Clark.
I don’t know what I would have done If you hadn’t showed up.
”
His eyes darted to her wrist.
###chapter247
“Are you okay? Should I take you to the hospital?”
“There’s no need for that,” Stella said.
She looked up at Matthew.
He looked tired, his breathing was slightly uneven.
“What are you doing here?” she asked, confused.
“What are you doing here, Stella?” Matthew asked, throwing her question back at her.
“Why are you here this late?”
Stella felt embarrassed, so she lied.
“I wanted to get coffee.
I didn’t expect that to happen.
”
Matthew looked away from her and said, “Come on, let’s go.
It’s not safe here.
”
Stella glanced at the door; there was no one.
It was pointless for her to wait any longer.
The time she and Maverick were supposed to meet had passed.
He was the one who asked for a divorce in the first place, so why was he delaying it?
Stella complained in her mind before looking away.
She turned to Matthew and smiled.
“Let’s go.
”
Stella turned to Matthew once they reached the door.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’m fine now.
If you have work to do, you can go do it.
Thank you for tonight.
”
Matthew wanted to take her home, but she seemed to have seen though his plan.
“I think I want to be alone for a while.
Plus, I don’t want to take up your time.
” She forced a small smile.
Matthew stared at her intensely.
She was wearing the same red dress she wore the first time they met at the airport.
If only he hadn’t misunderstood everything.
The misunderstanding made them miss the best opportunity.
###chapter248
Matthew’s fists tightened.
He was at the hospital, dealing with his grandma’s issue.
When he saw Stella’s message, it was practically already eight o’clock.
He had raced all the way here.
On the way, he was thinking of what to say to her, but once he saw her, he lost all his confidence.
He was too scared of losing her.
He needed to wait for the right time.
“Um… Mr.
Clark?” Stella was flustered by his heavy gaze.
His expression was too complicated for her too read.
Matthew regained his senses and said, “Be careful while going back.
”
Stella was confused but just nodded.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Okay.
”
Stella got home and checked her phone for any messages from Maverick.
There was nothing.
She couldn’t believe it; she was furious.
He stood her up and didn’t even bother to text.
Thinking of what had happened in the cafe, she couldn’t calm down.
She decided to text him.
“Why didn’t you show up?”
Again, there was no reply.
She was on the verge of breaking down when she finally received a text.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t make it.
My grandma is in the hospital.
I didn’t see your message until now.
”
Stella was surprised; she didn’t expect him to text back.
This was the first time that Maverick had actually given a proper explanation for his actions.
###chapter249
Stella felt a weird feeling in her chest, but just ignored it.
She felt a bit better knowing that Maverick had a good reason for doing that.
After thinking for a few seconds, she replied, “Oh, okay then.
Take care of your grandma first.
We can always discuss our matter later.
”
Meanwhile, Matthew went back to the hospital to stay with his grandma after he and Stella parted ways.
Lucia had woken up briefly after the operation, but soon fell into a coma again.
Her condition definitely wasn’t good.
Matthew sat beside her bed quietly.
Lucia’s hair had turned even more grey.
She looked so pale and weak.
Memories of how she was the only one who showed him love when he first joined the Clark family flooded his mind.
Despite the fact that they had working staff, she personally cooked a meal for him.
She was an elegant and gentle woman.
He hadn’t felt anything back then, though.
He only came back to the Clark family because he wanted to give Amara a better Life, not one where she’d have to work until she died.
Being the heir of the Clark family, he was strictly trained by Waldo.
It was tiring.
He had to socialize with people he didn’t want to.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Every time he returned home late, Lucia would leave a light in the living room for him.
Whenever she heard him come back, she would prepare some snacks for him.
Before he returned to the Clark family, he was living with his mom.
They relied on each other, but she had no time to talk to him about his emotions because she was too busy with work, trying to make a living.
But Lucia had somehow managed to make him feel the warmth of a family.
He loved and respected her deeply.
“Matthew…” A soft voice interrupted his train of thoughts.
He was brought back into reality and responded, “Grandma, you’re finally awake.
How are you feeling? I’ll call the doctor…” He raised his hand to press the button that would bring the nurse.
Lucia held onto his arm and shook her head weakly.
Her quiet action calmed him down.
###chapter250
He was scared of losing her.
Staring at her through his red and puffy eyes, he asked, “How do you feel, Grandma? Do you want some water?”
Lucia showed a small smile.
She raised her hand and caressed his face.
“I’m feeling a lot better.
I’m sorry for making you worry.
Help me sit up please.
”
Matthew cautiously helped her sit up, placing a pillow behind her waist for support.
He gently brought a glass of warm water up to her lips.
“Matthew.
” Lucia was feeling better.
“Don’t lie to me, I want the truth.
Tell me what’s going on between you and Stella?”
Matthew placed the glass aside.
He explained sincerely, “Grandma, what Aunt said is all fake.
I didn’t fool around with another woman.
”
“But you’re divorcing Stella.
Tell me, is it because of that woman?”
Lucia sighed, still not believing it.
“No.
” Matthew denied it vehemently.
“I’m only going to have one wife in my life.
I’m not divorcing Stella, I promise.
”
His change in attitude made Lucia a bit hesitant.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
‘s BunnyBookery
“Seriously? Or are you only lying because I’m currently hospitalized?”
Lucia questioned.
“There was just a slight issue, but now that I know what the problem is, I’m not going to divorce her anymore,” Matthew said, lowering his gaze.
Lucia looked at him for a while, feeling slightly relieved when she saw the seriousness on his face.
“Well, in that case, when are you going to bring her to visit me?”
Lucia’s question made Matthew hesitate.
He wasn’t sure if Stella wanted to remain married to him.
It was too big of a risk for him to bring her to visit his grandmother with the present state of things.
After receiving no response from her grandson for a good minute, Lucia grew suspicious again.
The smile on her face faded a little.
Her tone became harsh.
“Silly boy! So you were lying to me just now?”
“No…” Matthew wanted to say something but stopped on a second thought.
###chapter251
Lucia frowned.
“Could it be that Stella doesn’t want to see me?”
Matthew mulled over what to say before he finally gave in.
“It’s not that, Grandma.
I’ll ask Stella to pay you a visit, but I have a request.
”
His voice sounded especially loud in the quiet ward.
Lucia’s tone softened.
“What request?”
“I can’t be present when Stella comes to see you,” said Matthew, looking at his grandmother warily.
Lucia asked in confusion, “And why is that?”
It took Matthew another minute before he finally opened up about his marital woes.
“ALL in all, I thought she cheated on me behind my back.
But it was a misunderstanding.
”
The moment he finished narrating, Lucia raised her hand and smacked him in the arm.
She shouted angrily, “You foolish boy! I specially chose Stella for you.
Did it ever occur to you that I know exactly what kind of person she is? How can you make her go through all that just because of some silly assumptions? As if that wasn’t enough…”
Lucia was about to explode, so she took a deep breath before continuing, “You kept hounding her for a divorce! If Stella finds out about what you think of her, I won’t speak for you! You made your bed, so lie on it.
I don’t care how you do it.
Just get her back.
Otherwise, you won’t Like to see the other side of me!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew stayed silent and didn’t move a muscle.
He felt like he deserved all the shouts and hits, so he didn’t retort now.
“I have realized my wrongs, Grandma.
From now on, I’ll try to make it up to Stella,” he said sincerely.
Lucia glared at him and insisted, “No slacking.
You need to act fast!”
“I know.
” Matthew Lowered his head.
When Lucia saw that he was serious, she didn’t have the heart to continue scolding him.
She sighed again and asked, “So what’s your next Line of action? You can’t continue to keep her in the dark.
It might cause more problems for your marriage.
”
Matthew confessed, “Yeah, I know, but I can’t just hit her with the news.
I intend to test the waters first and take things one step at a time.
” He finally raised his head and looked at Lucia with pleading eyes.
“That’s why I need you to cover for me.
”
Lucia patted his hand heavily and said, “I’ll help you this time.
If you fail to win Stella over, I’ll adopt her as my granddaughter and get her a better man who would treat her like a queen.
I should have known that she was too good for you.
”
###chapter252
The next day, Stella woke up early.
Her sleep was plagued with nightmares.
She dreamt of that fat man holding her hostage and laughing out loud like a devil.
It was just the crack of dawn when she got out of bed, prepared for work, and then headed out.
She wasn’t feeling herself this morning.
She was zoning out and feeling exhausted due to the lack of sleep.
Stella made a stop at the cafe close to the company to get a cup of coffee.
Just as she was walking to the company, a black car suddenly came out of nowhere.
It was headed straight for her.
After freezing like a deer caught in headlights, Stella snapped back to her senses and took a few steps back.
One of her heels suddenly gave away due to the scraping on the interlocked ground.
She tripped and fell on her butt with a thud.
The car was closer than ever now.
Horrified, Stella shut her eyes and screamed.
Suddenly, she heard the screeching sound of tires.
Stella waited to hear another sound.
When she didn’t, she opened her eyes.
The black car was right in her face.
She could touch the bumper just by leaning forward.
At this time, a young man got out of the car.
Jeremy Rivera took off his sunglasses and put them on the collar of his shirt.
His handsome face looked somewhat rough and cold.
He stepped forward and asked indifferently, “Hey, miss.
Are you hurt?”
“No, I’m fine,” Stella responded immediately, shaking her head.
She then placed one hand on the ground and attempted to stand up on her own.
Seeing how difficult it was for her, Jeremy frowned and asked, “You are headed to work, right? Hop in and I’ll drive you there.
”
“No, thanks.
” Stella waved her hand and refused.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I work nearby.
It won’t take me long to get there.
You don’t have to take responsibility for what happened.
I should have paid attention to my surroundings while walking on the roadside.
”
She thought he was only being nice because he felt guilty, so she made her opinion clear just so he would get off her back.
To her surprise, he looked down at her feet and said, “How do you intend to get to work on a broken heel?”
Stella was stunned.
Before she could turn him down again, Jeremy helped her up and gestured to his car.
“Let me drive you.
Where exactly do you work?”
His adamancy forced Stella to answer, “Prosperity Group.
”
###chapter253
There was a flash of surprise in Jeremy’s eyes.
However, he didn’t utter a word.
A minute later, the car pulled up in the driveway of Prosperity Group.
Stella thanked him again and quickly opened the door to get off.
The man surprisingly did the same.
He rushed to the other side and held the door wide open for her.
“I’ll take you upstairs.
”
“No need, sir.
” Stella declined politely.
“Outsiders are not allowed to enter the building without permission or an appointment.
You have done more than enough by sending me here.
I appreciate—”
‘s BunnyBookery
She suddenly stopped midway.
She spotted Matthew’s car parked steadily in front of them.
Matthew got out of the car.
His face twisted in a frown as soon as he saw Stella standing barefooted.
“What happened?”
Stella’s toes curled against the ground.
With an awkward smile, she said, “Nothing really.
I just sprained my ankle while crossing the road.
”
An inexplicable expression appeared on Matthew’s face.
“Take the day off and go see a doctor.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The tone of his voice left no room for ion.
Nevertheless, Stella waved her hand with the intention of saying no when Jeremy stepped in.
“Matthew, I had no idea that you could be so caring.
”
A faint smile appeared on Jeremy’s face.
Both men made eye contact at this moment.
Matthew didn’t react to that taunting.
His jaw was clenched, nonetheless.
Stella alternated her gaze between them and asked, “You two know each other?”
Hearing this, Jeremy finally withdrew his gaze.
He smiled at Stella and held out his hand.
“Hello, my name is Jeremy Rivera.
I’m Matthew’s cousin.
This is my first day at work here.
”
What a coincidence! Stella took his hand and smiled at him.
###chapter254
“Hello, my name is Stella Anderson.
”
Jeremy looked at his watch and said, “It’s almost work time.
Let’s go upstairs together.
0h, before I forget.
I sincerely apologize for my recklessness earlier.
”
With that, Jeremy took her hand and walked to the building.
Stella made no attempt to struggle.
Her sprained ankle was already aching and she could really use some help.
Besides, she felt a little more comfortable with Jeremy since he was her boss’s cousin.
Matthew, on the other hand, frowned as he watched them walking away together.
Seeing as Jeremy met Stella on his first day here, was it a mere coincidence or did he plan this?
Did he know who Stella really was?
Disturbed by this thought, Matthew rushed into the building and entered the elevator seconds after they got in.
“Why are you here? Shouldn’t you be using the elevator that’s exclusively for you?” asked Jeremy, looking at his cousin with his eyes squinted.
Matthew turned a deaf ear to that and pressed the top floor button.
Jeremy chuckled and teased, “I’m not a monster.
So, don’t be scared that I would hurt your employee.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He then looked at Stella and asked in a gentle voice, “Which floor?”
Stella told him.
After he hit the right button, the elevator doors closed slowly.
Matthew was standing in front of the other two who were still side by side.
“Don’t bother following us, Matthew.
I’ll make sure Stella gets to her desk safely before coming up to your office.
” Jeremy broke the silence seconds later.
“Suit yourself.
” Matthew sounded like he didn’t give a damn.
Jeremy shrugged as if his cousin’s icy attitude wasn’t a new thing for him.
The elevator became so quiet that one could hear a pin drop.
The temperature seemed to drop.
Stella’s lips were pursed as she alternated her gaze between the two cousins.
Although she knew that Matthew was a naturally cold man, she expected him to be a little more friendly to Jeremy.
She couldn’t help but sense that he was even colder to his cousin than he was to other people.
Did they have a bad relationship?
How could that be? Jeremy seemed like a nice person, so it should be easy to get along with him.
###chapter255
Several questions were threading Stella’s mind when the elevator came to a halt and the doors swung open.
Jeremy held Stella’s hand and led her out.
She felt a cold stare on her back.
It gave her the heebie-jeebies.
When they arrived at her desk, Jeremy held out his hand again and said, “It was nice meeting you, Stella.
Now that we are colleagues, I hope we have a pleasant relationship.
”
“Yeah, I look forward to working with you.
” Stella shook his hand very briefly.
Jeremy straightened up.
He put on his sunglasses and said gingerly, “If your ankle continues to give you problems, don’t hesitate to inform me, I’ll do the best I can to help you.
”
Stella nodded.
with a smile.
Once he left, she thought about what happened in the elevator.
Another question popped in her mind.
Why was Matthew so hostile to his cousin?
“Stella!” Evie’s voice suddenly interrupted her thoughts.
“You are close to Jeremy?”
“Of course not! I just bumped into him this morning,” Stella denied without missing a beat.
“Oh,” Evie muttered with doubt written all over her face.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Jeremy is Charlene’s son.
I heard he just returned to Seamarsh after spending years abroad.
It seems he’s back just to compete with Mr.
Clark for power.
I can feel it in my guts that war is about to break out.
”
After saying that, Evie fixed her eyes on Stella in a bid to catch the slightest reaction to that news.
Her face deadpan, Stella uttered indifferently, “What goes on between them is none of our business.
We are employed here to work, so do just that.
”
Finally, Stella understood why Matthew was so cold to Jeremy.
However, it wasn’t in her place to gossip about her boss’s family affairs.
Matthew was in his office.
Jeremy didn’t bother knocking as he shoved the door open and waltzed in.
He glanced around, evaluating the place.
“Your office still hasn’t changed one bit, even after all these years.
He took a seat in the chair in front of Matthew.
Ignoring his presence, Matthew continued examining the documents in his hands.
###chapter256
Jeremy raised his eyebrows at the plate on Matthew’s table that read, “President of Prosperity Group.
”
He leaned back into his chair and said, “Don’t be so cold.
I just returned.
And besides, I need you to give me some advice later.
”
Matthew paused.
Charlene was the one who sent Jeremy to work in the company.
It was clear what his motive would be.
Matthew turned to face Jeremy and stared at him coldly.
However, Matthew didn’t frighten Jeremy.
Jeremy only smiled at him cheekily.
Seconds passed with them just staring at each other before Matthew finally said, “You’ve studied abroad for years, and now you’ve returned to be given a very big responsibility.
Don’t mess this up.
”
There was a small smile on his face, but it didn’t reach his eyes.
“Okay.
But don’t forget, I’m also part of the Clark family and I inherited Grandpa’s amazing business skills.
” Jeremy seemed confident.
Matthew just stared at him calmly in response.
Jeremy placed his hand on the table casually.
“I don’t want to work here just because I’m a member of the Clark family.
I want to prove my worth by using my abilities.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It was as if he was indirectly saying that Matthew was only the president because of Waldo.
Matthew caught on.
“Then you’re free to go to the marketing department that you applied to,” he responded coldheartedly.
The tone of his voice carried a peculiar aura of dominance and superiority.
Jeremy nodded and walked out without uttering a word.
Matthew’s demeanor darkened once the door was shut.
Lost in his own thoughts, he stared at the door with the usual cold expression on his face.
Charlene made her son work at the headquarters of Prosperity Group.
She must have other plans.
Stella…
Matthew squinted his eyes.
Stella was about getting off work when her phone suddenly rang.
###chapter257
Maverick had sent her a message.
“Could you please go to Wilde Hospital to visit my grandma, that is, if you’re free after work.
She wants to meet you.
”
Stella was still in a daze, when her phone chimed again.
“Don’t worry, I won’t be there.
”
Stella stood without moving a muscle, clearly still in shock.
In past two days, the man she was talking to seemed to have changed.
Maverick was acting very differently.
She could sense a hint of softness and understanding through the way he texted nowadays.
Stella shook her head, not believing she had just thought that.
Had her opinion of him changed, just because he saved her once?
Definitely not! Impossible!
She must follow through with the divorce!
She rechecked the message.
Maverick was indeed very annoying, but his grandma was a sweet old woman.
She recollected the last time the woman called her.
Stella had even promised to speak with her again, but soon forgot.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It was very impolite of her to do that.
And since she hadn’t divorced him yet, she decided to just go visit the old woman.
After making her decision, she texted, “Okay.
”
After a minute or two, Maverick sent her the ward number.
Stella finished packing up and immediately took a taxi to the hospital.
She located the room and knocked on the door before entering.
Once she entered, she found Lucia leaning against the bed, holding a book and wearing a pair of glasses.
Immediately she noticed Stella’s presence, she put the book down and welcomed her with a bright smile.
“Stella, you’re finally here! You must be tired.
Just take a seat.
”
###chapter258
Stella felt a bit restless.
She sat down obediently, smiling awkwardly.
“How are you now? Feeling any better? I apologize for not coming to see you all this while.
I’ve just been occupied with work.
”
“It’s fine.
I get it.
” Lucia’s eyes narrowed into slits as she smiled.
“ALL my problems fade away whenever I see my beautiful granddaughter-in-law.
”
Stella’s expression faltered.
She couldn’t continue lying to the poor old woman.
‘s BunnyBookery
“I need to tell you something important,” Stella began, gathering every ounce of courage she had in her.
“I know what you are going to say.
” Lucia tilted her head.
“You want to talk about Maverick, don’t you?”
Stella was stunned.
Did Maverick already tell his family about the divorce?
Did Lucia ask her to come over just to talk about the divorce?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella nodded awkwardly.
“Yes.
The truth is, Maverick and I are—”
She was interrupted by Lucia.
“My grandson is so dull.
He doesn’t know how to communicate his feelings well.
He must have wronged you, didn’t he?”
Stella quickly shook her head.
“No…”
“Come on.
You don’t have to cover for him.
I’m his grandmother, so I know he’s a bad guy.
So self-centered and proud.
Sometimes I think I’m a failure.
” More wrinkles appeared on Lucia’s face as she complained bitterly.
“Please don’t say that,” Stella begged as she walked over to comfort the old woman.
However, Lucia patted her hand and said sadly, “Stella, do you know why I landed in the hospital this time?”
Confused, Stella shook her head.
“It’s all because of that brat!” Lucia snorted.
“A few days ago, word got to me that Maverick was fooling around with another woman and thinking of divorcing you.
I was so depressed and mad that I fainted.
”
Her tone softened as she added, “I could have died that day.
Luckily for me, I was sent to the hospital before it was too late.
The doctor has instructed that I take a good rest.
And as long as I don’t receive bad news again, I’ll be able to make a full recovery.
”
###chapter259
Hearing this, Stella couldn’t bring herself to say the truth.
She bit her tongue hard for fear that it would betray her.
Judging by what Lucia just said, telling her the truth would worsen her health.
The last thing Stella wanted was to be the reason for this sweet old woman’s death.
Besides, the divorce was still in the works.
She had to sort everything out with Maverick first and maybe break the news when Lucia was much better.
Stella felt relieved after thinking this through.
Smiling brightly, she said, “You should listen to your doctor.
Take a good rest every day.
I wish you a speedy recovery.
”
Holding her hand, Lucia said with concern, “Having you as my granddaughter-in-law is one of my major sources of joy.
I want you two to be happy together.
Only then can I be rest assured and healthy.
”
Stella forced a smile.
Lucia continued, “Maverick might be difficult sometimes, he’s really not a bad person.
He’s kind and considerate.
I think he’s having a hard time connecting with you because he has very little experience with love.
Once you get to know him, you will like him.
Please give this a shot for my sake, okay?’
Stella felt helpless.
After several beats of silence, she said honestly, “I haven’t seen him even once since I returned to Seamarsh.
”
It took Lucia many seconds to come up with an explanation.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I get how frustrated you are, but I want you to know that Maverick is very busy.
He’s always going on business trips.
Today, he couldn’t leave work because he has a lot on his plate.
But that doesn’t mean he dislikes you.
My grandson actually wants to grow old with you.
”
As she spoke, Lucia let go of Stella’s hand and opened the top drawer of the nightstand nearby.
She took out a small box and held it out to Stella.
She smiled and said, “Maverick asked me to give this to you.
”
Stella couldn’t believe her eyes.
She took it and opened it.
The box contained small vials filled with several kinds of ointment.
“Maverick said that you got hurt after returning from your hometown a few days ago, so he prepared this,” Lucia said with a smile.
“He actually wanted to give it to you himself, but he chickened out, fearing that you wouldn’t accept it.
”
Conflicting emotions filled Stella’s heart as she gripped the box tighter.
Shortly after, she got a grip on herself and said to Lucia in a low voice, “Thank you.
It’s getting late.
I should get going.
Have a good rest.
I’ll stop by some other time.
”
“Okay, I’m looking forward to that.
” Lucia didn’t insist that she stayed.
Her job was done.
Once Stella shut the door behind her, Lucia whispered, “She’s gone.
You can come out now.
”
A second later, the door of the bathroom creaked open slowly.
A tall man walked out.
###chapter260
Matthew stared at the closed door.
Then, he lowered his head as he stood in front of the bed.
Lucia glared at him.
She spat, “You heard everything, didn’t you? I have already laid the groundwork for you.
Don’t screw this up.
If you do, I won’t take it lightly with you.
”
Like an obedient little boy, Matthew kept his head down as he said, “Thank you, Grandma.
I won’t let you down.
”
Today drained Stella.
Once she got home, she slumped in the sofa and closed her eyes for a quick rest.
It wasn’t until she relaxed her body that she began to feel the pain in her ankle again.
Stella bent down and reached out to rub it.
Earlier today, she used an ointment on it and it went a long way to relieve the pain.
She planned on going to the hospital after work to get her ankle checked if the pain persisted.
But it skipped her mind after she received Maverick’s message.
She remembered the box of ointments that she received today.
She looked to her side and reached for it immediately.
After opening it again, she rummaged through it in search of something to treat her sprain.
She saw one in no time.
Maybe his grandmother was right.
Maverick was indeed considerate.
At the thought of this, Stella opened the particular vial and applied the ointment on her ankle.
It was cool at first.
And then, it burned a little as she massaged her ankle with it.
Like magic, the pain was reduced drastically.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella took in a deep breath and relaxed again.
Staring at the chandelier on the ceiling, she mulled over all that Lucia told her this evening.
Was he really serious about wanting to grow old with her?
But wasn’t he the one who was demanding a divorce? Didn’t he want it anymore?
Could it be that he lied to Lucia so her health wouldn’t deteriorate further?
Maverick gave off the vibe of a headstrong man, so there was no way he suddenly developed a crush on her just because he saved her once.
This had to be just an act.
Stella frowned more tightly.
Thinking hard almost drove her crazy.
Still, she could not figure out what was on Maverick’s mind.
More doubts kept springing up in her head instead.
###chapter261
What an unpredictable man!
It didn’t matter what Maverick thought now.
There was no going back.
She had already succeeded in persuading her grandfather.
Once the marriage certificate was sent to her, she would give Maverick the freedom he had been hounding her for.
Most importantly, she would be free too.
Stella stood up and went to her room to use her computer.
It was time for Klassicluxe to announce the results of the first stage.
She wanted to see if her and Miley’s design got shortlisted for the competition.
A cooperation with KlassicLuxe was important to her future, so it took top priority in her life right now.
Stella opened the email inbox of their online clothing store.
As expected, there was a new email from KlassicLuxe.
She took a deep breath and clicked it with her hand shaking.
As soon as she saw the first sentence of the email, her smile widened and her eyes shone with excitement.
The email began with congratulations.
Then, it was stated that they made it through to the second stage which was a live show.
The date and time would be communicated to them later.
Stella was squealing like a little girl as she dialed Miley’s number.
The line rang for a while before it finally connected.
Stella screamed excitedly, “Miley, we made it! We got into the KlassicLuxe competition!”
“Really?” Miley was also excited.
“Great! This calls for celebration.
Let’s do that when I get back.
”
“Okay.
”
“Girl, you did that! I have always believed in you.
Thank goodness you agreed to give this a shot!” Miley praised her.
At Charlene’s villa…
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The atmosphere was very solemn.
Charlene and Jeremy were having dinner.
Suddenly, Charlene set down her fork and knife, took a sip of water, and then wiped her mouth with a serviette.
She looked at her son seriously and asked, “How was work at Prosperity Group today?”
Jeremy, who was cutting the steak on his plate, replied with a shrug, “Not bad.
”
This indefinite answer made Charlene frown with dissatisfaction.
“How did Matthew react when he saw you? Did he pick on you?” she asked curiously.
###chapter262
Jeremy abruptly set down his pair of cutlery.
He then looked at his mother with an indifferent expression.
“No.
Matthew runs the company well.
Besides, there are many elite employees there.
”
The point he was driving at was that Matthew didn’t consider him as anyone special, so he might not take him seriously at all.
A meaningful smile appeared on Jeremy’s face.
He picked up his glass and took a sip of wine.
This was a very interesting challenge for him.
He wondered what lied ahead.
Charlene slapped the table with her face darkened.
She admonished, “Let me make this clear one more time.
I didn’t send you there to learn a thing or two from Matthew.
Keep your head in the game, will you?”
ALL Charlene had eyes on was the CEO position.
She wanted get the support of the core members of the board.
Once she got something on Matthew, it would be easy for her to pull him down.
Jeremy nodded slightly.
“I know, Mom.
”
He remembered the woman he met at the company today.
Matthew seemed to have a soft spot for her.
Besides, as his personal PR officer, Stella was the closest person to him.
‘s BunnyBookery
An evil smirk tugged at the corners of Jeremy’s mouth.
Perhaps he could use her as a tool to get more info about Matthew.
The following day, Stella was called to Matthew’s office as she got to work.
Once she was there, she knocked politely and stepped in.
Matthew sat at the large desk in the room, dealing with some paperwork.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“You called for me, Mr.
Clark?” she asked softly.
Matthew glanced up at her and said, “I need you to go somewhere with me later.
”
“Where are we going?”
Matthew passed a document to her.
She accepted it and took a look.
“An art exhibition?”
“Donn Lee is holding a touring art exhibition at Seamarsh,” Matthew replied.
###chapter263
“Wait! The master painter Donn Lee?” Stella exclaimed.
Matthew nodded.
“Yes.
You know him?”
“Donn is my favorite painter, I love his work,” Stella admitted excitedly.
She was drawn to the artistic conception and theme expressed in his paintings.
She would always watch the touring art exhibition that he held.
She certainly didn’t expect to be the one in charge of his exhibition this time around.
She couldn’t conceal her excitement.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew watched her with a small glimmer in his eyes.
He couldn’t stop himself from smiling.
He found that they had many similarities the more he learned about her.
He was feeling happier than ever.
“What should we prepare for the exhibition?” Stella asked, smiling from ear to ear.
“Well, we’re handling the publication of the exhibition, so we’ll go to the exhibition hall to take a look at it, and we’ll have to design an invitation card for the event.
” He pointed to the document he’d given her.
“All the information is in the document.
Just look over that for now.
”
He wanted to tell her that he also liked Donn, but the seconds ticked by and he couldn’t muster the courage.
“I’ll get to that now!” Stella replied.
Lowering his gaze, he said, “Donn is a pretty big client, so I will be joining the public relations department to work on this personally.
”
Stella bowed politely, showing her understanding.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’ll head back to start working on it.
Bye.
”
“Wait!” Matthew stopped her in her tracks.
Stella turned to him.
“Do you need anything else, Mr.
Clark?”
Matthew bit his lower lip in embarrassment.
Stella stared back at him with a confused expression.
“You…” Matthew looked away and asked awkwardly, “How’s your ankle?”
Stella’s eyes darted to her feet immediately.
After she had applied the ointment, the pain was gone the next morning.
###chapter264
Maverick’s ointment was very effective.
Stella raised her head, smiled lightly and replied politely, “It’s better now.
Thank you for asking.
”
Matthew gave a slight nod.
He picked up a document, trying his best to appear calm.
“We leave in three hours.
Change your shoes into flat ones.
We’re going to be walking.
”
He opened the document, pretending to read it.
Stella was a bit surprised.
Worrying that her ankle might not be fully healed, she went out today in a pair of three-centimeter heels.
Compared to the stilettos she usually wore, the height could be ignored.
She didn’t expect him to pay attention to her shoes.
A strange feeling emerged in her mind.
She didn’t dare to think about it as she hurriedly walked out.
Three hours later, everything was set.
Stella and Matthew were ready to leave.
Matthew was driving while Stella was sitting in the passenger seat.
The ride was very silent.
They were close to the exhibition hall, when Matthew noticed some cars trailing behind them.
He increased his speed and the cars followed suit to keep up.
This wasn’t good.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s face darkened.
Matthew felt a sense of relief when he turned to Stella to see that she hadn’t noticed anything yet.
He tore his eyes off her and sped up.
He was able to lose the cars behind them.
He was too busy looking back at the cars that he didn’t notice the turn ahead.
Stella raised her head and yelled, “Look out!”
Bang!
The front of the car hit the guardrail, instantly deforming and breaking it.
The airbags all popped out.
###chapter265
Driven by inertia, Stella’s body flew forward a bit.
Her seat belt was so tight, it was kind of strangling her.
For a brief moment, a vague memory similar to that of a car accident flashed through her mind.
Stella grew confused.
Fortunately, Matthew stepped on the brakes in time, slowing the car down slightly before the crash.
Only the front of the car was damaged.
“It’s okay, Stella.
” Matthew unfastened his seat belt, turned and gently comforted her.
“Are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?”
Stella came to her senses and realized she was in his arms.
She was flustered and tried to break free.
Intense heat filled Stella’s cheeks as she was still in a state of shock.
She patted her chest and said in a low voice, “I’m fine.
Thank you.
”
As soon as she left his embrace, Matthew felt his heart drop.
He withdrew his outstretched hands.
There was a fog in Stella’s mind at this moment.
She couldn’t understand the image that just flashed through her mind.
To the best of her knowledge, she spent the early years of her life in an orphanage.
She didn’t leave that orphanage until Clint adopted her.
Why did she have flashes of being in a car accident as a child?
Stella pondered hard to recollect more details, but it didn’t work.
Her head began to ache all of a sudden.
It was as if someone was hitting it with a hammer.
She grabbed her head with both hands while frowning.
Catching the painful look on her face, Matthew instantly got worried.
“You don’t look good.
Let’s get you to the hospital now!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
This voice jarred Stella back to her senses.
She braved the pain and waved her hand.
“No need.
I’m fine.
”
“No, you are not.
I’ll take you to the hospital!” Matthew said in a clipped tone, gripping the steering wheel tightly.
When he noticed that she flinched a little, he took a deep breath and explained, “Sorry, I didn’t mean to raise my voice.
Just let me take you to the hospital.
What happened is my fault because of my driving.
As your employer, it’s my duty to make sure you are alright during work hours.
”
There was no convincing Matthew otherwise, so Stella nodded and said, “Okay, thanks.
”
Matthew glanced at her and said nothing.
###chapter266
Stella was taken to have a full examination as soon as they arrived at the hospital.
Frowning slightly, Matthew leaned against a wall in the corridor.
His tender look had faded away now that Stella wasn’t by his side.
Complicated emotions flickered in his eyes as he went over all that happened today.
No one, not even Fernando, knew that he was going to attend an art exhibition today.
He had made that decision in the spur of the moment .
So, how did those people who followed them get wind of it?
Could it be that they had been stalking them for a long time now?
Who sent them?
Matthew was lost in thoughts for a while.
Just as he was about to call Fernando to look into the incident, a woman rushed over and accosted a nurse who just came out of a room.
“Hello, I’m looking for a patient named Stella Anderson.
Please, can you point me to the examination room she’s in?” Miley asked in one breath and then held the nurse’s hand, gasping as if she had just run a marathon.
Before the nurse could respond, Stella walked out, wriggling her right wrist.
She said in surprise, “Miley, over here!”
Miley dumped the nurse’s hand and rushed over to her friend.
In a split second, she held Stella’s arm and spun her around while looking at her from head to toe carefully.
She didn’t breathe a sigh of relief until she confirmed there was no scratch.
“I came straight from the airport.
The news about your car accident scared the shit out of me.
” Miley cupped her face.
“What the hell happened? Why did you get into a car accident?”
Despite her face being squished, Stella smiled.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“It was nothing serious.
The car just hit a railing by accident—”
“My gosh, Ella!” Miley interrupted, letting go of her face.
“You are not familiar with the city yet since you just returned.
Didn’t I tell you to always take a taxi whenever you are going out? Why did you do otherwise?”
Stella realized that Miley misunderstood her.
When she noticed Matthew standing nearby, she was a little embarrassed.
She tugged at her friend’s sleeve and winked at her to stop talking.
“Like I said, it was nothing serious.
I’m good.
I promise to be more careful next time.
” Stella gave Miley her word.
###chapter267
Seeing that Miley had no intention of dropping the topic, Stella pulled her to Matthew and introduced, “Meet my boss, Matthew Clark.
”
Only then did Miley notice the man who had been standing close by in silence.
For the longest time, she had been curious to know what her friend’s gentle and considerate boss looked like.
Miley allowed her eyes to wander on the man’s body before stretching her lips in a smile.
“So, you are Stella’s boss.
I have heard a lot about you.
It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.
”
After that polite greeting came Miley’s goofy attitude.
She elbowed Stella’s side.
“Damn, girl! Your boss is so hot.
I could”
Stella quickly covered her mouth.
Her friend was such a flirt!
She smiled at Matthew awkwardly and then turned to give Miley a stink eye as if to say, “Behave yourself!”
She didn’t let go until she was sure that Miley wouldn’t talk nonsense anymore.
Again, Miley put on a polite mask and said, “Hello, Mr.
Clark.
My name is Miley Cullen.
I’ma friend of Stella’s.
Best friend actually.
”
Matthew nodded slightly.
“Hello.
”
Stella grabbed her friend’s wrists, intending to drag her away.
But Miley had other plans.
She said enthusiastically, “Since you were so kind to have brought Stella to the hospital today, I’d like to treat you to a meal.
What do you say?”
Those words rolled off her tongue so fast that Stella couldn’t slap her mouth shut this time.
Without hesitation, she kicked against the invitation.
“My boss hasn’t got time for that.
Don’t bother him.
”
She enunciated each word through gritted teeth.
“Okay.
You make me an offer that I can’t refuse,” Matthew replied briskly, ignoring Stella’s words.
Stella was rendered speechless.
She hadn’t expected Matthew to agree.
Miley looked at her reassuringly, then turned to Matthew with a smile.
“Do you have anything you don’t like to eat? Or just tell me what kind of meals you enjoy.
I’ll arrange for it right away Matthew turned to look at Stella.
“Stella will decide.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella felt Miley’s eyes on her after that.
“I know a good restaurant downtown.
Let’s go there,” Stella said in a rush, worried that Miley would say something stupid again.
###chapter268
She’d been planning to try the restaurant out for a while, and she waited to go with Miley when she returned from her business trip.
It was just a coincidence that Matthew would be coming as well.
Stella hurriedly dragged Miley out.
They reached the car and Miley slipped into the back seat.
Stella was about to sit at the back as well when Miley suddenly shoved her out.
“I just got off a plane.
I need to rest, and I need the back seat to do that.
”
With that, Miley shut the door, leaving no room for protest.
Stella had to take the passenger seat as a result.
Matthew started the car, and Miley shut her eyes to sleep.
Stella whispered to Matthew, “It won’t cause issues if we don’t visit the exhibition hall today, will it? Maybe we should go there after dinner.
”
Keeping his eyes on the road, Matthew said, “No, there’s no need for that.
We still have some time before the exhibition starts.
I have someone there monitoring the situation, so we’re good.
”
Stella immediately eased up a bit.
Matthew’s phone began to ring when they got to the restaurant.
He took a quick glance at it and turned to Stella.
“I have to answer this.
You can go order.
”
“Sure,” Stella replied briefly, not wanting to delay his work.
Matthew stepped back out to take the call.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A waiter guided Stella and Miley to their designed seats.
The two finished ordering their meals, and Matthew still hadn’t returned yet.
“Have you been able to get divorced?” Miley asked, her voice coming out as a whisper.
Stella froze in her seat.
She put down the menu and confessed, “Maverick doesn’t want to get divorced anymore.
”
“Huh?” Miley’s voice raised slightly in anger.
“Lower your voice,” Stella whispered.
Miley glanced around before turning back to Stella.
###chapter269
“What does he mean by that? So because he doesn’t want to divorce, you can’t get divorced?”
Stella gave Miley a bitter smile.
She couldn’t figure out what Maverick was up to.
They stopped talking as the waiter walked up to them to server their food.
Stella’s mood was dampened.
Just the mention of Maverick had ruined her mood.
She remained silent as she cut into her steak.
The atmosphere became solemn and quiet.
Miley regretted bringing up Maverick, so she quickly changed the topic.
“Stella, is Matthew also going to get a divorce?”
Stella paused for a moment.
“I don’t know.
Just eat and quit asking questions,” she said, shaking her head at her friend’s behavior.
She’d just finished speaking when they heard Matthew’s voice.
“I’m not getting divorced,” he said with determination in his voice.
Stella looked up to find Matthew standing beside her.
She almost dropped her fork from how startled she was.
Stella tried to explain, “Um… Mr.
Clark, we didn’t intend to discuss your personal affairs.
“It’s fine.
I don’t really care,” Matthew said indifferently as he sat opposite them.
Stella and Miley exchanged looks and shut their mouths.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew looked at Stella guiltily as he said, “There were many misunderstandings between us before.
Now, I just want to solve the issues properly so that she will forgive me.
”
Stella relaxed once she realized that he wasn’t upset.
“Well, If there is a problem, you should solve it as soon as possible.
I’m sure Mrs.
Clark will understand.
”
She would be glad for him if he could work things out and have a happy family.
Matthew pressed his lips together and stared deeply at Stella.
Miley seized the opportunity to ask, “Stella, if your husband doesn’t want to get divorced and wants to make up with you, what will you do?”
Stella paused, lost in her own thoughts.
Matthew stared at her as she was thinking, a nervous expression on his face.
###chapter270
Several beats passed before Stella replied simply, “No.
Let’s dig in.
”
She lowered her head and picked up the knife and fork again.
Her marriage to Maverick was a year old and they hadn’t even met before.
Although she could understand why he wanted a divorce, she was pissed by his recent behavior.
He was dragging the divorce process longer than it was supposed to be.
Worse still, he fabricated a silly excuse.
It angered Stella so much to think that he said she cheated on him.
Since they got legally married, her work took the front burner.
She came back to the country with the hope that she would get to know her husband better and start a new life with him.
She had never cheated on him.
There was a spike in Stella’s rage as she thought about Maverick.
She stabbed the piece of steak with her fork and cut through it even harder with the knife.
Matthew felt a stabbing pain in his heart as he watched her.
It dawned on him that Stella had a very bad impression of him, so much so that she didn’t want to talk about him.
He was at a loss what to do.
Sensing that Stella couldn’t be bothered about her husband and wanted to move on, Miley breathed a sigh of relief.
“That’s my girl! You are the prize.
Maverick doesn’t deserve you, so dump him!”
Stella paused.
She turned her head and gave Miley a warning look, signaling her to change the topic immediately.
Miley took the hint.
Afraid that Stella would be mad at her, she moved on to talk about the beautiful sights she had witnessed during her business trip.
Stella dropped a few remarks from time to time.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The chit-chat lightened up the atmosphere.
There was harmony now.
In contrast, there was an ongoing storm inside Matthew.
Their words sounded distant to him.
He stuffed his mouth with food as Stella’s response sometime back kept echoing in his mind.
Her tone was firm and without a trace of hesitation.
The meal seemed to end happily amidst Miley’s laughter.
They all walked out of the restaurant together.
After saying goodbye to Matthew, Stella practically dragged her naughty friend away.
Matthew stared at their receding figures until they were out of sight.
###chapter271
His shoulders dropped as he thought of Stella’s outright refusal.
What was he going to do now?
Confused and disturbed, he made a call to his friend, Neville.
“Let’s meet up at the usual.
Inform Cordell.
”
At Blue Moon Bar, Neville and Cordell arrived together, only to find that Matthew had already drunk half of a bottle of whiskey.
When they exchanged glances, they both saw that they had the same thought.
What was wrong with Matthew?
Neville sat down first and poured himself a glass of wine.
“Fancy seeing you, pal! I can’t even remember the last time you hung out with us.
To what do we owe this surprise?” he teased, taking a sip.
Cordell echoed, “Indeed! I was just thinking of making an appointment to see you at your company.
”
He swirled the content of his glass as his eyes narrowed.
His instincts told him that Matthew’s sudden call for them to hang out had something to do with Stella.
“My man!” Neville clinked glasses with Cordell.
He then sneered, “I have seen many things in my lifetime.
Judging by his current expression, our friend here is having love problems.
He’s confused that’s why he is sulking like a child.
”
Matthew frowned immediately, but remained mute.
“Ha-ha! I never thought the day would come that you’d be like this, Matthew!” Neville burst into laughter.
“Tell us.
Who has got you sulking now?”
Matthew’s head suddenly shot up.
His deathly stare silenced Neville in no time.
The latter’s heart trembled.
“I won’t be divorcing my wife anymore, Matthew said seriously, staring into space.
“What! Are you crazy? Or are you already drunk?” Neville was shocked to the bone.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Why did you change your mind? Have you forgotten what kind of a woman your wife is?”
That arrogant woman had left a lasting impression on him.
And it wasn’t a good one.
She was the most unreasonable woman he had ever met.
Neville drank up the wine in his glass in one gulp.
His blood began to boil as he reminisced about his meeting with Matthew’s so-called wife.
He slammed the bottom of his glass to the table and said angrily, “Matthew, you should have seen how badly that woman behaved when I met her! She came with her boyfriend and left with him too.
Why the hell do you want to remain married to her?”
Cordell, who was the calmest of the trio, didn’t get worked up now.
###chapter272
He cautioned him, “Keep your voice down.
Let’s listen to what Matthew has to say first.
”
Hearing this, Neville grunted and reclined on the chair.
Matthew took another sip of whisky.
Several seconds passed as he stared blankly at his glass.
Finally, he said slowly, “All that happened in the past was just a misunderstanding.
I know better now.
Besides, for the sake of my company and my grandmother’s health, getting a divorce now isn’t the right thing to do.
”
“Bullshit!” Neville wasn’t having it.
He felt that Matthew was lying through his teeth.
Just as he was about to get short with him, Cordell stopped him.
He shook his head at Neville, then turned to look at Matthew, and asked calmly, “Matthew, let’s get this straight.
You are going to meet Stella, settle all your differences, and begin to live as a couple.
Is that what you are saying?”
Matthew pursed his lips and seemed to be thinking about it.
After a long time, he replied, “Yeah, but I just hope that she doesn’t hate me very much.
”
Neville’s eyes widened.
Cordell also frowned.
In all the years Neville and Cordell had known Matthew, this was the first time they were witnessing him be humble.
They didn’t know how to respond to this unusual behavior.
From what they could remember, Vivien was the only woman who they saw around Matthew.
She would try to start conversations and flatter him, but Matthew would respond dryly.
He only entertained her at all for his mother’s sake.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It was hard to believe that the man they knew was the same one sitting here being depressed because of a woman.
Wasn’t he supposed to be cold and uncaring?
Besides, he’d hated everything about this woman.
What could have happened?
Neville and Cordell exchanged confused looks.
The room was deadly silent.
Not a sound could be heard.
Matthew looked awful.
He downed another glass within a second.
He had used his time on the road to think.
###chapter273
It was all his fault.
His stupid decisions had ruined their relationship.
He needed to fix his own mistakes.
He needed to change how Stella viewed Maverick.
But how was he going to do that?
Bitterness and regret filled his heart as he shot back another glass.
Cordell looked at the dejected look on Matthew’s face and realized that he was very serious.
“Do you need our help to get your wife back?” he asked.
A bitter smile was plastered on Matthew’s face as he nodded.
“What?” Neville didn’t know what to do with Matthew.
He turned away from Matthew furiously and continued to drink.
Cordell wasn’t nearly as upset as Neville.
This Clark family had arranged this whole marriage.
Matthew’s wife was chosen by Waldo, so she couldn’t be that bad.
Perhaps Matthew was right, and there was just some misunderstanding.
Cordell finally spoke after thinking for a while.
“You could just get her something that women really like.
She might forgive you if you do.
”
“Like what?” Matthew asked, perplexed.
He knew nothing about what women Liked.
Cordell looked at him in pure shock and disbelief.
“Most women love flowers, chocolate, jewelry…”
Matthew was lost.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He didn’t know how to make women happy.
But fortunately for him, he had his good friends to help.
Cordell’s words made sense.
“How much should I get?” Matthew asked.
Not being able to keep up his silent sulk anymore, Neville finally joined the conversation.
“A lot.
The more you get, the better.
”
In full agreement to what they had said, Matthew nodded.
“Thank you.
I owe you guys,” he said as he raised his glass in the air.
###chapter274
Neville hesitated for a second before clinking his glass with Matthew’s.
He wondered what made Matthew change his mind.
Could his wife have given some kind of love potion? Or did she bewitch him?
It was night already.
Matthew couldn’t fall asleep at all.
He couldn’t figure out what to get Stella.
After considering every option, he called Fernando.
“Mr.
Clark?” Fernando’s sleepy voice came from the other end of the line.
“I need you to prepare some roses tomorrow…” Matthew ordered.
He remembered what Neville had said.
“A lot of roses.
I’m giving them to someone.
”
Fernando was slightly confused.
Matthew had never asked for something like this before.
What was going on?
“How many should I get? Any specific amount?” he asked, not daring to question Matthew’s sudden request.
Matthew didn’t know either.
After a while, he finally decided.
“I want a whole truck full of roses.
”
Fernando was rendered speechless.
This would be the first time he had ever seen someone receive a whole truck of roses.
Certainly, the rich lived a completely different life than the rest of them.
“Okay then.
But where should they be sent to?”
Matthew gave him Miley’s address.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’m on it,” Fernando responded.
“Remember, no one should know it’s from me,” Matthew reminded sternly, before hanging up.
The sun rose on a new day.
After their breakfast, Stella and Miley were all set for work when a sudden ring of the doorbell echoed through the house.
With swift steps, Stella reached the door and found the security guard waiting there.
“What can I do for you?”
###chapter275
“Good morning, miss.
I’ve got something here that requires your signature.
”
Stella noticed a truck parked outside.
A look of confusion crossed her face.
Miley, fueled by her curiosity, stepped closer and peeked into the truck.
With a burst of amazement, she exclaimed, “Oh my goodness!”
The truck held a cargo of red roses, each glistening with dew, radiating a vibrant beauty.
“Stella, come here fast!”
Stella stepped closer and was just as amazed by the truck filled with red roses.
Looking at the excited Miley, she praised with honesty, “Your admirer is really romantic.
He knows how to make girls happy.
”
Miley shook her head.
“It’s not for me.
I’ve been busy with work lately, and I don’t have anyone pursuing me.
”
Stella was surprised.
“Then who are these from?”
Right after she said that, her phone buzzed.
It was a message from Maverick.
“I’m sorry.
My project isn’t done yet.
I can’t come back to Seamarsh for now.
The roses are an apology gift.
”
Stella’s eyes widened in surprise.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Did Maverick send the truck?
Miley remained unaware of it, approaching the security guard.
“If the delivery’s a mistake, tell the driver to send it back.
”
“Actually, it’s a gift from Maverick,” Stella revealed helplessly.
“Maverick?” Miley echoed, her astonishment deepening.
Stella nodded solemnly, her expression earnest.
This unexpected gesture showcased his refusal to let their relationship crumble.
Stella’s mind swirled in a sea of bewilderment, struggling to decipher Maverick’s intentions.
###chapter276
Miley pulled a long face.
“Maverick is too contradictory.
He never makes any sense.
What on earth does he want?”
As the memory of her encounter with “Maverick” at the bar replayed in her mind, a surge of repulsion coursed through her veins, intensifying her emotions.
With a contemplative gaze, Miley fixed her eyes on the assortment of roses within the truck.
“I’m guessing it’d take him a good three months’ worth of pay to afford these roses.
Quite the sacrifice he’s making for you!”
Stella looked away indifferently and called Maverick.
But the call was abruptly disconnected.
Frowning, Stella was about to call him again when her attention was drawn to a black car parking behind the truck.
It was Matthew’s car.
Stella slipped her phone into her pocket and began to make her way towards the new arrival.
“Good morning, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew nodded in response, his gaze skimming over the truck in a manner that suggested a casual interest.
“It is a gift from Stella’s husband,” Miley chimed in.
A fleeting flicker of satisfaction danced across Matthew’s eyes.
Fernando was really reliable.
Stella huffed, “This is troublesome.
There’re so many roses, and I’ll have to take them home in batches.
They’ll wilt before long.
”
The radiant smile on Mathew’s face faltered, replaced by an unusual hint of unease that rarely graced his handsome features.
Amidst an internal stream of curses aimed at Neville’s ill-conceived suggestion, he cleared his throat and turned to Stella.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Can I help?”
“No, thanks.
” Stella’s response was swift.
She pondered for a moment, took purposeful strides towards the truck and told the driver, “Please ensure these flowers find their way to…”
She told him the address.
Matthew’s eyes narrowed.
The address she mentioned was unfamiliar to him.
###chapter277
Why are you sending these roses there?” he asked, his voice a facade of calmness.
Smiling, Stella elaborated, “Today’s the day for Shane’s advertising film press conference.
These roses will be the perfect addition to the setting, and I’ll make sure they’re utilized to their fullest potential.
”
Miley immediately agreed.
“That’s a good idea! After all, these flowers would just crowd our living space otherwise.
They do demand quite a bit of room.
”
Lost in their conversation, they failed to notice the shadow that crossed Matthew’s face, like a storm cloud passing over a once-clear sky.
“I’m going to work.
”
With a decisive turn, he slipped into his waiting car.
As he prepared to ignite the engine, his attention was stolen by the sudden vibration of his phone.
Upon seeing Stella’s name displayed, Matthew rushed to read the message.
The content was very simple.
“I received the flowers.
”
The fact that Stella sent the message held significance, an indication that perhaps she wasn’t entirely unreceptive towards him.
His spirits were restored.
Gazing out of the car window, he spotted Stella engrossed in an animated conversation with Miley.
A smile naturally graced his Lips.
‘s BunnyBookery
As Matthew stepped into the company building, Fernando trailed right behind him, clutching a stack of documents.
With purposeful steps, he delivered updates on the progress of Donn’s upcoming art exhibition.
“Yesterday, there were a group of reporters waiting outside the exhibition hall to get some information, but I dealt with them.
Everything about the art exhibition is confidential.
”
Matthew acknowledged the update with a nod of his head.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Shedding his coat, he settled into a chair, his demeanor exuding a distinct chill.
Gazing upward, he directed a penetrating gaze at Fernando.
“Any word on the car chase from yesterday?”
Meeting Matthew’s intensity with seriousness, Fernando responded, “I’ve taken the initiative to involve the police in the matter.
We’re still awaiting a response from their end.
”
“Okay.
” Mathew replied nonchalantly.
He leaned back in his chair, his fingers absently tapping on the armrest.
His mind wandered back to the events of the previous day, replaying them in his thoughts.
###chapter278
The other party had come fully prepared.
It led him to wonder if these individuals had some connection to Charlene.
Had Charlene been so eager to kill him upon Jeremy’s return?
Matthew’s features grew more and more serious, his brow furrowing as he connected the dots.
“Mr.
Clark.
” Fernando called out to him.
Matthew withdrew his gaze from whatever distant place it had been fixed upon, meeting Fernando’s eyes with a questioning look.
With a practiced gesture, Fernando retrieved a booklet from his briefcase.
“The thumbnail and introduction of Donn’s art exhibition are all in this booklet.
”
Matthew took it and turned a few pages.
After a thoughtful moment, Fernando chimed in, “They haven’t figured out that car chase yet.
Considering how they Linked you to Donn’s art exhibition, and seeing how their attempt failed this time, it’s possible they might see this as a chance to strike.
For your own safety, it might be wise to steer clear of the scene for a while.
You know, just in case something were to go wrong.
”
Matthew absorbed this, the seconds ticking by slowly before he finally responded, “I understand.
”
“If there is nothing else, I’ll go out first.
”
With a decisive nod, Matthew closed the folder before instructing, “Let Stella and Docie know that I need them to gather in the meeting room in ten minutes.
”
“I’ll handle it immediately.
” Fernando nodded, acknowledging the task, and then he pivoted gracefully on his heels and left the room.
In the meeting room, Matthew settled comfortably into his seat, flanked by Stella on one side and Docie on the other.
Leaning forward, Matthew turned to Fernando and requested him to deliver the necessary materials.
Then, he explained the purpose of the assembly.
“Our company bears the responsibility of designing the invitation card for Donn’s upcoming art exhibition.
Do you have any ideas?”
Docie, the director of the design department, exuded an air of seasoned mastery.
Her years of dedicated labor had woven an air of elegance around her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a leisurely scan of the documents, she piped up, “Donn is a senior art master.
I think the invitation should be as simple as possible to highlight the spirit of a master.
”
Matthew stayed poker-faced, no comments escaping his lips.
Docie pondered for a few seconds, then said more specifically, “I’m thinking we start with a clean white canvas…”
She stopped.
Mathew raised his head and asked, “What about the details?”
###chapter279
Caught in a moment’s hesitation, Docie confessed, “I’m sorry, Mr.
Clark.
I only think of this for the time being.
After conducting research, I will provide you with a specific design plan.
”
Mathew’s mouth straightened into a thin line.
He turned to Stella and asked, “What do you think?”
Stella’s heart skipped a beat at the unexpected question.
But soon, a sense of calm washed over her, and she responded with a gentle grin, “I really admire his art.
And I’ve read about his life in the news, which made me realize something intriguing.
He adds a tiny flower to each of his paintings.
”
Matthew nodded.
“Tell me more.
”
Shooting a quick glance at Matthew, Stella continued, “The flower represents his wife.
They are crazy about each other, and she has this thing for flowers.
Her name is Flower, too.
They’re about to hit their thirtieth wedding anniversary this year.
So, I was thinking, why not slip a tiny rose onto the invitation? It’d symbolize his eternal love for her.
”
“Do you have any specific ideas?” Matthew asked with great interest.
Stella replied coolly, “Picture this: the invitation itself could be a rose-shaped cutout.
”
As she read through the materials, an image of the truck filled with roses parked under the morning sun popped into her head, filling her with sudden inspiration.
With a satisfied nod, Matthew chimed in, “That’s a good idea.
”
Stella felt flattered by his praise.
Before she could gather her thoughts, Matthew’s praise continued to flow.
“You’ve been a constant source of surprises lately.
Keep up the great work.
”
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
I’ll keep putting in my best effort,” Stella replied politely.
Matthew ordered, “Work alongside the design team and blend their ideas into the invitation card concept.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“OF course,” Stella replied softly.
Docie shot Stella a meaningful Look.
It was currently eight in the evening and everyone else had clocked out, but Stella was still working.
The art exhibition was fast approaching.
Matthew wasn’t rushing her to finish quickly, but she felt the need to hurry.
She had to get different design suggestions for the invitation card so that Matthew could pick one as soon as possible.
Fernando was about heading out when light from Stella’s office caught his eye.
He walked towards the source.
“Stella?”
###chapter280
She jerked her head up, slightly startled.
“I didn’t know you were still here.
”
Fernando went closer and took a look at her computer.
“Oh, you’re still working on that?”
“Yeah.
I just need to get it done quickly, so the design department can start working on it immediately,” Stella explained with a smile.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Okay then.
Don’t stay too late, remember the power is going to go out by ten o’clock,” Fernando said, checking the time on his watch.
“Okay, I won’t.
Thank you,” Stella replied.
Fernando spun on his heels and left.
Stella dived into her work again.
By the time she remembered the power outage, it was already two minutes to ten o’clock.
She ran to the elevator in a hurry after saving the files and tidying up.
She pressed the button of the elevator, when suddenly everywhere turned dark.
A wave of regret hit her as she stood there in silence.
Here she was, stuck and standing in the dark, even after Fernando had reminded her.
What was wrong with her? Why did she lose track of the time?
The darkness was so thick that she couldn’t even see her hand.
She took out her phone and turned the flash on.
At last, she could see a little.
After a few seconds, she finally came across the staircase door.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The creaking sound of the door being opened was so loud because of how quiet the environment was.
The vibe was completely creepy.
Fear overwhelmed her.
She made a short prayer and increased her pace.
The echoing sound of her heels against the tiles made her feel even worse.
As Stella walked further, her fear doubled.
She decided on calling Miley, to make her feel less scared when her phone rang.
###chapter281
“ARI”
The loud ring startled Stella.
She jumped in fear and tossed her phone aside.
Her phone landed two steps below, and continued ringing.
Stella took a long, deep breath before going down to get it.
‘s BunnyBookery
The screen had cracked in multiple places.
A wave of sadness hit her as she stared at the phone.
It would cost a lot to get the screen changed.
An unknown number was on the screen.
Who could that be? The person continued calling, waiting for her to pick up.
Stella frowned in annoyance and confusion as she answered the phone.
She didn’t even get the opportunity to say something when the person on the other Line spoke.
“It’s me.
Matthew.
”
Stella didn’t know how to react; she just stood there for a few seconds before finally replying, “Is there an issue, Mr.
Clark? Do you need me to do something?”
Matthew never called her when she was off duty except if there was an emergency at the company.
She became a bit agitated.
“Are you done working?” Matthew asked.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella was not expecting him to ask that.
But she still answered honestly, “Yes.
I’m off duty.
”
“ALL right.
This is my personal phone number.
You can reach me more easily here from now on.
”
Matthew got a new number because Stella had the old one, but she knew it as Maverick’s number, not his.
Since she was his wife, he didn’t want to just contact her with his work number alone.
He was going to creep into her life little by little.
But Maverick’s identity…
“I’ll save it now then.
”
His train of thought was cut off by Stella’s voice.
She realized that she hadn’t his number after working for him for a while now.
But right now, her main focus was to get out of the pitch black building.
###chapter282
“That’s all, right?” Stella asked.
Stella hurriedly hung up once she had gotten permission too.
Because of the call, Stella wasn’t as scared anymore, but she still hurriedly walked down the stairs.
Finally, she was able to relax as she reached the first floor.
Using the back of her hand, she cleaned the sweat from her forehead, gathered herself and walked out.
Lights were scattered across the street.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella raised her hand to call a taxi, when a car honk was heard behind her.
She turned to see a car heading straight at her.
Stella subconsciously stepped back.
The car continued to home in on her.
Her guard went up immediately.
Without thinking twice, she spun on her heel to run away.
She had just taken a few strides when the car sped up, swerved to the side, and came to a screeching halt in front of her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella froze in shock.
Her heart was in her mouth as the car window slowly rolled down.
The moment she saw Jeremy’s face, she breathed a sigh of relief.
Jeremy frowned and asked, “What’s up with you? Why do you look like you just saw a ghost?”
Several deep breaths later, Stella rubbed her flushed face and said in a low voice, “You were driving too fast.
Besides, the power was off and I had to find my way downstairs in the dark.
”
Jeremy nodded and said with a smile, “Hop in.
I’ll drive you home.
”
“No, thanks.
I can take a taxi, Stella refused without missing a beat.
She could still remember all that Evie told her the other day.
Jeremy came to Prosperity Group to fight Matthew for power.
She wasn’t sure if that was true.
But if it was the case, as Matthew’s personal PR officer, she thought it wise to keep a distance from Jeremy so she wouldn’t get into trouble.
“Your ankle hasn’t healed fully, has it?” The smile on Jeremy’s face grew wilder.
“You have just walked a massive flight of stairs.
If you decide to wait by the roadside for a taxi, it would take a while.
Your injury might worsen.
”
###chapter283
Stella hesitated.
“You got injured because of me.
If it worsens and prevents you from working as hard as you used to, I won’t be able to live with myself.
”
Guilt filled Jeremy’s eyes.
At this moment, Stella thought about the upcoming Donn’s art exhibition.
If her injury grew worse before then, it would be difficult for her to follow up on the situation there.
This thought scared Stella, so she couldn’t say no anymore.
She smiled and opened the door.
“Thank you.
”
Jeremy grinned and replied in a mellow voice, “Don’t mention it.
Since I just started working in Prosperity Group, I reckon that I’d need your help in the future.
”
Stella nodded politely and said nothing.
“Where do you live?” he asked before starting the car.
“Prosper Bay…” Stella told him the address.
Jeremy’s fingers tightened around the steering wheel as his eyes opened a little wider.
He didn’t expect that Stella and Matthew lived so close.
Interesting!
‘s BunnyBookery
Mischief gleamed in Jeremy’s eyes at this time.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
On the way, he casually asked, “Before I went abroad, Matthew only had one assistant, Fernando.
When were you hired?”
Stella replied concisely, “Actually, I was an employee at an overseas branch before I was recently transferred here.
”
It was no secret that she was transferred.
As a result, she had no issues telling him the truth.
“I see!” Jeremy chuckled.
“My cousin is an ice king.
It’s hard to get along with him, isn’t it?”
Stella frowned and immediately became alert.
What was Jeremy fishing for? Did he want her to make bad comments about her boss? If that was the case, then he failed.
There was nothing that was going to make her discuss Matthew’s private matters behind his back.
Stella replied, “Mr.
Clark is very considerate to his employees.
We can learn a lot from him.
”
###chapter284
Catching her drift, Jeremy dropped the topic.
But he didn’t give up hope yet.
He believed that as time went by, Stella would warm up to him and he would be able to get more information from her.
The rest of the car ride was quiet.
Stella couldn’t be more pleased with that.
When they arrived at Prosper Bay, she thanked him in a hurry and opened the door to get out.
“Stella,” called Jeremy.
In confusion, she turned to look at him with her hand still on the door handle.
“Anything else?”
Smiling innocently, Jeremy ran his fingers through his hair and said, “I was wondering if you could have dinner with me sometime.
It’s my fault that you sprained your ankle.
I never got the chance to apologize for that.
”
“I’m afraid that won’t-” Stella was about to refuse, but was interrupted by Jeremy.
“It has been on my mind ever since that day.
Honestly, I wish I could have asked earlier, but I have been so busy settling in at work.
I hope it’s not too late and you will give me a chance to apologize properly,” Jeremy said sincerely.
His low voice was very attractive and the spark in his eyes as he stared at her was unmatched.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella looked away in a hurry and said, “Let’s talk about that some other time.
Thanks for the ride.
Drive home safe.
”
With that, she got out of the car before he could utter another word.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Jeremy looked at her back with a meaningful expression.
He studied where she lived for a long time before driving away.
Moments after his car sped through the main gate of Prosper Bay, the security guard on duty put a call to Matthew.
“Hello, Stella Anderson just got back home.
”
Matthew was standing outside a hotel.
“Got it,” he replied simply after receiving the security guard’s report.
He hung up the phone and finally returned to the banquet hall.
A business dinner was been held tonight.
It was one he couldn’t miss, so he had to leave the company earlier than usual.
When Fernando joined him, he learned that Stella was working overtime tonight.
He was worried about her safety, so he asked the security guards at Prosper Bay to watch out for Stella and inform him as soon as she arrived home safely.
###chapter285
It had been difficult for him to enjoy himself at the party.
But when he received that call, he was finally relieved.
The next day, the regular meeting of senior executives was held in the boardroom as usual.
Docie handed the first draft to Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, the first draft of the invitation for Donn’s art exhibition has been completed.
Please go through it and point out whatever you want to be changed.
If there isn’t any, we will proceed to make the final draft.
”
Matthew opened the document.
The design of the invitation was almost the same as what they discussed yesterday.
The background color was white.
Its white base, rose-shaped hollow pattern in the middle, and gilded artistic words made it eye-catching.
Matthew nodded.
“Perfect the plan and send it to the client for approval.
”
“Okay, sir.
”
Matthew put down the document and said, “Since there’s nothing else to discuss, I declare this meeting-“
“Wait! Jeremy suddenly sprang to his feet.
“I have something to say.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew pursed his lips.
He stared at his cousin for some time before he nodded, urging him to go ahead.
Jeremy looked around and then reverted his gaze to Matthew.
“I have a suggestion to make.
I think it’s pertinent that the management releases a memo ahead of the next power circuit repair.
It won’t be fair to workers who decide to work overtime to be trapped in the building.
It’s also very dangerous.
Besides, a great percentage of the workforce here are females.
Mr.
Clark, I hope you see to this.
”
Stella froze in her seat instantly.
Last night, she just mentioned being scared after walking in the dark for a long time.
It never crossed her mind that he would bring it up at the meeting this morning.
Her heartbeat quickened at this time.
She silently prayed Jeremy wouldn’t use her as an example now.
Unfortunately, humans attracted what they feared the most.
There was a weird grin on Jeremy’s face as he glanced at her and continued, “Last night, Stella almost couldn’t get out of the building because of the power outage.
Thank goodness I spotted her as soon as she made it out.
I had to drive her home.
”
He sounded as if he was fighting for Stella’s right.
She immediately felt several eyes on her.
###chapter286
She leaped to her feet and explained, “I have to say that it’s not the fault of the management that I got stuck in the building for some time.
Actually, I lost track of time last night, so it’s on me.
”
Matthew remained quiet.
He just looked at Jeremy up and down with an unreadable expression.
When he called Stella last night, she told him in the calmest tone ever that she was already home.
He thought she took a taxi by herself.
Neither Stella nor the security guard had mentioned anything about Jeremy driving her home.
What was Jeremy up to? Was he just trying to be nice or did he have ulterior motives?
Matthew was lost in thought.
“That’s not a big deal.
You should have gone ahead to instruct the administrative supervisor instead of bringing it up here and wasting our time.
”
Matthew’s eyes were glued on Jeremy when he finally spoke, so he noticed every single change in his cousin’s expression in a span of seconds.
Their eyes locked for a while.
Finally, Matthew withdrew his gaze indifferently.
“The meeting is officially over.
You can all leave.
Except you, Stella.
We need to go over some things concerning the upcoming exhibition.
”
The other employees stood up and left the boardroom quickly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
On the way out, Jeremy turned and squinted at the two of them.
Stella and Matthew were left alone at the table soon after.
Stella immediately took out her phone and opened the notepad to take down notes.
“What would you like me to do, sir?”
Hearing this, Matthew raised his head.
“What happened last night?” he asked, staring her dead in the eyes.
Shock was the first emotion that appeared on Stella’s face as soon as she heard that question.
This was followed by confusion.
She couldn’t understand why Matthew told her to stay back just for this.
Stella smiled awkwardly and explained in detail, “When Fernando was on his way out last night, he mentioned that the power supply of the company would be cut off, but it skipped my mind.
When I finally remembered, the power was already out and I had to find my way downstairs in the dark.
”
“And Jeremy?” Matthew asked, sounding somewhat impatient.
Stella looked up at him and there was a stalemate.
His serious expression made her a little nervous.
Nonetheless, she answered honestly, “I bumped into him at the gate.
”
###chapter287
There were clues that Matthew and Jeremy didn’t get along well Like normal cousins.
The last thing Stella wanted was to be caught in the crossfire of something that wasn’t her business.
As a result, she tried to make light of her encounter with Jeremy last night.
Matthew’s eyes seemed to widen a little.
A couple of other questions were on his mind.
However, he bit his tongue and kept quiet.
He didn’t want to arouse Stella’s suspicion or make her think he was jealous.
“There are a couple of precautions concerning the art exhibition that I want you to take note of.
” Matthew finally got back to business.
Stella sat up straight and listened with rapt attention.
“Last time, some reporters waited outside the exhibition hall.
I don’t want a repeat.
Make sure no info leaks out.
Also, confirm the participants ahead of time.
That’s all.
”
Stella typed the last word on her notepad and saved it.
“In that case, I had better get to work,” she uttered, standing up.
“Okay,” Matthew replied indifferently.
His eyes narrowed as he watched her leave.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He reasoned that he had to protect her.
He didn’t want to take chances with Jeremy.
That guy was just like his scheming mother, Charlene.
As soon as Stella left the boardroom, she contacted one of Donn’s staff and they went over the List of participants.
It was already noon by the time she was rounding up with the task.
Famished and tired, Stella decided to go grab something to eat first.
‘s BunnyBookery
She was waiting for the elevator when the person she least wanted to see appeared.
After cursing her luck, she faked a smile and greeted politely, “Hello.
”
“Are you on your way out for lunch?” Jeremy asked, taking a look at his watch.
Stella nodded.
“Let’s go together.
” With a smile on his face, Jeremy put his hands in his pockets and stood beside her in wait.
This made her uneasy.
Thinking back to how Matthew had been so curious about what happened last night, Stella felt her scalp tingle.
“I-“
The expression on her face as she began hinted to Jeremy what she was about to say.
###chapter288
“Are you going to turn me down again?” Jeremy slapped his chest.
“That hurts! Last night, you promised that we could eat together some other time.
Since you are going to have lunch, why not kill two birds with one stone? Is there something you are not telling me?”
Stella felt guilty.
“I’m honestly just trying to make it up to you for causing your injury.
Why aren’t you allowing me to do so? Do you have a problem with me?” Jeremy asked, looking genuinely hurt.
Stella didn’t know what to say.
She couldn’t find a reasonable excuse, so she gave up.
In a high-end restaurant near Prosperity Group, Matthew flipped through the menu absent-mindedly and looked out the window from time to time.
It was lunchtime.
So, he figured that Stella would be out anytime soon.
He would make her have lunch with him as soon as he spotted her.
Matthew couldn’t help smiling as he went over the plan in his head.
On the other hand, Fernando was in torment.
He glanced at his watch for the umpteenth time and became even more anxious.
According to Matthew’s schedule for the day, he had to be in a video conference in the afternoon.
Lunchtime was about to elapse.
Yet, Matthew hadn’t placed an order.
He was going to be late for the meeting if he continued like this.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It took all of Fernando’s courage to clear his throat and say, “Mr.
Clark, it’s almost time for the video conference.
How about I order takeout and bring it to your office so you can have it later?”
Matthew rarely went out for lunch.
Usually, he ordered takeout and ate in his office.
He even skipped Lunch on most days.
However, today was different.
Fernando didn’t understand why.
He waited for a response.
And when he didn’t get any, he looked up, only to find that Matthew was frowning and his eyes were sharp.
He followed the line of his boss’s vision.
Just then, he saw Stella and Jeremy walking towards the restaurant side by side.
His jaw dropped to the floor.
Why was Stella with Jeremy of all people?
The first thought that came to Stella’s mind after they walked into the restaurant was to tell Jeremy that they didn’t have to eat somewhere so expensive.
She had just turned to him when her eyes accidentally met Matthew’s cold ones.
She froze and wanted to run away.
But on second thought, she knew it would be impossible for her to explain her actions later.
###chapter289
Stella’s mind was a mess.
She didn’t know what to do or say.
At the same time, Jeremy also spotted Matthew.
He dragged Stella over to that table and struck up a conversation.
“What a coincidence! Stella and I also came here to have lunch.
If you don’t mind, we can sit at your table.
The more the merrier, right?”
Matthew glared at him in silence.
Then, he raised the menu again.
Stella had worked with him long enough to read most of his actions.
His behavior now told her that he wasn’t pleased at all.
Stella tugged at Jeremy’s sleeve and whispered, “I’m sure he wants to have lunch in silence.
There are many free tables, so let’s sit somewhere else.
”
A wide smile appeared on Jeremy’s face.
He didn’t feel bad at all that his cousin ignored him.
He nodded at Stella.
“You have a point.
Let’s have a table to ourselves.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
His choice of words made Matthew feel like an outsider in this situation.
What the hell did Jeremy mean by having a table to themselves?
He was fuming with his lips pursed.
The temperature seemed to drop.
Fernando’s muscles tensed up.
He could tell that his boss was pissed.
He tried to smooth things over in a hurry.
“Please don’t take Mr.
Clark’s silence to heart.
He’s just brooding over work affairs.
You can sit with us.
”
“Is that so?” Jeremy chuckled.
“I thought he was ignoring us because he didn’t want us to sit here.
Appreciate you clearing the air.
”
As he spoke, he glanced at Matthew and pulled out a chair for Stella.
Stella was a little embarrassed.
“I can pull my own chair.
”
“Come on, Stella.
I’m just trying to be a gentleman.
Besides, we are off work for now, so I have to treat you like a lady.
We are friends, aren’t we?” There was still a polite smile on Jeremy’s face.
Stella smiled stiffly and summoned up courage to sit down opposite Matthew.
###chapter290
Jeremy sat next to her, slowly sorted out the napkin, and then handed the menu to Stella.
He raised his eyes slightly to take a sneak peek at his cousin again.
Matthew’s face darkened.
Jeremy’s smile grew wider.
He intended to frustrate Matthew to the cliff edge.
Everyone at the table had different thoughts.
They were disturbed, except for Jeremy who seemed to be getting a kick of this situation.
They had already lost their appetites by the time the food arrived.
Stella moved the food around on her plate, but didn’t take a bite.
She kept her head down for fear of locking her gaze with Matthew’s.
Matthew was slowly cutting the steak.
Save for his deep frown, he looked so noble now.
At this moment, Stella finally understood what it was like being in the presence of an angry king.
It was like sitting at the mouth of a lion’s den.
She was certain Matthew was unhappy, but she couldn’t tell exactly why.
Was it because of Jeremy’s presence here?
But why was he putting up with him? Couldn’t he have just kicked against it when Fernando told them to sit?
Questions flooded Stella’s head.
Without answers, she only grew more confused.
She decided to take her first bite instead of going crazy.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
‘s BunnyBookery
The meal ended in silence and seriousness.
Matthew didn’t utter a word.
Fortunately, Jeremy didn’t start any topic.
Stella couldn’t be more grateful for that.
At the end of the meal, they got up one after the other and headed for the exit.
More than anything, Stella wanted to get the hell out of this suffocating atmosphere.
She had never wished to be back to her desk like she did now.
Her head was lowered as she walked closely behind Matthew.
Out of nowhere, a trolley filled with plates began heading towards them.
It was already a few inches away from Stella when she noticed it.
Her heart skipped a beat.
###chapter291
Confused, she could only raise her hand to cover her face.
Matthew and Jeremy reached out to Stella at the same time.
But Matthew was quicker.
He pulled the frozen woman into his arms and shielded her with his side to the trolley.
A bang accompanied by the rattling of plates was heard.
A second later, Matthew felt a sharp pain in his arm.
He groaned with his eyes shut.
Matthew furrowed his brow and shot a disapproving glance at the careless waiter.
Jeremy’s gaze dropped to his empty hand, and then he looked up at Matthew.
He couldn’t help but smile faintly as he noticed how tightly Matthew was protecting Stella.
The waiter’s heart sank when she realized she had bumped into someone and saw the icy expression on Matthew’s face.
She began apologizing profusely.
“I’m so sorry, sir, ma’am.
It was a complete accident.
I really am sorry.
”
Matthew peered down at the woman in his arms, his voice filled with concern.
“Are you alright?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella snapped back to reality at the sound of his voice.
She gently shook her head and slowly pulled herself away from Matthew’s embrace.
“I’m okay.
”
She paused, recalling the faint groan she’d just heard, and instantly felt a rush of anxiety.
“Mr.
Clark, your arm…”
Matthew instinctively wanted to pull his arm back, but it seemed strangely unresponsive.
His expression changed.
Stella’s heart raced with panic.
Gently, she examined Matthew’s arm.
His furrowed brow told her something was wrong.
Stella realized his arm was dislocated.
“I’m fine.
” Mathew brushed her concern away, pretending he was fine.
###chapter292
But Stella could still hear a hint of weakness in his voice.
In a firm tone, she said, “Brace yourself, it might hurt.
”
Before Matthew could even react, a dull thud echoed from his bone, and a sudden, sharp pain shot through him.
He tried to grit his teeth against the pain, his expression darkening.
“Stella, what in the world are you up to?”
After assessing Matthew’s arm, Stella explained, “Your arm’s dislocated.
I’ve picked up a few tricks from a top-notch doctor with some serious medical skills.
I tried to pop the bones back into place.
”
Matthew was taken aback by this revelation.
Stella gently let go of his arm and flashed an awkward smile.
“Though I must admit, I’m a tad rusty.
Just to be safe, you might want to have Fernando take you to the hospital.
”
Fernando never thought things would get this serious, and worry filled his heart.
Turning to Matthew, he asked, “Should we head to the hospital now?”
Matthew didn’t reply right away.
Instead, he fixed his gaze on Stella.
She stood right before him, just about a yard apart, following the social distancing rules.
Meanwhile, Jeremy stood next to Stella.
He stood tall and confident, sporting a charming smile that seemed to announce his dominance.
A strange, unexplainable sensation crept over Matthew.
He felt disappointed, unwilling, yet utterly powerless.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella grew even more anxious in the face of Matthew’s silence.
“Does your arm still hurt?”
Matthew’s voice was deep as he replied, “That’s none of your business.
You focus on your work for now.
Fernando’s taking me to the hospital.
”
Hearing this, both Fernando and Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
Jeremy, who had been unusually quiet, observed the scene and raised an arched brow.
That evening, when Stella returned home, a mysterious package awaited her
###chapter293
It bore no sender information, only her name.
Curiosity piqued, Stella eagerly tore it open, revealing a brand new, sleek smartphone.
Confusion washed over her features.
She hadn’t ordered a phone.
So who had sent her this gift? Or had the delivery gone wrong?
She double-checked, and there it was, her name on the package.
Confusion swirled in her chest.
Did they share both a first and last name?
Just as puzzlement clouded her mind, her phone chimed, startling her and pulling her out of her thoughts.
She fished her phone from her pocket and looked at the screen.
It was a message from Maverick.
She furrowed her brow and tapped it open.
It said, “I sent you a heap of roses last time.
Upon reflection, I realized my recklessness might’ve caused you trouble.
As a token of my apology, I picked out a brand-new cell phone for you.
Hope you like it.
”
Stella’s emotions were a whirlwind.
Maverick’s gift had arrived just in the nick of time, almost as if he knew her phone was fried.
As she pondered her response, another message from Maverick arrived.
“I’m not much of a message reader, and sometimes I might miss your texts.
To make sure we stay connected, how about adding me on Twitter?”
The message ended with a link to Maverick’s Twitter.
Stella pondered for a moment, then made a bold move by following his Twitter.
This way, she could reach out later for that much-needed divorce chat.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s friend request zipped through, and within the blink of an eye, it was approved.
The lightning-speed response made Stella wonder if Maverick had been eagerly anticipating her friend request all along.
She was taken aback at the thought.
Unable to resist the urge, she clicked on Maverick’s Twitter profile.
Besides a few news tidbits, there was little sign of life.
Stella couldn’t help but roll her eyes and yawn.
What a boring man!
###chapter294
She found Maverick even worse than she had imagined.
Just as Stella was on the brink of throwing in the towel, a message from Maverick suddenly appeared.
“Do you Like the new phone?”
Stella brushed off his question.
She didn’t want to give him false hope by accepting a gift.
No way!
But another message from Maverick lit up her screen.
“Thank you for adding me on Twitter.
I know I’ve said some pretty harsh stuff in the past.
I’ve done some soul-searching and realized my mistakes.
I hope you’ll consider giving me a chance to make things right.
I’m determined to change the way you see me.
”
After a moment’s hesitation, Stella steeled herself and asked, “Why did you want a divorce?”
They hadn’t crossed paths, and Stella couldn’t quite fathom why Maverick seemed so discontent with her.
Stella sent the message and waited, but there was no reply from Maverick.
Was he purposely avoiding her question?
‘s BunnyBookery
A wave of sadness washed over Stella.
Unable to contain her laughter at her own stupidity, she chuckled and decided it was time to go to bed.
Just then, her phone buzzed unexpectedly.
Finally, Maverick’s message arrived, short and to the point.
“I thought you had a boyfriend.
”
So, Maverick suspected she’d cheated on him.
Stella felt strange.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She couldn’t help but get worked up as she edited the message, vehemently denying any affair.
Yet, when it came down to it, she couldn’t bring herself to hit that send button.
Their marriage was on the rocks; explaining things seemed pointless now.
If he wanted to jump to conclusions, well, he could just go ahead.
Stella tossed her phone aside and massaged her temples in frustration.
Maverick’s words stirred up some painful memories.
###chapter295
Once, she had a brief and awful fling.
Back then, fresh out of school, she interned at a company.
During that time, she encountered a kind and caring male coworker who always looked out for her.
As a fresh face in society, she approached life with wide-eyed innocence.
It proved incredibly challenging for her not to be drawn to him; he exuded a sense of stability and maturity that was hard to resist.
During a getaway, she overheard him chatting with his wife over the phone.
Once she discovered he had a wife and a child, her world crumbled, leaving her in a state of despair.
She never fathomed the man she loved could wear such a shameless mask.
ALL the joyful memories they once shared seemed to vanish into thin air.
She found solace in the fact that her affection for him was still in its early stages.
She made sure not to harm any other woman in the process.
And so, she made a resolute decision to resign and sever all ties with that man.
This painful experience left her scarred, instilling a deep fear of love and marriage within her.
She dreaded the thought of bumping into that two-faced guy once more.
When her grandpa assured her that Maverick was a stand-up, dependable man, she wrestled with the idea of agreeing.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A bitter smile darkened her face.
Sure, Maverick never strayed, but he misjudged her loyalty to the sacred bonds of matrimony.
How could she even consider such a thing, given her utter disdain for cheaters and backstabbers?
Meanwhile, Matthew anxiously waited for a reply, his heart pounding as Stella’s silence stretched on.
He couldn’t help but wonder if he’d put his foot in his mouth.
In a moment of sheer desperation, Matthew picked up his phone and dialed Stella’s number.
“Mr.
Clark?”
The call connected.
When Stella’s voice filled his ear, Matthew suddenly realized how impulsive he had been.
###chapter296
Clearing his throat, he asked, “Were you asleep?”
“No, Mr.
Clark.
Is there something urgent?”
Matthew’s mind went completely blank.
For the first time in his life, he felt utterly flustered.
Stella couldn’t take the awkward silence anymore.
“Are you okay, Mr.
Clark? What’s wrong?”
Matthew immediately snapped out of his trance, hurriedly asking, “How is work going? I mean Donn’s art exhibition.
”
“I’m done with the plan.
I’ll give it to you tomorrow,” Stella answered in a serious tone, seeing as his question was work-related.
“ALL right then,” Matthew responded.
They fell into silence again.
It was very awkward, but Matthew didn’t hang up.
Stella remembered Matthew got hurt trying to save her that afternoon, so she asked, “Uh, how is your arm now, Mr.
Clark?”
When she got back to the company, she was swamped with work.
She only found out that Fernando didn’t come back after taking Matthew to the hospital when she was about to clock out.
Just the thought alone made her feel guilty.
Matthew wouldn’t have gotten hurt if he didn’t save her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“It’s a lot better.
” Matthew realized that he sounded very uninterested and added, “According to the doctor, you did a good job on it and was able to deal with it in time.
”
Stella was relieved.
“Okay, thank goodness.
Please be mindful of it.
”
“I will.
” Matthew was happy.
“Rest well now.
”
He hung up, his heart feeling warm.
Meanwhile, Charlene walked to Jeremy’s room.
Poking her head inside a little, she said softly, “Go eat.
Dinner is ready.
”
Jeremy didn’t bother looking up at her as he was so focused on the papers in his hand.
###chapter297
“Okay, I’m coming.
”
A confused expression formed on Charlene’s face as she pushed the door further to walk in.
“What are you so focused on? What’s that?”
Jeremy finally looked at her, a smile on his face.
“Prosperity Group’s development plan.
”
Charlene’s interest was piqued.
“Well? What have you found?” she questioned, pulling out the chair opposite him.
“They are planning to start their clothing business.
But unfortunately for them, they haven’t made any progress because they have average designers and models.
”
Charlene was well aware of this.
“So are you proposing a new direction of development? That’s going to be very hard.
”
Matthew had full authority over the whole of Prosperity Group because of Waldo.
It was impossible for her to break her way through.
Jeremy let out a small laugh.
“Definitely not.
”
He was smart enough not to make such a foolish decision.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Charlene remained silent, waiting for him to go on.
“He might be looking for a reliable person to take the position,”
Jeremy continued.
Charlene was in a world of her own.
After a few minutes, she asked, “So? Any ideas?”
Jeremy thought for a while.
He then said with a mischievous smile, “I mean, our people are needed to work there.
”
They stared at each other, both determined to win no matter what.
A small smile made way to Jeremy’s face, as if something clicked in his mind.
“I have an idea.
”
“And what could that be?” Charlene asked curiously.
“Matthew seems to care a lot for Stella.
I’m going to try something again,” Jeremy said confidently.
###chapter298
A few days later, Matthew asked Stella to come to his office.
He gave her an invitation.
When Stella laid her eyes on the invitation’s exquisite cover, she couldn’t contain her excitement.
Little had she anticipated that her idea would manifest as the definitive blueprint for the invitation.
The final result boasted exceptional elegance, with the roses appearing strikingly lifelike.
Nonetheless, Stella wondered why Matthew had given her the invite.
“Mr.
Clark, may I ask why you gave me this?”
Matthew responded candidly, “Donn and his wife are exceedingly pleased with the invitation.
Upon learning it was your design concept, they have graciously extended a special invitation for you to attend the upcoming art exhibition as an honored guest.
”
“Really?” Stella exclaimed.
The look on her face danced between astonishment and enthusiasm.
Matthew gave an affirmative nod and said, “The art exhibition is scheduled for tomorrow night.
Prepare yourself to accompany me.
”
“Okay.
” Stella agreed readily.
Donn’s art exhibitions consistently enjoyed a full house.
It was always Stella’s dream to closely admire his artwork.
To her pleasant surprise, she found herself actively contributing ideas to Donn’s invitation design this time.
An overwhelming sense of contentment and pride welled up in her chest.
The following day arrived.
A discreet black Maybach came to a stop in front of the exhibition venue.
The concierge promptly approached the vehicle and assisted in opening the rear door.
Matthew stepped out of the car and stood beside it.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Dressed in a meticulously tailored black suit, he sported a crisp white shirt that complemented his distinguished and remarkable demeanor.
With a gracious gesture, he made space on his side and extended his hand towards Stella.
Stella, in turn, gently placed her hand into his, gracefully stepping onto the marbled floor.
As she did, her legs and high-heeled shoes peeked out from beneath the white satin dress’s hem.
Exiting the car, she offered a polite nod to Matthew and uttered a heartfelt, “Thank you.
”
Just as she was about to retract her hand, Matthew noticed her intent and spoke.
“Please, maintain your grip on my arm.
You’re an esteemed guest today; there’s no need for excessive restraint.
”
###chapter299
Understanding the nuances of social etiquette, Stella complied with a cheerful smile, firmly clutching his arm as they made their way forward.
Mathew’s lips raised slightly.
Hand in hand, they entered the expansive and well-illuminated exhibition hall.
Given its exclusive nature, it was sparsely populated.
Stella cast her gaze around and promptly identified several renowned art luminaries.
Her brows shot up her forehead and her jaw went slack.
Just as she was about to avert her gaze, she locked eyes with Jeremy, whose smile caught her off guard.
Matthew also took notice of Jeremy.
Wearing an impassive expression, he turned to Stella and uttered, “Donn and his wife would like to meet with you.
Allow me to escort you.
”
“Okay.
” Stella struggled to contain her bubbling excitement.
As she clung to Matthew’s arm, she observed the decorum of keeping a respectful gap between them.
Donn’s wife was the epitome of grace and fragility, embodying an elegant and dainty demeanor.
Cascading in waves, her luxuriant tresses were elegantly bundled into a loosely-tied bun, radiating a soft, refined charm.
“Mrs.
Lee, you have such a good temperament.
” Stella remarked with genuine admiration.
The woman responded with a gracious smile, “Mrs.
Clark, you possess exquisite beauty as well.
You and Mr.
Clark make a perfect match.
”
Stella hurriedly clarified, “Oh no, you misunderstood.
I’m merely an employee of Mr.
Clark.
”
“Well, I’m sorry.
” Donn’s wife offered a sheepish smile, her expression tinged with apology.
“But there is a tacit understanding between the two of you.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s cheeks flushed with embarrassment.
With a gentle release of Matthew’s arm, she averted her eyes.
“Would you mind having a conversation with Mr.
Clark? I’m a little thirsty.
I’m going to the catering area for a drink.
”
Matthew observed her retreating form with a fleeting smile, one that quickly faded.
Stella gracefully strolled towards the catering area nestled in the colorful bustle of the art exhibition.
Arranged on the table, an array of beverages beckoned guests, accompanied by a modest stack of photo albums.
With rapt attention, Stella gingerly unclasped one of the albums.
Unexpectedly, she collided with an unseen force, causing the album to plummet to the floor.
###chapter300
A perplexed frown graced Stella’s face as she peered upwards, only to discern a hurried waiter responsible for the collision.
Not only did the waiter miss an apology, but he hastened away, an anomaly amidst the otherwise courteous staff.
His behavior struck her as strange.
Alarm bells echoed in her head.
Stella’s senses quickly sharpened, and she discreetly retrieved the fallen album before tailing the waiter.
The waiter moved towards the entrance of the exhibition hall, pausing momentarily as if searching for someone before resuming his hurried pace.
Stella inched closer and observed the waiter’s destination: Matthew.
Unbeknownst to them, Matthew and Donn engaged in joyful conversation, oblivious to the scene unfolding behind them.
Just as the waiter neared a freestanding easel adjacent to the two conversing men, an unexpected move unfolded-the waiter extended a hand and forcefully pushed the easel in Matthew’s direction.
With the easel teetering perilously close to Matthew, Stella’s voice pierced the air.
“Mr.
Clark, watch out!”
As Stella spoke, she rushed forward, her urgency evident in every step she took.
Eyes gleaming with determination, she forcefully moved Matthew out of her way.
In an unexpected turn of events, the sturdy easel collided with Stella, leaving a grievous gash on her arm.
Blood flowed profusely from the wound, trickling down her arm and pooling on the floor.
“Stella!” Matthew sprinted towards her.
“Security!” Donn bellowed.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The situation grew somewhat tumultuous.
A sense of astonishment swept through the crowd, causing everyone to disperse, while the waiter was immobilized by the security personnel.
Stella tumbled to the floor, and crimson liquid swiftly gathered beneath her wounded arm.
She had lost a lot of blood, making her face pale, and she felt a bit lightheaded.
Black dots swirled across her vision.
She sensed someone supporting her, and their hands appeared to tremble slightly.
Then, a man’s voice came from over her head.
“Stella, don’t worry.
I’ll rush you to the hospital.
”
She recognized the voice as Matthew’s.
###chapter301
Stella lifted her head but couldn’t clearly make out Matthew’s face.
Her voice was feeble as she spoke, quivering slightly.
Her Lips trembled.
“Mr.
Clark, I’m okay.
No need to worry.
”
Matthew’s voice was rough.
“Don’t talk.
Conserve your strength.
I’ll get you to the hospital.
”
He talked to Stella while swiftly carrying her outside.
“Don’t sleep.
We’re almost at the hospital.
You’ll be okay.
” He was very flustered, and his eyes brimmed with sympathy.
Jeremy stood amid the panicked crowd.
He gazed contemplatively at Matthew’s back and then gave a faint smile.
Fernando waited by the door.
When he spotted Matthew emerging, he promptly opened the car door.
Without hesitation, Matthew got into the car with Stella in his arms.
Fernando quickly started the engine.
In the rearview mirror, he noticed Matthew holding Stella, his gaze unwavering.
Matthew’s voice rumbled low.
“Drive faster.
”
“Okay,” Fernando responded, accelerating in a flash.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s wound continued to ooze crimson.
She nestled into Matthew’s embrace, her vision blurring, consciousness slipping away.
“Stella, stay with me,” Matthew murmured.
“Okay.
” Stella fought to remain alert.
She attempted to open her eyes, but they refused to cooperate.
When Matthew spotted her still-bleeding wound, a wicked glint lit up his sharp gaze.
He swiftly removed his shirt and tenderly dressed her injury.
“Ouch!” Stella winced, her brows knitting in pain.
“I’m sorry.
” Matthew apologized.
He paused, his voice now soft and soothing, like he was comforting a child.
###chapter302
“Hang in there.
We’ll be at the hospital soon.
”
His arm wrapped around Stella firmly, and he vowed, “Don’t worry.
I won’t let any harm befall your hands; I know how important they are to a designer.
”
Admittedly, it surprised him when Stella rushed over and pushed him aside.
Only his mother had ever protected him so unconditionally since childhood.
Stella…
In her view, he was just her superior.
There was no need for her to desperately shield him.
For a designer, a hand injury sidelining her from painting would be a dire setback.
From day one of Stella joining, he could see her passion for design.
She was equivalent to giving up her dreams for his safety.
Tears filled Matthew’s eyes, deeply moved by the situation.
Stella managed a weak smile and said, “Don’t worry.
I’m really fine.
”
“Don’t speak!” Matthew replied, his voice quivering.
He glanced at Fernando, urging him in a stern tone, “Drive faster!”
“Yes!”
They reached the hospital around ten minutes later.
As Stella was wheeled into the operating room, Matthew stood frozen by the door.
After a while, he turned, his voice chilling.
“Find out who hired the waiter.
”
“Understood, Fernando replied before making a hasty exit.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew fixated on the red light from the operating room, staring blankly, his expression growing darker by the moment.
The red light above the emergency room door went off, signaling the end of the surgery.
Matthew sprang from his seat and dashed towards the door, his heart pounding in his chest.
He waited anxiously for the doctor to come out and tell him the news.
The doctor emerged from the room, wearing a mask and a blood-stained gown.
He looked at Matthew and said, “The patient’s arm is not severely damaged.
She had a deep cut, but it didn’t reach the bone.
We have cleaned and stitched the wound, and wrapped it in bandages.
###chapter303
Stella didn’t look up from her computer screen, skimming through her emails.
“What is it?”
“Your arm isn’t fully healed yet.
You should try to type less.
I can write your emails for you if you need me to.
”
Stella raised her head and eyed Evie up and down, pursing her Lips.
Evie was a sweet and naive girl, and she wasn’t very good at hiding her intentions.
“No, thanks.
I can handle it.
” Stella waved her hand dismissively.
“You can go back to your work.
”
After all, her work was directly related to Matthew, and she didn’t want to accidentally reveal any of his secrets.
Evie smiled knowingly.
“Don’t be so stubborn, Stella.
Mr.
Clark asked me to help you, and I wouldn’t dream of disobeying him.
”
“Mr.
Clark?” Stella gave a blank blink.
Evie nodded.
“I know what happened at the art exhibition.
You were injured in order to protect him.
You don’t have to be so polite.
So please, let me help you.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella was torn, caught in a whirl of complicated feelings.
Since it was Matthew’s order, she had no reason to refuse.
“I see.
Go ahead with your work.
I’ll call you if I need help,” She said finally.
Evie nodded and walked back to her station.
Stella sighed and turned back to her work.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Around ten in the morning, a new email notification appeared.
The sender was the renowned Menger Magazine.
Stella quickly clicked it open.
Later in the day, Matthew was scheduled for an exclusive interview with Menger Magazine.
The other party had sent over the interview questions in advance, which required Matthew’s responses.
Stella perused the questions and, after omitting any related to personal matters, printed the remainder.
With the document in hand, she made her way to Matthew’s office.
###chapter304
At Stella’s arrival, Matthew set aside the documents he had been working on.
He looked at her injured arm and inquired softly, “How is your arm healing? Do you have to visit the hospital today for another check-up?”
“I appreciate your worry, Mr.
Clark.
I’m nearly back to full health.
The bandage will come off in two days,” Stella responded truthfully.
Matthew gave an affirmative nod.
“Menger Magazine has sent me the questions for the afternoon interview.
Please review them for any necessary edits, so I can finalize them with the other party.
” Stella mentioned as she passed the document to him.
Matthew silently perused the document.
Stella observed his expression closely.
The final question during the interview centered on Matthew’s wife.
She deliberated for a long time, but refrained from erasing it.
During previous dinner, she recalled Matthew expressing a strong desire to reconcile with his wife.
She believed he would be open to speaking about the subject.
However, she felt nervous when she noticed the faint crease on Matthew’s brow.
After pausing briefly, Stella inquired, “Mr.
Clark, if you find the question about Mrs.
Clark uncomfortable, I can contact the other party and remove it.
”
Matthew set aside the document, gazed up, and replied, “You can keep the question.
”
He fixed his gaze on Stella for a few moments and continued, “I’ve been exploring the dynamics of a couple lately.
I hope to align my worldviews with my wife, share common interests, and travel together…”
Stella’s mind went blank, clouded by confusion.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew had no reason to say these things in her presence; he could have done so during the interview later.
She lowered her gaze to evade his eyes, twisting her arms behind her back.
Nevertheless, Mathew’s words embodied the ideal life she had envisioned.
If Maverick hadn’t pursued a divorce earlier, and they could have met sooner, might they now be living such a blissful life?
“I hope my wife and I can reconcile and enjoy our married life,”
Matthew said sincerely.
Stella blurted out, “I agree.
”
###chapter305
Almost immediately, a moment of awkwardness washed over her.
She gazed into Matthew’s eyes and stumbled over her words.
“Mr.
Clark, I mean… In a marriage, it’s normal to have disagreements, but if they communicate effectively, they can resolve their issues.
”
Matthew locked onto her and asked, “What about you? How are you and your husband now?”
As the words left his lips, he couldn’t help but feel a tad awkward.
He quickly added, “I remember your friend mentioning some recent conflicts.
”
Stella hesitated briefly, her fingers tapping her phone screen.
“He’s been making an effort lately; he even got me a new phone.
But I think it’s wise for us to take things slow.
”
She appeared relaxed as she spoke, but beneath the surface, disappointment simmered.
Maverick’s apology came across as genuinely heartfelt.
He went beyond mere words, gifting flowers and a brand-new phone.
However, these material tokens didn’t address her true desires.
What she longed for was a face-to-face conversation to jointly resolve their issues, rather than relying on digital messages to convey apologies through a screen.
Yet, it appeared that Maverick harbored an aversion to meeting in person.
Stella couldn’t quite fathom it.
If he wasn’t keen on a divorce, why was he so averse to meeting up?
Was arranging a simple meeting that challenging?
She still held grievances against Maverick, but she kept this to herself.
Her relationship with him was a private matter, and Matthew was merely her employer.
Matthew gazed at the phone clutched in Stella’s hand, a smile gracing his Lips.
She was willing to use the phone he had purchased, uttering those three words, “Take it slow.
” Those words held a glimmer of hope, a lifeline for their crumbling marriage.
But if a meeting loomed on the horizon…
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew hesitated again.
He carried the burden of a secret, one he was willing to unveil only when Stella fully accepted Maverick.
Later that day, under the warm afternoon sun, Matthew and Stella ventured to the interview location of Menger Magazine.
The studio became Matthew’s stage, where he bared his soul to the interviewer.
###chapter306
As Stella waited outside, she scanned the surroundings, searching for lurking paparazzi.
Just then, a sharply dressed man in polished leather shoes blocked her path.
He offered a courteous greeting.
Stella gazed at the man for a moment, trying to place him, but his face didn’t trigger any memories.
She offered a polite smile and inquired, “I’m sorry, but could you remind me of your name?”
“I’m Nicol Wright, the director of Govind Media.
” Nicol handed out a business card.
Stella accepted the card, perusing it briefly before asking, “How can I assist you?”
Rather than providing a direct answer, Nicol suggested, “Would it be possible for us to have a private conversation?”
Given the bustling activity at the film set, crew members rushed around busily.
Suspecting that Nicol had something important to discuss, Stella agreed, and they made their way to the lounge.
‘s BunnyBookery
They entered the Lounge.
Stella asked, “How do you know me?”
Nicol burst into laughter.
“Everyone in the industry knows that you’re Mr.
Clark’s capable employee.
I’ve heard your name circulating for quite a while, and I’ve been eager to have a chance to chat with you.
”
The man’s words left Stella slightly uneasy.
She cut to the chase, asking, “What’s on your mind?”
“I want to have a cooperation with you.
” Nicol spoke with unwavering confidence, as though he had no doubt that Stella would agree.
Stella held her silence, patiently awaiting his next words.
“Lately, Prosperity Group’s clothing business has been booming, and you need a consistent lead model.
I’d like our company’s model, Flossie Diaz, to join Prosperity Group without the need for a trial period.
” Nicol flashed a grin as he made a promise.
“If you’re willing to assist me, I’ll hand you a tidy sum of cash.
And, if you find the idea of cash too flashy, you can exchange it for a car of equivalent value.
Your choice will be honored.
”
Stella sneered.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Should she express gratitude for Nicol’s thoughtfulness?
She’d heard that Govind Media had a relaxed atmosphere, but now she was seeing it firsthand.
Stella dropped her diplomatic smile and said in a practiced tone, “I can’t make a decision on this matter.
If your company has a suitable candidate, you can have her participate in the initial exam for Prosperity Group.
We won’t overlook any qualified individuals.
I have other commitments, so I must take my leave.
”
###chapter307
She turned to go, but Nicol halted her in her tracks.
Stella eyed the outstretched arm before her, her brow furrowing in careful contemplation.
“What’s your intention?”
Nicol’s voice took on a menacing edge as he replied, “I strongly suggest you use your common sense.
”
He scanned Stella disdainfully from head to toe, eyes gleaming with harsh judgment.
“Isn’t it true that your looks played a significant role in your position today?”
Stella’s expression darkened, a hint of warning in her voice.
“Please, show some respect.
”
Nicol wore a mischievous grin, clearly not taking Stella’s request seriously.
“Oh, come on.
We’re all familiar with the unwritten rules of this industry.
I’m here to cooperate, and if the money and the car aren’t enough, feel free to make other demands.
”
Stella sneered, “No need.
If your company holds enough sway, you wouldn’t be groveling to someone Like me, a woman who relies on her looks to get ahead.
”
With those words, she pulled her hand away from Nicol’s grasp and made for the exit.
Matthew’s exclusive interview was on the verge of concluding.
Just as Stella reached for the door handle, she was abruptly yanked back, catching her off guard.
She stumbled a few steps, steadying herself against the nearby sofa.
Anger simmered in her gaze as she glared at Nicol.
Nicol blocked Stella’s path and said icily, “We haven’t finalized our agreement.
Why the rush to leave?”
Stella ignored his words, keeping silent.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She could see clearly that Nicol remained unmoved by both forceful and gentle approaches.
In that situation, she didn’t want to waste her breath.
She rolled her eyes, her top priority being to figure out how to make her exit.
“I’m here to work with you sincerely.
Just tell me—”
Bang!
Before Nicol could finish speaking, the door burst open.
###chapter308
Standing at the doorway, Matthew wore a stern expression as he snapped at Nicol, “What’s going on here?”
Nicol panicked, swallowing hard and pointing at Stella.
“Mr.
Clark, she’s the one who wanted to discuss cooperation with me.
”
Stella gasped in astonishment, her eyes widening.
Never in her wildest dreams did she anticipate Nicol’s false accusation.
Matthew’s expression turned icy as he pivoted to face Stella, questioning, “Is that true?”
Stella shook her head, countering, “No, Mr.
Clark.
He proposed sending a model to Prosperity Group, but I declined.
”
“You can’t talk nonsense…”
Nicol’s words were abruptly cut off.
Matthew’s voice turned frigid as he instructed, “Stella, step outside and wait for me in the car.
”
Although Stella yearned to say more, she noted Matthew’s brooding expression and simply nodded before making her exit.
The moment Stella disappeared, Nicol’s anxiety surged.
His scalp prickled as he attempted to force a reassuring smile, hoping to quell Matthew’s wrath.
Yet, before he could say a word, Matthew had already closed the distance between them.
“Mr.
Clark… Please let me explain.
Nicol grumbled pitifully under his breath.
Matthew gave him a frosty stare.
“Govind Media is going bankrupt tomorrow, no doubt.
”
“Mr.
Clark…”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew cut him off icily.
“And don’t lay a finger on my woman!”
With that, he turned and walked away.
Nicol slumped onto the couch.
Gritting his teeth, he watched Matthew’s retreating figure.
He hadn’t foreseen the company’s impending doom.
Stella!
###chapter309
It was all her fault.
Nicol removed his tie and tossed it to the floor.
As the evening settled in, Stella wearily returned home.
After freshening up with a quick facial cleanse and tooth-brushing ritual, she settled in to indulge in her favorite TV series.
But just as she was about to immerse herself in the on-screen drama, her phone jolted to life with an unexpected vibration.
It was a profile photo of her at Donn’s art exhibition.
Stella was confused.
What did it mean?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Before she could make sense of the message, her phone pinged again.
“Don’t you want to know what happened at Donn’s painting exhibition?
Do you want to know the reason why you got hurt?”
The rapid succession of inquiries only deepened Stella’s confusion.
The incident at Donn’s exhibition had long been entrusted to the jurisdiction of the police.
They had closed the case.
However, the tone of the sender hinted at a far more intricate narrative surrounding the incident.
Could there be concealed truths concerning that accident?
Stella considered it for a long while, wracking her brains.
Despite her hard efforts, she still couldn’t come to a concrete conclusion.
At that moment, the other party sent her an address.
“If you want to know the truth, come here alone at nine.
I look forward to seeing you.
”
For a long while, Stella stared down at the text message, considering her options.
Eventually, she rang Matthew.
If there was some shady business going on, it was a pretty big deal.
She needed to let him know.
However, when she dialed the phone, no one picked up.
Stella called Fernando, but his phone was turned off.
A puzzled expression crept onto her face as she pondered for a moment.
Eventually, she reached for her mobile and plugged in the address provided by the other person.
It turned out to be an exclusive club.
###chapter310
From the photo and the text messages, it was plain to see the person was meticulously well-prepared.
If they truly had the inside scoop, why hadn’t they contacted Matthew?
Stella mulled it over for a while but couldn’t wrap her head around it.
Ultimately, she resolved to keep the appointment.
She was curious to see what had motivated the other party to go through all this trouble.
At nine o’clock in the evening, Stella grabbed some self-protection tool and shoved it into her bag before leaving.
En route, she made multiple attempts to reach out to Matthew and Fernando, but still, no one answered.
Then, Stella sent a quick message to Miley.
If she wasn’t able to reach her in an hour, Miley would go to the police directly.
When Stella arrived at the club, a waiter led her to a private room.
As she swung the door open, a shadowy figure occupied the room.
The ambient lighting left the person’s face hidden, confusing Stella.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Her grip tightened on the bag as she cautiously ventured inside.
Just as she opened her mouth to speak, the person on the sofa looked up and met her gaze.
When she saw his face, her eyes bulged and her mouth dropped open in shock.
She blurted, “Why are you here?”
With a subtle grin, Jeremy rested against the sofa, inquiring, “Why can’t I be here?”
Stella turned on her heel to leave.
Having crossed paths with Jeremy on several occasions, Stella discerned that Jeremy and Matthew were at odds.
That day, Jeremy had been at the art exhibition too, and must have seen her save Matthew.
The photo and text messages must have been sent by him, too.
Perplexed by Jeremy’s unsolicited behavior, Stella couldn’t shake the feeling that he harbored hidden intentions.
As Matthew’s personal PR officer, Stella knew better than to become too entangled with Jeremy.
As Stella reached for the doorknob, Jeremy’s voice pierced the air from behind.
“Stella, don’t you want to know who is responsible for the accident at the exhibition?” Jeremy asked.
Stella paused, her uncertainty lingering.
A smile graced Jeremy’s face.
###chapter311
“Take a seat.
Let’s talk.
There’s something important on my mind.
Stella turned to face Jeremy, her gaze fixed on him.
He looked calm and confident, gaze unwavering, as if he did know something.
After a brief hesitation, Stella sat on the sofa a good distance away from him.
“What do you want to say? Just say it.
”
Jeremy looked at Stella’s pretty face and grinned.
He swirled the contents of his glass, took a sip, and chuckled, “You’re very cute.
”
Stella frowned, unhappy.
She hadn’t come here to listen to compliments.
Jeremy’s smile disappeared, his eyes cold and tone firm.
“I spoke about the art exhibition, and you came here, regardless of everything.
You’re not only cute, but also incredibly loyal to Matthew.
”
Stella turned to study him, her confusion growing.
She had no clue what he was trying to say.
At this moment, she realized that Jeremy was nothing like the man she knew.
A glint of ferocity gleamed in his eyes.
Stella’s instincts warned her that this man would be a difficult challenge.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Not wanting to waste time, Stella demanded, “What exactly are you up to?”
Jeremy raised his eyebrows and smiled.
“I appreciate you very much.
And I’d love it if you could give me a chance to pursue you.
”
Stella didn’t know what to do.
What was going on? Was Jeremy confessing his love to her?
Jeremy walked closer to her and said, “I’ve been in love with you ever since we first met.
”
Stella took a few steps back, regaining her composure.
“I have a husband.
”
###chapter312
There was a brief silence before the sound of Jeremy’s laugh echoed throughout.
“You don’t have to make up such a lie just to reject me, Stella.
”
With a serious expression, Stella said, “Believe it or not, I am married.
If you don’t have anything to say about the art exhibition, I’ll be leaving then.
”
After picking all her bag, Stella began to head for the exit.
She thought he just used the art exhibition as an excuse to ask her out.
Jeremy gripped her hand tightly.
Stella struggled, trying her best to break free.
It was no use, though; he was way stronger than her.
“What the hell are you trying to do?” she asked, growing irritated.
“It doesn’t matter if you’re married.
Be my lover.
Your husband doesn’t have to know about it.
I will pay you every month.
”
Stella stood in utter shock and disbelief.
It was hard to believe that the man in front of her now was the same polite and respectful one she had spoken with days ago.
Were they really the same person?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Jeremy took her silence positively.
Smiling smugly, he opened his drawer with his free hand, and took out a check and a contract.
He handed them to her, hinting with his eyebrows that she should take a look.
“This is one million dollars and the contract for an apartment in the center of Seamarsh.
Once you sign it, both the money and the apartment will be yours.
”
Stella was forced to comply.
She glanced through the document, finally understanding what Jeremy’s goal was.
He planned on using her to get information on Matthew.
The offer was indeed quite tempting, but Stella was better than that.
“This money isn’t nearly enough.
”
Jeremy thought she was finally on board and he smiled triumphantly.
“If you’re able to give me valuable information, you will certainly get way more than this.
After all, this is only the beginning, right?”
Stella stared at him in bemusement.
He looked so confident and determined.
###chapter313
“I appreciate the offer, but I’m not that kind of person.
I have no interest in joining you.
” With that, she dropped the document back on the table and turned around to leave.
Before she could go any further, the exit was blocked by several men in suits.
Her grip on her bag tightened.
She turned around to look at Jeremy, trying her best to appear calm.
“This is beneath you.
Why are you doing this?”
Jeremy didn’t look pleased.
“I’m not one to hurt women, but I’m afraid you’re going to have to suffer a bit.
That is, of course, if you don’t sign it.
”
At this point, Stella grew very anxious.
Different thoughts of how Jeremy would kill her and hide the evidence flooded her mind.
She was surrounded.
It would be impossible if she tried to escape.
Stella decided her life came first.
“You’d Let me go once I sign it?” she asked cautiously.
Jeremy pointed at the paper on the table in response.
Stella turned to the bodyguards, who hadn’t moved and inch.
There really was no escape.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She feigned obedience and took her seat once more.
Jeremy placed a pen in front of her, watching her every move.
Stella reluctantly signed her name on the paper.
“How’s that?”
Content, he closed the document and put it to the side.
He stretched his hands out to Stella, but she easily retreated.
“What now?” she asked.
Jeremy narrowed his eyes at his stretched out hands.
“You signed the contract, so I just want you to fulfill your promise as my lover.
”
Stella stepped back again and Jeremy inched closer, his approach deliberate.
Her path was blocked by the sofa’s armrest, causing her to panic when she glanced over her shoulder.
###chapter314
There was no turning back now.
She faced Jeremy and instinctively raised her hands.
“Wait…”
Jeremy lowered his gaze, wearing a mysterious smile.
His eyes bore into Stella as he arched an eyebrow.
“The contract’s been sealed.
Are you having second thoughts?”
Stella took a deep breath, maintaining her composure.
“Not exactly.
But signing that contract was abrupt.
I need time to accept this.
Forcing me into this won’t help our collaboration, will it?”
Jeremy furrowed his brow, deep in thought.
Capitalizing on the moment, Stella continued, “I share a place with a friend.
If I’m late getting back, she’ll call the cops for sure.
You wouldn’t want things to escalate, would you? And imagine if Mr.
Clark gets wind of it…”
She halted at just the right moment, her gaze fixed on Jeremy’s face, a sense of unease gnawing at her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As she prepared to speak again, Jeremy released his grip on her.
Raising his hand, he caressed Stella’s cheek before gently pinching her chin.
“I can give you some time to prepare, but don’t test my patience for too Long.
”
Despite her fear, Stella nodded.
“You can leave now,” declared Jeremy.
Upon hearing this, Stella grabbed her bag and exited the room.
Jeremy’s gaze followed her departure with indifference.
He picked up the contract resting on the table, deep in thought.
With this contract in hand, he felt confident that Stella wouldn’t act recklessly.
Moreover, judging by how much Matthew cared for Stella at the art exhibition, it was evident he had hidden intentions regarding her.
He held a potential threat over Matthew using Stella as leverage.
###chapter315
Jeremy burst into uncontrollable Laughter.
Little did Matthew anticipate that one day, a woman would be his downfall.
Stella bolted from the club, not daring to glance back.
The night had descended, casting only a faint glow from a scattering of streetlights.
Breathing heavily, Stella waited by the curb, flagging down a passing taxi.
After a short wait, she finally climbed into the cab.
It wasn’t until the car left the private club behind that she began to relax, sinking into the seat.
Stella swiftly retrieved her phone and dialed Matthew’s number, yet he remained unresponsive.
Overwhelmed by anxiety, Stella implored the driver to speed up.
She guessed that Jeremy would cause trouble to Matthew soon.
Given Jeremy’s performance, he likely possessed information about the incident at the art exhibition.
If someone harbored ill intentions towards Matthew, could he be in jeopardy?
As Stella dwelled on the matter, her unease intensified, a coil twisting painfully around her stomach.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Upon arriving at Prosper Bay, she sprang out of the car and made a beeline for Matthew’s house.
In her haste, she sprinted blindly and tumbled in a panicked frenzy.
Despite the pain, Stella gritted her teeth, regained her footing, and limped toward Matthew’s villa.
She repeatedly rang the doorbell and rapped on the door.
“Mr.
Clark, are you home?”
There was no reply, but the living room remained illuminated with light.
Stella pressed the doorbell once more, bouncing on her feet.
At last, the door swung open.
Matthew, wearing only a towel cinched around his waist, displayed his strong torso and still-damp hair, suggesting he’d just finished a shower.
Stella felt a flush of embarrassment and uncertainty wash over her.
She cast her gaze downward, avoiding his eyes.
###chapter316
Matthew, equally taken aback by Stella’s unexpected presence, asked, “It’s quite late.
What brings you here?”
“I had an urgent matter to discuss with you, but I couldn’t reach you by phone, so I decided to come to your house,” Stella explained.
Matthew had been tied up in meetings all day, leaving him no opportunity to check his phone.
“Come in.
” He opened the door and ushered Stella inside.
As Stella gazed up, she beheld his sturdy form, causing her cheeks to flush once more.
She gently reminded him, “Would you Like to change your clothes first?”
Matthew lowered his gaze, suddenly aware of his unsuitable attire.
“I apologize.
I heard the doorbell and feared something amiss…
Please, go ahead and make yourself comfortable.
I’ll change.
”
With a bow of her head, Stella moved to the living room, seating herself rather stiffly.
Matthew walked back to his room to switch outfits.
In a matter of minutes, he emerged clad in dark gray pajamas, which softened his demeanor, imbuing him with a livelier air.
Taking a seat opposite Stella, he asked, “What’s the matter?”
Stella promptly handed him a check, explaining, “Jeremy gave me this.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She proceeded to recount the evening’s events, stating, “Jeremy lured me in under the pretense of sharing insider information about the art exhibition accident.
In the end, he gave me a contract and wanted to get your information out of me.
”
A shadow crossed Matthew’s face, his grip on the check tightening.
Observing his reaction, Stella cautioned, “You must be careful with Jeremy.
”
“The check isn’t enough evidence unfortunately,” Matthew said, as he stared at the check in front of him.
“I know.
I just want you to be careful and prepared for what Jeremy is planning next.
” As Stella spoke, she realized that Matthew’s attention was now on her legs.
She glanced down to find her knees covered with blood.
She must’ve gotten injured from the fall.
She didn’t feel it before, but now that she was out of danger, her knees were screaming in pain.
“It’s getting a bit late.
I think I should head back.
” Stella got up from the sofa.
She turned around to leave when Matthew suddenly grabbed her wrist.
“Sit.
You need to treat those first,” Matthew said.
His tone left no room for argument.
###chapter317
Before she could utter a word, he had disappeared into a small room to get the first-aid kit.
Unsure of what to do, Stella stood there awkwardly before finally deciding to sit.
Matthew finally returned after a while with a box.
He took out the supplies needed from the box.
Stella tried to take them from him, but he dodged.
“I’ll do it for you.
Just sit,” Matthew said softly.
Stella stared at him wide-eyed.
“You don’t have to do that! I’ll do it myself.
”
He was her boss; how could she let him do such a thing for her?
Matthew paid no attention to her as he dipped the cotton swab in some alcohol and began to carefully wipe her knee.
Stella sucked in a breath harshly as the pain shot through her body.
She winced in pain.
Matthew held her knees down in place to prevent her from flinching.
He stared up at her and said sternly, “Stop moving.
You’ll make it worse.
”
“I honestly can do it by myself,” Stella said as she stared down at him.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’ll be gentle.
I promise,” he said as he went back to cleaning.
Stella grew flustered at his words, her cheeks turned bright pink.
The distance between them was so small.
She could smell his cologne clearly.
He remained focused on what he was doing.
She could feel his breath on her thighs.
There it was again, that weird feeling in the pit of her stomach.
Matthew’s whole attitude had changed, making him seem like a completely different man.
His new behavior wasn’t the same as a boss just caring for his subordinate.
An uneasy feeling rose within her as she stared at him intensely.
Why was he doing all this for her?
“ALL done.
” His deep voice broke her train of thoughts as she felt a sense of relief.
“Thank you.
It’s really late, I should leave.
” She immediately got off her seat and began to leave, but was stopped by Matthew again.
###chapter318
“Hold on.
”
“Yes?” Stella asked, as she turned around to look at him.
“I’ll take you.
It’s not safe for you to go alone by this time.
Plus, you got lost the last time,” Matthew stated calmly.
“No, no, it’s fine.
You don’t need to do that,” Stella said, her words coming out rushed.
Matthew walked straight to her.
“The streetlights are also broken, so let’s go.
”
Stella stayed silent.
Thinking back, she remembered that the streetlights were actually broken.
That was why she had fallen.
“You came here and got injured because of me.
The least I should do is take you home,” Matthew insisted.
Stella finally gave in and accepted.
She followed behind him as he walked out first.
Stella used the opportunity to secretly text Miley.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew slowed down, so they could walk side by side.
It was very dark.
The sound of the leaves rustling in the wind could be heard clearly.
Stella swallowed the lump in her throat, her fear growing worse.
Matthew noticed as he stared softly at her.
“You can hold onto my shirt if you’re scared.
”
Stella was in shock.
She wasn’t expecting Matthew to say that.
She quickly regained her composure.
“I’m fine, I’m not scared.
Thank you.
”
Matthew didn’t press further.
He looked ahead without another word.
There was a heavy silence between them.
After some minutes of walking, they finally saw a few working streetlights up ahead.
Miley was standing at the intersection.
“Stella!” she yelled as she waved.
###chapter319
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark, but I can go alone from here.
My friend can take me the rest of the way.
Go back safely,” Stella said as she hurriedly walked in Miley’s direction.
Matthew stood there, an unreadable look on his face.
After a while, he finally turned around to leave.
Stella dragged Miley forward as they began to walk.
She looked back at Matthew.
Why did he look kind of lonely?
Miley abruptly stopped and turned to Stella.
“Wait, what happened?
Why did you ask me to pick you up when Matthew was already taking you home?”
Stella just shook her head in response.
“And why did you text me before to call the police?” Miley questioned.
Her phone had died because she used it to shoot some footage with the model.
She was only able to charge it when she returned.
That was when she got Stella’s messages.
Stella finally decided to tell Miley about the whole thing.
“So Jeremy is Matthew’s rival and he tried to use me to get information about Matthew.
”
Miley was taken aback.
“Why did he try to get you involved?”
“I guess because I’m his personal PR officer, so it’s easy for me to get information,” Stella replied.
Miley was angry, but she could do nothing about it.
She let out a frustrated sigh.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Why on earth did you go alone? Do you realize how dangerous that was?”
“It’s not like I expected Jeremy to do that.
” Stella sighed.
“Just forget it; let’s go home.
I already told Matthew about everything and he’ll handle it.
”
Miley dropped the matter and the rest of the journey home was quiet.
Immediately they were home, Stella walked straight to her room to take a shower.
She carefully avoided the wounds on her knees.
After her shower, she sprawled out on her bed completely exhausted.
###chapter320
She closed her eyes in an attempt to sleep but couldn’t stop thinking about Matthew treating her wounds.
She could clearly feel that Matthew treated her differently.
And it wasn’t the appreciation a boss would normally have for their employee.
It was the kind between a man and a woman.
He had shown some signs of attraction towards her before, but she remained distant and polite towards him.
She thought he would get the hint.
And besides, didn’t he say he wanted to repair his relationship with his wife? Why was he doing this to her now?
Stella was stuck.
She did not understand at all.
She didn’t see him as a deceitful person.
If he was, he wouldn’t have acted so coldly towards Vivien for all those years.
‘s BunnyBookery
The more Stella thought about it, the more sleep drifted away from her.
She tried to forget the earlier events that happened today, but Matthew’s face kept reappearing in her mind.
Stella was infuriated.
She decided to go talk to Miley but remembered how late it was.
Miley would probably be asleep by now.
She had a long day today.
Stella lay back down, feeling utterly demoralized.
She heaved a sigh.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Her thoughts were interrupted by the buzz of her phone.
It was a message from Maverick.
“Are you asleep yet?”
Stella stared at her screen in awe.
Maverick was checking up on her?
He didn’t even bother meeting up with her, and now he was texting?
What did he even want?
Stella went straight to the point.
“When are we going to meet again.
”
###chapter321
Meanwhile, at Prosper Bay, Matthew stared at his screen expectantly, only for his hopes to be crushed by her message.
He pondered for a while before replying, “Maybe next month.
I’m very busy.
”
His original plan was to meet her as Maverick, but now he had to be very careful because of Jeremy.
If Jeremy knew that Stella was his wife, he wouldn’t let her go easily.
Nothing was going to happen to Stella as long as he was here!
A wave of disappointment washed over Stella as she saw Maverick’s message.
She was going to have to wait for a whole month.
She stared at her screen helplessly, deleting and rewriting her response over and over again.
While she did this, her phone chimed with another message from Maverick.
“Please rest assured.
I promise to meet you and make up for my mistakes as soon as I return to Seamarsh.
”
Stella stared at the message not knowing what to say.
She decided on not saying anything.
She tossed her phone aside, sighing in relief.
This whole divorce process was taking way longer than it was supposed to.
She was willing to wait another month if it meant everything would finally be resolved.
The following day, Matthew was in his office working when Fernando came in.
“Mr.
Clark.
” He seemed serious.
Matthew dropped his pen and leaned back in his chair to look at him.
“Have you found anything yet?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Yes.
” Fernando stepped forward and handed the document to Matthew.
“Currently, Jeremy’s private industries are very disorganized.
They are mainly gathered at Seamarsh and Fliemur.
”
Matthew scanned the documents briefly before dropping them.
His face darkened.
“I want to know every move he makes, assign someone to watch him closely.
”
“Okay, sir.
”
“And I don’t Jeremy to be given the opportunity to meet Stella personally ever again.
”
###chapter322
He was going to protect her no matter what.
Fernando had heard about what happened yesterday.
“I’ll assign someone to watch him.
But before I leave, there’s one more thing you need to know.
”
“What?”
Fernando said, “Well, I investigated Jeremy, and I found that he has been buying our shares that individual investors have been holding in the market, and also…”
He paused, taking in Matthew’s reaction before continuing slowly, “Jeremy is planning on doing something to the land near your mother’s home.
He’s going to ask for your grandfather’s support soon.
”
Matthew’s face darkened.
Jeremy’s motive was very clear this time around; he was simply trying to provoke him.
Matthew was always aware of the fact that Jeremy was very envious and clearly wanted to take his place.
But instead of playing fair, he chose to play dirty by harming those around him.
He went for Stella, and now his mother.
Matthew’s face was blank and void of any emotion but his eyes gave him away.
He would have some ounce of respect for Jeremy if only he could play fair.
But he would not let it slide if Jeremy tried to hurt his mother and Stella.
Matthew stared at nothing in particular as he thought.
At lunch break, Stella was exhausted and decided to make some coffee.
She had slept very late because of the events that took place yesterday.
Sleep washed over her and it was becoming hard for her to keep her eyes open.
Suddenly, someone stopped the coffee machine, and a familiar male voice rang in her ears.
“The hell are you doing? The coffee was going to spill.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The sleep immediately vanished as she turned around to face him.
Jeremy leaned against the cabinet with a lazy grin plastered across his face.
He had one hand in his pocket as he watched her in amusement .
Stella immediately became cautious.
She grabbed her cup and took a few steps back, maintaining a good distance between them.
“What do you want?”
Jeremy watched her closely as his smile faded slowly.
He took a step forward.
He had this intimidating aura that made people fear him.
###chapter323
Stella grew slightly worried, but concealed it by clenching her cup to seem calm.
Jeremy smiled sadistically at her.
“You seem so scared.
Why? Have you forgotten all about last night?”
Stella asked calmly, “Anything go down last night? Lately, my memory’s been a bit hazy.
Why don’t you fill me in?”
Jeremy’s expression soured, and he clenched his jaw.
“Are you going back on your word?”
Stella grinned innocently.
“I’m not quite sure what you’re getting at.
If you’ve got nothing else to say, I’ve got work waiting.
I’ll be heading out now.
”
With that, she turned and strolled past Jeremy.
“Stella, if you step out that door, the whole company’s gonna catch wind that you’re my lover,” Jeremy warned in a frigid tone.
Stella pivoted and sneered, “Your words lack a foundation.
Who’s gonna swallow your words?”
“You signed the contract and pocketed the check.
Isn’t that proof enough?” Jeremy retorted, enunciating each word deliberately.
Stella’s face lit up with sudden understanding.
“Ah, so this is what you’re referring to.
”
Jeremy arched an eyebrow slightly, his smugness interrupted by Stella.
“But have you thoroughly reviewed the contract?” Stella gently reminded him.
“I’ve already handed the check to Mr.
Clark, along with the explanation that it’s your hard-earned money for the company.
If you wish to retrieve it, you might need to have a word with Mr.
Clark.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What on earth are you talking about?” Jeremy’s tone turned frigid.
“I personally crafted that contract.
How could there be an issue?”
Stella smiled and replied, “You’ll understand once you take a look back at it.
”
With that, she turned and walked away.
Jeremy’s face reddened with rage.
He hurried back to his office, retrieved the contract, and quickly flipped to the signature part with a sense of unease.
###chapter324
It was only at that moment that he detected something amiss.
Stella had intentionally penned the incorrect word on the contract.
With a surge of anger, Jeremy angrily tossed the document aside.
He slammed his palm onto the table, his expression darkening.
“Stella!”
This woman had the audacity to play tricks right in front of him!
As he gazed at the contract lying on the floor, Jeremy suddenly burst into laughter.
Sooner or later, he’d gather evidence against these two individuals and tarnish Matthew’s reputation.
Jeremy clenched his fists, grinding his teeth in determination.
After finishing her work for the day, Stella exited the offices of Prosperity Group and spotted Miley’s extravagant car parked by the company’s gate.
She stood there, taken aback, before making her way over to Miley.
“Why did you come here?”
“I’ve been concerned about you since I heard what you mentioned yesterday.
I’ll give you rides to and from work for a while,” Miley explained before inviting Stella into the car.
With a smile, Stella opened the car door and secured her seatbelt.
“Don’t worry, I can manage on my own.
You don’t have to come to pick me up tomorrow.
”
“Actually, there’s another reason for my visit today.
”
Stella raised an eyebrow.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What is it?”
“Well, there’s a small gathering in the evening.
Word has it that the judges of the KlassicLuxe brand will be attending,” Miley started the engine and shot her a look.
“The next phase of the competition is right around the corner, so it’s beneficial to get to know the judges.
”
When she heard about the prospect of socializing, Stella immediately declined.
“We’re contestants.
If we get acquainted with the judges, what if others suspect us of having ulterior motives?”
“I will go talk with them.
You can just stay aside.
” After those words, Miley heaved a sigh and added with a touch of pleading, “If I happen to have a few drinks, can I count on you to look out for me?”
Stella pondered briefly before nodding in agreement.
Approximately thirty minutes later, their car found a spot at the luxurious Pearl Hotel, a well-worn establishment in Seamarsh.
###chapter325
Miley guided Stella inside, suggesting she take a seat in the waiting area.
“I’ll check things out first and join you shortly.
”
“Okay,” Stella replied obediently.
She picked up a glass of juice as she settled into a quiet corner, engrossed in her phone.
Just then, a bit of commotion stirred at the entrance to the banquet hall.
Neville entered.
It didn’t take him long to spot Miley in the crowd.
He couldn’t help but recognize her as “Stella.
”
Why was she here?
He frowned and sent a message to Matthew.
“Your wife is currently at Pearl Hotel, surrounded by several men.
Did you give her permission to come here and socialize?”
In less than ten seconds, Matthew responded, “Snap a photo.
”
Neville arched his brows, sensing this woman’s uninvited presence.
He needed to unveil “Stella’s” true colors to Matthew, making sure he saw through her facade.
He felt that Matthew had fallen deeper under her spell, even to the point of refusing a divorce.
Neville clicked a picture and promptly forwarded it to Matthew.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a moment’s contemplation, he sent another message.
“I’m nearby.
Just say the word, and I’ll help you send your wife a stern warning.
”
The moment the message left Neville’s phone, Matthew rang him.
Neville answered, and before he could utter a word, he was met with Matthew’s ominous ultimatum.
“Don’t do anything to her.
Get out! Find a place to wait for me.
”
“What? You-“
Matthew cut him off abruptly, his voice commanding.
###chapter326
“Get out right now!”
Neville noticed the intensity of Matthew’s anger and, though dissatisfied, he responded, “I understand.
”
Half an hour later, with a screeching halt, a sleek black Maybach pulled up abruptly in front of the hotel.
As soon as Matthew entered the hotel, Neville hastened over to him, his frustration apparent.
He made a face and complained, “Did that woman sweet-talk you? Are you so worried I’ll confront her? You asked me to get out and even came here specifically.
What the hell are you planning Matthew shot a serious look at Neville and said, “My wife is Stella Anderson.
”
Neville, in a fit of anger, retorted without hesitation, “I know her name’s Stella.
So what…”
Uncertainty crept into his expression as he whispered, “Wait.
Is she…”
“Yes,” Mathew confessed.
“My personal PR officer, Stella, happens to be my wife.
”
Neville’s disbelief was palpable as he asked, “Are you sure? What a coincidence!”
“I’ve double-checked it.
” Matthew replied casually.
Neville’s mouth hung open in surprise, his confusion evident.
“Then who’s the woman I met earlier?”
Matthew honestly explained, “That’s Miley Cullen, Stella’s best friend.
”
The photo Neville sent mainly captured Miley, but he zoomed in, spotting Stella’s figure in the corner.
That was why he rushed here.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It took Neville a while to sort through these things.
“So, did I get her wrong?”
Matthew nodded.
He never expected such a coincidence.
“I misunderstood her before.
I’m still trying to make amends,”
Matthew said remorsefully.
Neville stayed silent, still processing all the information.
Matthew urged, “Keep it under wraps for now.
Don’t do anything impulsive
###chapter327
“I see.
” Neville adjusted his tie irritably and grumbled, “How tacky!”
Matthew glanced at the hotel and whispered, “There’s one more thing I need your assistance with.
”
“What ?”
“Go ahead and find out why Stella is here.
I’ll lend a hand if I can.
”
Neville chuckled, looking at Matthew.
“Matthew, I never thought you’d be so taken with her.
You’re in for a real challenge.
”
Despite Neville’s teasing, he reached out to his contacts at the gathering to gather some information, then texted Matthew.
“Stella and her friend entered the KlassicLuxe design competition.
”
Matthew was taken aback by this news.
He hadn’t expected Stella to be a part of the competition.
Later that evening, Matthew received the submissions selected for the preliminary round.
And Stella’s design was among them.
The dress seemed as though it had been tailored specifically for her.
Matthew had recognized Stella’s design talent long before, but seeing her final work left him even more astounded.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After some consideration, he dialed a number.
“I need to personally attend the KlassicLuxe design competition.
”
The following day, Stella’s phone rang immediately she got to the company.
Seeing the name of Lucia on the screen, she was surprised for a while before answering the phone.
“Stella! I hope I’m not pestering you,” Lucia said sweetly.
“No, no not at all.
I just got to the company.
How are you feeling now?” Stella’s voice held concern.
“I feel great.
I’ve become better since you came to visit me that day at the hospital.
” Lucia sounded extra bubbly.
“That’s wonderful news.
Make sure to rest,” Stella said, feeling relieved.
“I will.
Anyway, how are things going with Maverick?”
Stella didn’t know what to say since she wasn’t expecting Lucia to bring him up all of a sudden.
“What did that brat do now? Do I need to scold him?” Lucia seemed to take her silence to mean something bad.
###chapter328
“Oh no, that’s not needed.
We’re getting along just fine.
” Stella’s words ended up coming out rushed.
“Wait, are you sure?” Lucia couldn’t believe her ears.
“Yes.
He even sent me flowers.
”
“Finally! He’s getting sense into that thick skull of his!” Lucia was surprised.
“His birthday is coming up.
How are you guys going to celebrate it?”
Stella was dumbfounded.
They had been married for a whole year, and she didn’t even know his birthday.
It wasn’t like she wanted to celebrate it anyway.
She only lied to Lucia that they were getting along because of her health.
Now Stella was at a loss for words.
“You don’t have to answer if you don’t want to, Stella.
” Lucia spoke softly, picking her words carefully.
Stella didn’t want to hurt Lucia so she made something up.
“I got a small gift for him.
I’ll give it to him when it’s time.
”
“You really are a sweet girl, Stella.
Okay, go to work, I’ve taken up enough of your time.
”
Lucia was at ease now.
Stella hung up and stared at the screen.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She let out a small sigh.
Maverick gave her flowers and a phone; the least she could do was give him a gift.
What could she give him though?
She was stuck.
Stella walked over to the elevator and pressed the button.
She stood outside the doors waiting while thinking of a good gift.
Suddenly, someone stood beside her.
Stella looked up to find Matthew staring down at her.
She was still avoiding him because he had helped her with her wound and she couldn’t stop thinking about it.
Stella shifted slightly as she gave him a small smile.
###chapter329
“Good morning, Mr.
Clark.
”
She took her phone out and pretended to be doing something.
Matthew noticed how distant she was being, and a small frown made way to his face.
He tried to say something but was cut off by his phone ringing.
Lucia was calling him.
Matthew was confused as he answered the phone.
“I just got off the phone with Stella and she prepared a gift for your birthday!” Lucia exclaimed.
His face softened as he glanced at Stella.
The thought of her getting him a gift warmed his heart.
He managed to subdue his smile.
“That’s nice.
”
“Anyway, it’s supposed to be a surprise, so don’t let her know I told you,” Lucia reminded.
“Okay.
” Matthew hung up the phone.
He was overjoyed.
He forgot about how he was being ignored purposely by Stella.
He stole a quick glance at her again.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The elevator doors finally opened.
Matthew realized that she was about to get on the elevator and he impulsively stopped her.
“Wait.
”
“Yes, Mr.
Clark?”
“Let’s go out later.
”
Stella blinked at him in pure confusion.
There wasn’t anything about going out on his schedule today.
It was definitely for private matters.
Stella stood there, thinking of a way she could reject the offer when he spoke up again.
“It’s to get a gift for my wife.
I would take Fernando but I feel like you would know more about what women like.
”
Stella immediately eased up, sighing in relief.
###chapter330
She couldn’t help but think of the soft look on his face when he was on the phone.
His wife must have called.
“It would be my pleasure to help you pick something for her.
” Stella smiled sweetly at him.
Matthew didn’t say anything.
He just stared at her in response.
It was finally afternoon.
The thought of being alone with Matthew made Stella nervous, but thankfully, Fernando tagged along with them.
They all took off to get the gift.
Stella was shocked when she saw Neville as well.
So many people just to get a gift for Matthew’s wife?
Matthew must really want to repair their relationship.
“Stella, It’s been a while.
” Neville smiled warmly at her.
“It’s nice to see you again, Mr.
Pierce,” Stella said, returning the smile.
“Please, just call me Neville.
”
Stella was not expecting that.
She had been calling him Mr.
Pierce for a very long time, so she didn’t understand the sudden change.
Why was he suddenly asking her to refer to him by his name?
Stella turned to Matthew awkwardly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew sent Neville a dirty look.
Neville swiftly changed the subject.
“Well, I guess we better move quickly.
Stella, you are our indispensable guide today.
We’re only here to help you carry the bags.
So pick carefully.
”
Matthew cleared his throat, signaling Neville to shut his mouth.
Neville took the hint and immediately stayed quiet.
They began to shop at the cosmetics counter on the first floor.
After checking out the counters, Stella grew more ardent.
She excitedly turned to Matthew.
“What does your wife like?”
###chapter331
Neville stared awkwardly at Matthew.
Stella was too focused on Matthew to notice Neville.
Matthew remembered Stella’s design.
“I think she likes long dresses and flower-shaped pendants,” Matthew said cautiously.
Stella’s eyes widened in shock.
She was surprised that Matthew’s wife liked the same things she did, but she brushed it aside.
After all, many women liked the same stuff.
“I promise to choose the best gift.
I won’t let you down.
” Stella gave Matthew a determined look.
Matthew nodded his head in response.
They walked around the store for a while, before finally deciding to get a white dress.
“I’m sure my wife would love it.
Thank you for helping me.
” Matthew gave her a grateful smile.
Stella smiled back at him, feeling relieved.
“It was my pleasure, Mr.
Clark.
”
It seemed she had gotten the wrong idea about him and how he treated her.
Maybe that was just how he treated all women.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It seemed that since she wasn’t familiar with that kind of treatment, she assumed he Liked her.
Matthew spent his whole afternoon just to get his wife a gift.
He must really love her.
Stella decided to stop thinking about it.
They all walked out of the mall.
Matthew turned to Stella and Fernando.
“You guys should head back first.
”
“Okay.
” Fernando and Stella both chorused and turned around to Leave.
Matthew turned to Neville after Stella was out of sight.
“Do you remember all of them?”
Neville nodded.
“Yeah.
I can remember every single thing she Looked at for more than three seconds.
I got this, don’t worry.
”
Matthew stared at him blankly.
###chapter332
“I never would have believed that you’d be useful someday.
”
With that, he turned around and left.
Neville watched Matthew walk away, wondering whether that was a compliment or not.
Stella returned to the company safely when her phone began to ring.
It was Miley.
“Have you checked the KlassicLuxe website?”
“No, I haven’t.
Is something wrong?” Stella immediately turned on her computer.
Miley said excitedly, “KlassicLuxe finally announced the ten design studios for the semifinals and the subjects of the semi-final of the competition.
And we are among them!”
“Seriously?”
Stella hurriedly checked the website, and indeed their name was there.
Stella scrolled through the site and she couldn’t believe it.
The theme for the second round was evening attire.
They were expected to design two different dress; one for the designer themselves and the other for a model.
Miley’s voice was heard from the other side again.
“Well? Are you done reading? You can design one for yourself first.
We need to start making the sample as soon as possible.
”
Stella answered, “I’ll start tonight.
”
Stella got a call while at work.
It was Besty Natt, her high-school friend.
Stella was surprised.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Ever since their graduation, they barely talked to each other.
Besty went straight to the point.
“I’m getting married, Stella! And since you’re in the city, I want you to come to my bachelorette party.
We could use the opportunity to catch up.
”
Stella remained silent, contemplating what to do.
“You don’t have to be all nervous.
Only our high school friends and classmates will be there.
Please come.
We haven’t seen each other in ages, and I miss you! We were so close back then.
Now that we’re in touch again, we can have fun together.
”
Stella couldn’t decline the invitation.
###chapter333
“I’ll make it in time,” she assured, putting the painting aside.
“Great! I’ll send the address to you.
”
Once work was over, Stella got a bracelet for Besty as a wedding gift, then hurried off to make it in time for the party.
The party was being held at a hotel.
Several people had already arrived when Stella got there.
Besty ran up to Stella, hugging her tightly.
“Stella! It’s been too long.
You look stunning.
It looks like you become younger every passing day.
”
Stella was not used to these kinds of compliments.
She gave Miley a warm smile and stretched her hand out to her.
“Here, this is for you.
Congratulations on your wedding.
And thank you for the compliments.
”
“Thank you so much.
Oh and you’re welcome.
” Betsy excitedly unwrapped the gift.
“Why, it’s beautiful! I love it.
You have great taste, Stella.
”
She grabbed Stella’s hand and dragged her toward the group of people.
Once everyone was done reconnecting, Besty turned to Stella and asked, “Are you still single?”
Stella wasn’t expecting that question but answered regardless, “No.
I’m married.
”
“Huh? When was your wedding? And how come I wasn’t invited? I mean, I know we haven’t been in touch, but didn’t we promise that we’d make sure to attend each other’s wedding? Do you not care about our friendship anymore?”
“I do.
It’s not like that.
” Stella lowered her gaze.
She stared at the floor and explained in a low voice, “We haven’t held a wedding ceremony yet.
I promise I’ll invite you when we do.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Besty opened her mouth to say something when the door was suddenly pushed open.
Everyone’s head jerked in the direction of the door.
Stella took one look at who it was, and her face went blank.
Zola Olson.
Zola hated Stella and made her life miserable because the boy she liked didn’t feel the same way, but liked Stella instead.
Zola came from a rich background, which made her treat Stella poorly seeing as Stella was an orphan.
###chapter334
When Stella finally noticed, she made sure to keep her distance from Zola to avoid any conflict.
She was going to do the same thing today.
Besides, this was Betsy’s party.
Zola walked straight towards Stella, not giving her a chance to leave.
She sat beside Stella and said, “Stella! Why are you here? I thought you were abroad.
”
Besty took Stella’s hand in hers, giving it a small squeeze.
“Stella just returned to Seamarsh so I used the opportunity to invite her.
She’s married.
”
Besty thought Zola would let the grudge go if she was aware that Stella was married.
Zola eyes widened slightly.
“Seriously?” Her tone changed, becoming deceptively friendly.
“What does he do? Your husband? Is he from Seamarsh as well?”
Not wanting to elongate the conversation, Stella replied curtly, “He’s a businessman.
”
“A businessman huh? His name? I’m sure my husband would know yours.
He’s a top entrepreneur in Seamarsh.
”
At this moment, Zola’s husband, Colden Natt, entered and offered an apology, saying, “I’m sorry, it was quite challenging to find a parking space.
”
Zola gently took the man’s arm and said playfully, “Darling, why are you apologizing? Our car is just too huge.
”
She cast a defiant glance at Stella and inquired, “Since my husband happens to be here, you can go ahead and tell us about your husband.
”
Stella replied politely, “He’s just a regular businessman.
I don’t believe your husband is acquainted with him.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Zola’s confidence grew.
She smiled and said, “Stella, please, just tell us his name.
It shouldn’t be so hard, right? As our husbands are both businessmen, they could assist each other in their endeavors.
”
“But, if they don’t know each other, then we can drop the subject.
”
Zola’s persistence made Stella feel somewhat uncomfortable.
She had no other option but to comply.
“His name is Maverick Clark.
”
Zola had never heard this name before, so she turned to her husband for a reaction.
###chapter335
Colden shook his head and said, “I don’t know him.
”
Zola smiled with a hint of irony and asked, “Stella, what type of business is your husband involved in? Why don’t you invite him over?
I believe my husband wouldn’t mind offering some business opportunities to yours as a helping hand.
”
Her tone was condescending.
Stella felt disgusted.
With an unemotional expression, she responded indifferently, “Thank you for your offer, but it’s not necessary.
He’s involved in a modest business that provides for our family.
”
Zola thought Stella didn’t appreciate her generosity.
She managed to suppress her anger and continued with a smile, “You’re welcome.
We were once classmates, and even if there were any unpleasant memories between us in the past, they must have faded over the years, right?”
Her comment was a subtle reference to Stella’s pettiness.
A hint of impatience crossed Stella’s face.
When she was about to bid Besty goodbye, the latter spoke first.
She changed the subject and asked, “Zola, what have you been up to lately? You’re glowing more and more.
”
Zola responded with a bright smile and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
This question was exactly what she had hoped for.
It was another opportunity for her to show off.
Zola raised her chin slightly and said, “I’ve been working on design projects lately.
By the way, have you heard about the KlassicLuxe design competition?”
Besty nodded, “Yes, I’m aware of it.
However, I heard that there are very few slots available, and only the top professionals in the industry make it to the second round.
”
Zola’s smile grew even wider.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She raised her chin slightly and cast a disdainful and self-satisfied look at Stella.
“Indeed, it’s quite challenging to make it to the second round.
There are only 10 slots available, but I’ve already secured a spot.
”
“Oh my God! You’re awesome, Zola!” Besty exclaimed.
Zola’s ego continued to rise.
But her smile froze when she noticed Stella drinking without paying her any attention.
Zola, growing increasingly irritated, intentionally raised her voice.
“Stella, I recall that you used to work in design.
Why didn’t you enter the competition?”
Stella glanced at her and took another sip of wine, choosing not to respond to her question.
###chapter336
Zola persisted, “Are you still involved in the design industry? I could introduce you to some clients.
”
“There’s no need,” Stella replied coldly, taking a sip of her wine.
“I’m currently working as a public relations officer.
”
Zola curled her lips in a disdainful manner.
“A public relations officer? I didn’t expect that!”
Zola covered her mouth and let out an ironic laugh.
Stella felt annoyed.
She remained silent and continued to drink one glass after another.
At that moment, her phone suddenly vibrated.
Stella began to feel slightly dizzy.
She rubbed her temples and, with her other hand, tapped on the message to read it.
It was from Maverick.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The message was concise.
“Where are you?”
As Stella nursed her aching temples, she replied, “I’m at a boring class reunion at Seamarsh Hotel.
They’ve all been asking about you and they all think that I’m a nobody and so is my husband.
It appeared she was venting her frustrations and airing her grievances.
After sending the message, Stella received no response from Maverick for quite some time.
She smiled bitterly.
She stowed her phone away and turned to Besty.
“I’m feeling a bit tipsy.
I think I’ll head to bed early.
Enjoy the rest of your evening.
”
Stella placed her hand on the table and prepared to stand up.
Upon hearing that Stella was preparing to leave, Zola asked arrogantly, “Stella, since you’re drunk, isn’t your husband coming to pick you up? Does he even have a car?”
Stella turned around, ignoring Zola completely.
She went straight for the door, staggering a few times.
Besty quickly grabbed her arm to prevent her from falling.
“Hey, are you good?”
###chapter337
“Yeah, I’m good.
I’m just a bit dizzy,” Stella said, forcing a smile on her face.
“I’m so sorry about tonight, Stella.
I really thought Zola would’ve changed by now.
Don’t let her get to you.
” Besty apologized.
She had thought Zola would’ve gotten over her grudge.
Unfortunately, even after all those years, she was still the same.
Stella gave her a brief smile and continued walking.
She was about to call a taxi when Zola yelled her name.
“Stella!”
Zola and her husband walked towards her, hand in hand.
“Colden and I were just leaving.
Wanna go with us? We can give you a ride.
”
She put on her most innocent act but her eyes gave her away.
Besty quickly interfered.
“She’s going with me.
”
Stella could barely hold herself up, everything around her was beginning to blur.
The effects of the wine were setting in.
“No, thank you.
I’m fine.
”
As she was still speaking, several Maserati cars suddenly parked in front of the hotel.
Men in suits came out of the cars and walked to Stella.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Everyone watched in awe.
Zola stood in place, a look of confusion and disbelief on her face.
“What is going on? Who are you people?”
They all ignored her presence, like she was nothing but a mere pest.
One of the men stepped forward and bowed respectfully to Stella.
“Mrs.
Clark, we were sent by Mr.
Clark to pick you up.
”
Stella was confused, and the alcohol in her system wasn’t helping either.
“Wait, Maverick?”
“Yes, ma’am.
So please get in the car.
”
###chapter338
Besty watched the scene in front of her in awe.
She lightly pulled Stella aside.
“Did your husband really send them? They seem Like trouble.
”
Stella quickly confirmed from Maverick whether he had sent them.
She relaxed once she had confirmed it.
She smiled at Besty.
“It’s fine.
My husband sent them.
We’ll catch up some more another time.
”
Besty eased up and escorted Stella to the car.
Zola followed suit curiously, but one of the bodyguards stepped in front of her, hindering her from going any further.
“You can’t go any further, or else we’d have to use restraining methods,” the bodyguard said coldly as he looked down at her.
Zola remained rooted in her spot in fear.
The cars all drove away one after the other, leaving nothing but a faint trail of smoke behind.
Zola came back to her senses and turned to Colden.
“Are you sure you don’t know her husband?”
Colden was also amazed by the scene he just witnessed.
He shook his head as if he was in a trance.
“No.
But the license plates are only available to the important people in Seamarsh.
”
The thought that the cars were rented immediately dispersed from Zola’s mind.
She immediately grew resentful.
Noticing her jealousy, Besty began to piss her off even more.
“Stella is so down to earth! Her husband is so rich, yet she wasn’t acting all stuck up and rude.
I guess I get why she didn’t tell me about her marriage.
She didn’t want people to get all jealous.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Zola’s face darkened.
She grabbed her bag and walked off, her hatred growing even deeper.
When they arrived at Prosper Bay, Matthew was already standing outside the door.
The driver parked the car as the bodyguard got out.
“Mrs.
Clark fell asleep.
Should we wake her?”
“Just wait outside here.
”
Matthew walked to the car.
There she was.
Sleeping soundly, she looked so peaceful.
###chapter339
His heart clenched when he remembered what she had texted.
Once he was certain that she was okay, he walked back to the bodyguard and ordered, “Call Miley to get her.
”
After two minutes, Miley finally arrived.
She opened the car door to find Stella alone.
“Where the hell is Maverick? He didn’t even bother coming?”
“He had urgent business to attend to,” the bodyguard said respectfully.
Miley was pissed.
She nudged Stella lightly.
“Come on, Stella, we’ve got to go.
”
Stella stirred in her sleep.
“I was bullied, Maverick…”
The next day, it was past nine when Stella finally woke up.
She checked the time and rushed out of bed.
How could she sleep this late? She hurriedly changed clothes and ran downstairs.
Miley sat at the table eating breakfast.
She noticed Stella running around from the corner of her eye.
“Slow down, or you’ll fall.
We can’t win the competition without our chief designer.
”
Stella looked at her frantically.
“I’m so late! Why didn’t you wake me?”
Miley just shrugged, an unbothered look on her face.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I tried to, but you didn’t wake up.
And what’s the big deal if you take half a day off?”
Stella watched Miley eat helplessly.
“And last night? What happened?
Who picked me up? I don’t remember how I came back.
”
She had a vague memory of Maverick’s bodyguards.
Miley sent her a sharp glare.
“You dare to ask about last night after being so careless? Do you know how dangerous that was? Being alone outside while drunk?”
Stella was aware of her carelessness.
She remained silent, letting Miley scold her like a child.
###chapter340
“You were lucky Maverick sent his men to get you.
Who knows what could have happened? Anyway, what is Maverick’s job?”
She remembered the expensive cars and bodyguards.
Only rich people could afford that.
She pondered on it for a while but just couldn’t figure it all out.
Which family had the Clark surname at Seamarsh?
Stella was about to speak, but was cut off by her phone.
It was Maverick.
“How are you feeling now? Have you sobered up? I saw your messages when I returned to Seamarsh, but you were drunk and unconscious by the time I got there.
So I sent you home.
”
“You could’ve just woken me.
Why didn’t you?” Stella asked.
He was finally back, so they could get a divorce.
Since he didn’t wake her up, the divorce would be delayed again.
The thought pissed her off greatly.
Maverick texted back, “I just couldn’t disturb you.
You were sleeping so soundly.
”
Stella didn’t know what to say.
“Why do you always disappear, though?
You leave no trace!”
“I’m sorry.
I’m still starting my own business, you know.
And it’s very occupying.
”
Stella stared at the message.
She was at a loss for words.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley walked up to her and handed her a small box.
“Well? Don’t just stare at it.
Open it.
One of Maverick’s bodyguards gave you this, but you were crazy drunk.
”
Stella opened the box.
A bracelet sat in the box.
“The guy’s got good taste, I’ll give him that.
” Miley stared at the bracelet.
“He must want to make up with you.
It’s kind of cute…I think.
”
Stella stared at the bracelet.
She didn’t know what to feel or say.
“I know he has been a real jerk in the past, but now it seems like he’s trying to make things right.
So if you forgive him, I’ll support you one hundred percent.
”
Stella turned to her friend in awe.
###chapter341
“But of course, he has to truly apologize.
Then he must treat us to a meal, a grand one.
That’s the only way he can be forgiven.
” Miley smiled.
Stella hurriedly picked up a slice of bread, switching topics.
“I have to go.
I’m way too late! No time for small talk.
”
She rushed out the door in a frenzy.
Once she was out, she quickly sent a message to Maverick.
“Don’t think I’m going to forgive you that easily after everything you did before just because you’re suddenly being all caring and sweet.
”
In the CEO’s office of Prosperity Group…
Matthew Looked at the message sent by Stella, and the words cut deep, causing an ache in his heart.
He found himself at a loss, unsure of how to respond.
Originally, he believed that Stella’s willingness to use the phone he had bought meant that their relationship was gradually improving.
However, it became clear that this was merely wishful thinking.
Those gifts couldn’t make up for the mistakes he had made in the past.
What could he do to make her forgive him?
Matthew adjusted his tie and reclined in his seat, growing slightly irritated.
Based on Stella’s message, it was evident that her opinion of Maverick had not improved.
She had been insistent on meeting him, and he understood her feelings, but he was hesitant to take the risk.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He couldn’t imagine her reaction if she were to discover that he was, in fact, Maverick.
Yet, would his avoidance only lead to even greater disappointment on her part?
Contemplating this, Matthew rubbed his throbbing temples.
He was now facing the consequences of his actions.
What could he possibly do to save his marriage?
At lunch time, Stella headed downstairs to grab some coffee.
The moment she stepped out of the company gate, a taxi stopped right in front of her.
As Stella was about to walk past it, the backseat door suddenly swung open.
###chapter342
Stella was taken aback when she saw the bewildered expression in Jeremy’s eyes.
Jeremy averted his gaze with indifference, then clumsily grabbed the door and stumbled out of the car.
Stella inhaled the strong smell of alcohol from him.
She gazed at Jeremy blankly and noticed that his face was flushed, and there were peculiar rashes on his neck.
Stella couldn’t help but worry.
“Are you alright? Are you allergic to alcohol? I can buy some medicine for you.
”
Jeremy glanced up at her with a cold expression.
He sneered and brushed her hand aside.
“No.
”
After uttering those words, he continued to stagger forward.
Stella pursed her lips and had no intention of interfering.
Just as she was about to turn away, she noticed Jeremy lose his footing and leaning against the door to steady himself.
During lunchtime, although there weren’t many people passing by the building entrance, those who did couldn’t help but cast curious glances in Jeremy’s direction.
After thinking for a moment, Stella took another step forward.
She gently took hold of Jeremy’s arm and reminded him, “We’re at the entrance.
Allow me to assist you inside.
”
This time, Jeremy complied without resistance.
Stella assisted him to a corner of the first-floor hall, then turned and proceeded to the front desk to retrieve the anti-allergy medication and a glass of water before returning.
With his head lowered, Jeremy seated himself on the sofa.
He appeared incredibly vulnerable, a stark contrast to the strong and ruthless man he had been that day.
Stella approached him quietly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She handed the water and medicine to Jeremy.
“Please take the medicine first.
If you still feel unwell, you should consider going to the hospital.
”
Perhaps due to Jeremy’s inebriation, his reaction was a little slow.
He lifted his head slowly and gazed at Stella for a moment.
Then, he took the medicine and swallowed it.
After taking the medicine, his expression softened.
###chapter343
Stella blurted subconsciously, “Why did you drink so much at noon?”
Jeremy chuckled and cast a brief glance at her.
His eyes appeared to mock her ignorance.
Stella also sensed that she might have spoken out of turn.
As she was about to bid goodbye and leave, she heard Jeremy speak.
“If I don’t take risks and fight for it, how can I secure a promising project? Do you think everyone is as fortunate as Matthew?
He has lived with his mother over a decade, and yet he can still return to the Clark family as an illegitimate child!” He gripped the glass tightly, punctuating his words in a sarcastic tone.
Stella appeared to have learned an important secret and was utterly shocked.
She lowered her head and averted her gaze from Jeremy.
Before joining the company, she had also heard some rumors about Matthew, but she didn’t anticipate that Jeremy would confirm these rumors.
Stella was speechless.
Fortunately, Jeremy didn’t say anything more.
He stood up and returned to his customary politeness.
“Thank you for helping me just now.
”
Stella replied with a smile, “You’re a very important senior executive in our company, and your image reflects our company’s values.
I wouldn’t want others to see you in this state and potentially create unnecessary issues.
”
Looking at her with a smile, Jeremy said, “Stella, I’ll give you another chance to reconsider what I mentioned last time.
”
Stella didn’t anticipate that he still hadn’t abandoned this idea.
“Thank you for your the appreciation, but my answer is still the same.
I just want to do well in my job.
I’m sorry that I can’t do anything else for you.
”
Stella refused without hesitation, yet remained polite.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Jeremy smiled.
He had known this would happen.
He sobered up a bit, smiled, and asked casually, “What’s so good about Matthew?”
Stella thought about it for a moment before saying, “Mr.
Clark is an excellent boss.
He has earned my loyalty.
”
Jeremy fell silent.
There was a subtle coldness in his gaze.
Stella nodded slightly.
###chapter344
“You should get some rest after taking your medicine.
I won’t disturb you.
I hope we can treat each other as regular colleagues in the future.
I have other tasks to attend to, so I’ll take my leave now.
”
Then, she turned around and left.
Jeremy stood still, gazing at her retreating figure.
Once she was out of sight, he took out his phone and issued a command in his deep authoritative voice, “Let’s pick up the pace.
I want to uncover Matthew’s weaknesses as quickly as possible.
”
After getting her coffee, Stella returned to her office desk.
As soon as she sat down, she received an internal call from Matthew, requesting her presence in his office.
She glanced at her watch.
It was unusual for her boss to assign tasks to her during her breaks.
Despite her reservations, Stella promptly made her way to his office.
“Mr.
Clark, what can I do for you?” Stella asked softly.
Matthew looked away from the computer screen to face her.
On the screen, there was a scene showing the incident earlier.
Stella was assisting Jeremy on the first floor.
He inquired calmly, “Has Jeremy been causing you any trouble lately?”
Stella was taken aback that Matthew was still concerned with this matter.
She replied, “No.
I’ve made myself clear to him.
He won’t bother me again.
”
Matthew let out a sigh of relief.
He shut the computer down and couldn’t resist reminding her, “If he continues to bother you, just inform me, and I’ll take care of it.
”
“Okay,” Stella replied.
“I have something else to tell you.
”
“What is it?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“The second round of the KlassicLuxe design competition is about to commence, and Prosperity Group has invested in it.
I’ll be heading to the venue, and I’d like you to accompany me,” Matthew explained.
Stella was stunned.
During her participation in the first round of the competition, Stella had never been informed that Prosperity Group had invested in it.
After a moment of thought, she cautiously admitted, “I also took part in the competition and made it to the second round.
”
While speaking, she closely studied Matthew’s expression.
###chapter345
Matthew stared at Stella for a moment, then nodded.
“As long as you perform your job well, I won’t interfere with your other commitments.
”
Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
“I understand.
Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
When Stella got home from work, she received an email from KlassicLuxe.
Excited, she hurriedly turned on the computer to check it.
The email contained a group of photos featuring 32 models.
Contestants were given the opportunity to select any model and send the corresponding model number to KlassicLuxe before midnight.
It was a first-come, first-served basis.
Time was running out, and Stella didn’t have a moment to spare for dinner.
She immediately began browsing through the photos.
She studied each photo, taking careful note of the characteristics of each model, ensuring that she could select a model that matched her design.
Yesterday, before heading to Besty’s party, she had a rough concept of the design in her mind.
For the evening dress, she opted for a vibrant shade of red, complemented by a generous hemline, and cinched at the waist with a matching belt.
The dress was crafted from luxurious velvet material.
Stella understood that the simpler the design, the more challenging it would be to showcase its beauty and evaluate the model’s professional skills.
Consequently, she approached the model selection process with great care and deliberation.
Even though she had made her selection with utmost speed and care, an entire hour had already passed by the time she chose her model.
Following the confirmation, Stella promptly submitted model number 18 to KlassicLuxe as per the requirement.
They promptly replied to her email, confirming that model had already been chosen by another participant.
Stella’s heart raced.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She believed she had acted swiftly, but she hadn’t anticipated someone else being even quicker.
With no other option, Stella had to choose another model.
Unfortunately, this model had also been selected first.
Stella was starting to get anxious.
Time continued to pass by, the seconds turned into minutes.
She tried to keep her head and looked at the pictures again, in search of a suitable model.
In the end, she settled on model number 32, which was somewhat fitting for the dress she designed.
After sending the email, she nervously rubbed her hands together.
###chapter346
It wasn’t until she received confirmation of her successful choice that she let out a sigh of relief.
She slumped into her chair, all her energy spent.
Shortly thereafter, another email arrived in her inbox.
It contained the essential information and contact details of the model she had selected.
The model’s name was Flossie Diaz.
While her figure might not have been the most ideal, her eyes were strikingly beautiful and enchanting.
Stella glanced at the model’s name and furrowed her brow.
The name felt oddly familiar, but she couldn’t quite recall where she had come across it before.
However, she didn’t pay it much heed.
Stella powered off her computer and directed her full attention towards sketching the design.
Once she had completed the initial draft, hunger pangs set in.
It was then that she realized she had skipped dinner.
As Stella headed downstairs and was preparing to cook something, she saw Miley closing the door.
“You just got home? Listen, I got an email today.
” Stella couldn’t contain her excitement and quickly shared the news with Miley.
“I had to select the model myself for the KlassicLuxe competition since time was running out.
”
“Which model did you choose? Let me have a look.
” Miley’s eye shone with interest.
Stella had always put in the hard work for the KlassicLuxe design competition.
Now that it was about selecting models, Miley also wanted to offer her insights.
Stella promptly displayed the model’s photo and said, “Her name is Flossie Diaz.
Even though she…”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Before she could finish her sentence, Miley interrupted, “Why did you pick her?”
“Why? What’s wrong?” Stella looked at her, puzzled.
Miley dug out her phone, tapped on it, and then placed it in front of Stella.
The news on the phone was from an entertainment source and was filled with negative stories about Flossie, including allegations of her being involved as a mistress and the leakage of nude photos, among other things.
Stella stared at the screen, her mind going blank.
“I heard that Flossie only got into the competition because of the support of a powerful male sponsor backing her.
If you use a model like her, it could cost you a lot of favor with the judges right from the start!” Miley added, sounding concerned.
Stella’s knees grew weak.
She wasn’t the type to reading gossip and showbiz news, unlike Miley, who ran a modeling agency.
###chapter347
She believed that all the models participating in the KlassicLuxe design competition must have been vetted and approved by the organizers.
This information was starting to give her a headache.
Then, something flashed through her mind.
Stella reviewed Flossie’s information once more and suddenly had a realization.
No wonder Flossie’s name seemed familiar to her.
Nicol had previously suggested that she recruit Flossie for Prosperity Group.
Stella couldn’t help but regret her choice.
Seeing that Stella appeared distressed, Miley felt worried.
She asked softly, “Can you ask them again? Send an e-mail and ask to change the model.
Would that be possible?”
Stella checked her watch and shook her head with a dejected expression.
“It’s past twelve o’clock.
It’s too late.
”
Miley furrowed her brows.
“What should we do? We can’t let that model ruin our design, can we?”
The model was full of bad news.
Everyone’s attention would be drawn to the model when she appeared, and no one would go to see the dress design.
Miley’s anxiety mirrored Stella’s.
Stella thought for a moment and tried to reassure her friend.
“Don’t worry.
Even if Flossie brings negative attention, I’ll do my best to turn it around.
You can trust me.
”
Miley’s eyes brightened as she saw the determination in Stella’s gaze.
“Do you have a plan in mind?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“There’s always a way.
We just need to find it.
”
She wasn’t entirely sure of her plan, but there was no alternative at this point.
Stella refused to give up on the competition, so she considered this a test of her abilities.
Miley nodded in agreement and offered her support.
“Alright, let’s do this.
If you need any help, just let me know.
I’ll take care of logistics.
”
The next day, Stella attempted to contact Flossie, but her calls went unanswered.
###chapter348
After multiple attempts, the call finally connected.
However, surprisingly, a man’s voice answered from the other end.
“Hello, are you a friend of this lady? Please come and pick her up as soon as possible.
”
Stella furrowed her brow and asked for the address.
It was a nightclub.
After hanging up the phone, Stella rushed over.
Inside the club, Flossie was inebriated and sprawled on a sofa.
The bartender, upon seeing Stella, handed Flossie over to her and said, “This lady hasn’t settled her bill.
Please take care of it.
”
Stella paid the bill and looked at Flossie, who was intoxicated and resting on the sofa.
Stella tapped Flossie’s cheek gently.
“Wake up.
Where do you live?”
Flossie half-opened her eyes, mumbled incomprehensibly, and turned her head away.
Stella helped her sit up and repeated the question.
Only when she leaned closer did she catch Flossie’s response clearly.
Stella helped Flossie to her feet and, after some effort, got her outside.
They hailed a taxi to Flossie’s provided address, an older district in Seamarsh without an elevator.
Stella was out of breath after helping Flossie to the third floor.
She patted Flossie’s cheek again and asked, “Give me the key.
”
Flossie remained unresponsive.
Stella let out a sigh, rummaged through her bag, found the key, unlocked the door, and entered the apartment.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Although the place was clean, it was quite cramped.
Stella placed Flossie on the bed and could finally rest.
When she got her puff back, she sat down on a chair and planned to wait for Flossie to wake up.
As she observed the woman on the bed, confusion set in.
Weren’t there rumors online that Flossie was being kept by a wealthy man? If that was true, why was she living in such a humble apartment?
Stella couldn’t comprehend the situation and decided not to dwell on …
She shifted her attention away and retrieved her iPad from her bag to review her sketches.
###chapter349
After a while, there was a very low sound in the quiet room.
“Water.
Flossie’s voice was hoarse as she uttered this word.
Stella halted her review and put down her iPad.
She glanced around the room, eventually heading to the kettle.
Stella filled a glass with water and approached Flossie, offering her the glass.
As Flossie drank about half of the glass, she began to sober up.
When Flossie saw Stella, she appeared flustered and her eyes displayed caution.
“Who are you?”
Stella placed the glass down and introduced herself.
“I’m Stella Anderson, one of the designers of the KlassicLuxe design competition.
You are the model I’ve chosen for this competition.
I’ll need your cooperation for the design and showcasing.
”
“Model?” Flossie was taken aback.
“I never expected someone to choose me as a model.
”
Quickly straightening her disheveled hair, Flossie apologized awkwardly.
“I’m sorry.
Let me freshen up first.
Please wait a moment.
”
Stella nodded in agreement.
Flossie promptly got up and rushed to the bathroom.
Stella watched her go and couldn’t help but feel puzzled about Flossie’s situation.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After about three minutes, Flossie reappeared, her makeup washed off, looking more Lively.
However, she still appeared quite anxious when facing Stella.
“What can I do for you?”
Stella explained, “I’m here today to measure your sizes and take some additional photos.
”
Flossie was cooperative.
“Sure, no problem.
”
Stella retrieved a measuring tape and proceeded to record her measurements.
The process went smoothly and soon concluded.
###chapter350
Stella put away the measuring tape and, recalling Flossie’s condition at the club, she couldn’t resist offering some advice.
“In the coming days, it’s crucial that you avoid drinking.
Also, watch your diet, and try not to gain too much weight.
”
“I understand.
” Flossie agreed while feeling somewhat embarrassed.
Stella didn’t press the matter further.
She packed her belongings and picked up her bag, stating, “I’ll head back now.
Feel free to contact me by phone.
”
She turned to leave but was halted by Flossie.
“Wait!”
Stella stopped and asked, “What’s the matter?”
“I…” Flossie hesitated before softly asking, “May I ask you a question?”
Of course, go ahead.
”
With sincerity in her eyes, Flossie questioned, “Why did you choose me?” You should know about my bad reputation.
”
Stella offered an honest response with a smile.
“I didn’t know about your negative publicity until I chose you.
”
As soon as she finished speaking, she noticed Flossie lowering her head, appearing visibly disappointed.
Stella looked around the room and examined the girl in front of her again.
At this moment, her previous concerns and uncertainties seemed to dissipate somewhat.
Flossie might not be as bad as the rumors say.
She was willing to take a gamble.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In a relaxed and gentle tone, Stella said, “But it doesn’t matter now, does it? Isn’t it an opportunity for us to turn adversity into advantage together?”
Flossie’s face lit up with a smile.
“I really like that phrase.
”
Turn adversity into advantage…
She also hoped that Stella could guide her towards a positive transformation.
“But there’s something I need to tell you.
” Her smile faded, and she adopted a more serious tone.
“The rumors circulating online about me are all false.
”
Stella furrowed her brow.
###chapter351
Flossie’s online rumors were well-documented with pictures as proof, yet she claimed they were not real.
“Could you please explain what’s happening?” Stella asked with genuine concern.
“I used to work as a model at Govind Media.
My boss, Nicol, asked me to become his mistress, but I declined.
That’s when the fake news began circulating online,” Flossie responded with a hint of sarcasm in her voice.
Her tone was light, but there was a profound sadness behind her words.
Stella remembered her conversation with Nicol.
He certainly didn’t seem like a gentleman.
She placed a reassuring hand on Flossie’s shoulder and said, “I believe your words.
Don’t worry.
If there’s nothing to these allegations, your innocence will eventually be proven.
”
Flossie looked at Stella with gratitude and said, “Thank you.
You’re the only person who has put trust in me.
I won’t let you down.
”
Stella then asked, “But how did you manage to get on the model List for the KlassicLuxe competition?”
Since Flossie said that those were rumors online, based on her reputation and Nicol’s personality, he would undoubtedly deny her eligibility to take part in the model selection.
Flossie pursed her lips and said honestly, “It was the CEO of Prosperity Group who helped me.
”
“Matthew?” Stella was shocked to hear this.
Flossie nodded.
“After Mr.
Clark acquired Govind Media, he gave me the opportunity to participate in the KlassicLuxe model selection competition, and I was eventually chosen.
”
Stella was genuinely surprised, nearly doubting if she had heard correctly.
Govind Media was hardly worth purchasing.
Why would Matthew do such a ridiculous thing?
What happened between Matthew and Nicol after she left last time?
Stella couldn’t help but frown.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Miss Anderson.
” Flossie’s voice brought Stella back to the present.
Stella refocused and shifted the conversation.
“But considering you’re participating in the KlassicLuxe model competition, why are you still so…”
“Poor?”
Stella didn’t want to be blunt, but Flossie spoke openly about her situation.
Flossie gazed around the modest room and chuckled self—deprecatingly.
“Because no one dares to hire me.
Cyberbullying destroys people.
###chapter352
People tend to believe only what aligns with their preconceptions.
As for the truth, who cares?”
Stella felt sorry for her.
She held Flossie’s hand and spoke with determination.
“Don’t worry.
Since I’ve chosen you as my model, I’ll help you clear your name and make you famous all across Seamarsh.
”
Flossie was greatly encouraged by Stella’s words.
She held Stella’s hand firmly and nodded, “I won’t betray your trust.
I’ll do everything I can to help you showcase your designs.
”
After meeting Flossie, Stella found herself inspired and wasted no time in returning home to modify her sketch.
She worked tirelessly until the early hours of the morning when the draft was finally completed.
The next morning, Stella was awakened by her phone’s ringtone.
In a daze, she saw Clint’s name on the caller ID.
“Grandpa?”
“Stella, did I wake you up?” Clint asked in a soft tone.
Stella, now more alert, replied, “No, not at all.
What’s up?”
“I came across news of a popular design exhibition on the internet, and it’s taking place in Seamarsh.
I’ve purchased tickets for you.
You can go with Maverick.
” Clint’s cheerful voice came through the phone.
When Stella heard the name, her good mood was ruined.
“I see,” Stella responded in a perfunctory tone.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After hanging up the phone, she sat on the bed in a daze.
Since she had returned from Bysea, Clint had been procrastinating on giving her the marriage certificate.
Stella understood his intentions and didn’t press him about it.
However, she hadn’t anticipated that Clint would take action to bring her and Maverick together.
Despite the confusion, Stella couldn’t help but chuckle.
###chapter353
However, her amusement was short-lived as her phone rang again.
Clint had sent two electronic entry tickets for the design exhibition.
It came along with a reminder in the message that said, “You must take Maverick with you.
”
Stella didn’t reply.
She casually browsed the exhibition’s offerings, which consisted of works by renowned design masters.
Stella felt a twinge of temptation but lost interest when she remembered that she had to attend with Maverick.
Frowning, Stella thought for a few moments before hatching a plan.
She decided that when the time came, she would deceive her grandfather by saying she had invited Maverick but he couldn’t attend due to work commitments.
Maverick often used this excuse to avoid meeting her anyway.
With her plan in mind, Stella’s mood improved.
The exhibition was being held at a place called Fairwa in the suburbs of Seamarsh.
Stella got there by taxi.
The hall was large, but only a few people were gathered inside.
Stella finished checking everything out an hour early, so she decided to walk around a bit.
While on the road, she noticed how pretty the scenery was.
The air was so clean.
She had gotten so used to the scenery in the city.
It had been a while since she actually enjoyed watching the beauty of nature.
She just couldn’t bring herself to leave.
She walked around with no destination.
She stopped walking when she saw a woman struggling to carry various shopping bags up a slope in front of her.
Stella quickly approached her.
“Let me help.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella stopped speaking when the woman turned around.
Amara? Matthew’s mother!
She didn’t expect to find her here.
Amara looked at Stella, a shocked expression on her face.
“Oh, you again.
I know you! The last time we met, I fainted in the mall.
I was told that you saved me! I’ve been wanting to thank you, but I didn’t know how to reach you.
I’m glad I’m finally able to meet you again.
” Amara smiled warmly at Stella.
“You’re welcome, ma’am.
I’m sure if I wasn’t there, someone else would also have saved you.
” Stella was flustered.
###chapter354
“And Mr.
Clark already gave me a gift on your behalf.
”
“Mr.
Clark?” Amara asked confused.
It suddenly clicked in Stella’s head that she hadn’t properly introduced herself yet.
She quickly introduced herself and explained her relationship with Matthew.
“My name is Stella Anderson.
I work at Prosperity Group.
”
Amara sighed.
“Well it’s nice to meet you.
What a coincidence though.
But what are you doing all the way over here? Are you working?”
“I’m here to watch the exhibition.
”
“Oh okay.
” Amara nodded, smiling briefly.
“So where are you going with these?” Stella asked.
“Let me help you take them.
”
“I just finished going shopping.
I was heading home.
How about you come eat with me at my place? It’ll be my way of saying thank you,”
Amara suggested.
“You’re so kind.
” Stella then collected the bags from Amara.
Ten minutes later, they finally arrived at Amara’s home.
Stella walked in behind Amara, taking in her surroundings.
The villa looked normal and average, and was located at a very remote place.
Stella was confused.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Why would Matthew’s mother be living in such a place?
Stella couldn’t resist asking, “My apologies for asking, but why are you living here? Isn’t it inconvenient for you?”
Amara gave her a light smile.
“No, it’s very comfortable.
I like it here.
The air is fresh and the place is peaceful.
”
Stella noticed that Amara had been rubbing her wrist repeatedly and asked, “Is your hand okay? What’s wrong? Are you hurt?”
###chapter355
“It seems I sprained it.
But don’t worry, it’s nothing.
I’ll rub some medicine on it and then cook,” Amara said, an unbothered Look on her face.
“If it’s okay with you, I’ll cook instead,” Stella suggested.
“I can’t let you do that.
You’re my guest,” Amara strongly refused.
“You have a sprained wrist.
I can’t let you cook.
” Stella gave her a playful smile.
“Or are you worried about my cooking?”
Amara let out a small chuckle.
“Fine, you can do it.
Thank you.
”
“You’re welcome.
It’s my pleasure.
” Stella picked up the two bags and headed for the kitchen.
She stopped in her tracks and turned to Amara.
“You should go treat your hand.
I’ll call you once I’m done.
”
Amara gave her one last smile and walked upstairs, nodding.
She began cooking.
In less than an hour, she had cooked one soup and four different dishes.
She laid them out on the table and headed to go call Amara when the doorbell suddenly rang.
Amara yelled from upstairs, “Could you please help me with the door, Stella?”
“Okay!” Stella yelled back.
She walked over to the door.
Her eyes widened once the face of the person on the other side came into view.
“Mr.
Clark?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew was also surprised to see Stella here.
He came here today mainly to inspect Fairwa’s situation.
He had been on guard since he suspected that Jeremy intended to do something to Fairwa.
Fairwa was a land known for its famed beautiful scenery.
He was concerned that Jeremy might propose to turn it into a gambling city, so he came to see it in advance.
While he had the ultimate authority within Prosperity Group, Waldo’s decision was also of great importance.
For the past few years, Amara chose not to return to the Clark family and instead lived in Fairwa for an extended period, a decision that Waldo disapproved of.
###chapter356
Matthew was concerned that Waldo might support Jeremy in an effort to pressure Amara into compromising.
After the inspection, he realized that it had been a long time since he had visited Amara, so he decided to drop by.
However, he didn’t anticipate running into Stella here.
The two gazed at each other in silence for a few seconds.
Matthew was about to speak when he heard Amara’s voice.
“Stella, who is it?” Amara’s descending footsteps echoed.
When she saw Matthew, she quickened her pace in surprise.
“Matthew, you’re here.
”
Matthew looked away from Stella and explained, “I was here for business, and I thought I’d drop by for a visit.
”
Amara held his hand and studied him up and down.
Stella found an opportunity to speak.
“It’s getting late.
I should go now.
”
“Oh, don’t go yet!” Amara said.
“You promised to stay for dinner, remember?”
As she spoke, she pulled Matthew in and closed the door.
Stella studied Matthew’s expression, her eyes filled with hesitation.
After some thought, she declined politely, “I’d rather not disturb you while you catch up.
”
Before Amara could say anything, Matthew spoke first.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“It’s not a problem.
We can have dinner together.
”
Amara seized the opportunity to chime in.
“See, your boss has already agreed.
Will you refuse the both of us?”
Unable to find a reason to refuse, Stella had no choice but to give in.
Amara took the main seat in the dining room, while Stella and Matthew sat across from each other on opposite sides.
Stella kept her head low and ate in silence.
“Stella, don’t be shy, alright?” Amara said warmly, offering food on her plate.
###chapter357
Yet, Stella simply continued nodding and didn’t dare to speak.
“Stella, do you have any hobbies? What are you interested in?” Amara pressed on with her questioning.
Stella looked up.
“I usually visit exhibitions, go shopping, and do some painting in my free time.
”
“You can paint? That’s a wonderful skill.
” Amara looked impressed.
But Stella felt a bit bashful about being complimented.
“Just casually.
.
“By the way, Stella, do you have a boyfriend?” Amara asked.
Hearing the sudden question, Stella almost dropped the spoon.
She didn’t expect it, and she didn’t know how to answer.
At this moment, Matthew, who had remained silent the entire time, suddenly cleared his throat.
He turned to Amara and gently reminded her, “Mom, that’s too personal.
”
Upon hearing this, Amara offered an apologetic smile.
“I’m sorry, Stella.
I was just curious.
”
“It’s okay.
” Stella did her best not to tremble and resumed eating.
Amara also picked up her utensils.
She glanced at Matthew, only to discover that his plate was empty.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Surprised, Amara inquired, “Matthew, were you that hungry? I haven’t seen you finish your meal like this.
”
Eyeing his plate, Matthew also realized that he had unconsciously devoured all his food.
He was momentarily surprised but quickly composed himself and replied, “I haven’t had a taste of your cooking for a long while, so I couldn’t resist having a bit more.
”
“Me? Oh, I didn’t cook the food tonight.
” Amara smiled playfully.
She looked at Stella and explained, “My hand was hurting, so Stella cooked for me.
”
Matthew was taken aback.
Amara didn’t notice his surprised expression.
Breathing a sigh of relief, she caressed Stella’s hand.
###chapter358
“Stella, you might not know this, but my son has been quite picky about food since childhood.
This is the first time I’ve seen him finish everything on his plate.
You’re a wonderful cook!”
Hearing those words, Stella choked on a mouthful of rice.
She coughed so hard that her face turned red.
“Don’t be embarrassed.
Being a skilled cook is a valuable talent.
”
Gently patting her back, Amara handed her a glass of water.
“If you have time in the future, you can come and keep me company.
Once my hands have fully recovered, you can teach me some recipes.
”
Stella gulped the water quickly.
Then, she set down the glass and replied politely, “You flatter me.
”
Amara wanted to say something more, but Matthew interjected.
“Mom, hurry up and eat.
The food is getting cold.
You can talk after dinner.
”
Amara nodded, looking back on her plate.
Stella exhaled a relieved sigh.
When dinner was over, Stella promptly mentioned that she was heading home.
“Matthew, it’s not easy for Stella to take a taxi from here.
Would you mind giving her a ride back?” Amara suggested.
Before Stella could refuse, Matthew already nodded.
He picked up his coat and glanced at Stella.
“Let’s go.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Ma’am, we’ll be on our way.
” Stella said her goodbyes.
“Come visit whenever you’re free.
” Amara waved with a smile.
Stella nodded and followed Matthew out.
After getting in the car, Stella and Matthew both asked each other at the same time, “What were you doing here?”
Stella smiled sheepishly.
“I came here to check out a design exhibition I happened to have tickets for.
”
After a moment, she asked, “What did you come for, Mr.
Clark?”
“I’m here to inspect some stuff.
” Matthew’s response was short.
###chapter359
Stella nodded, turning to the window.
The silence between them was extremely awkward.
Instead of starting the car, Matthew sat there silently.
Stella remained quiet, waiting for him to start it, but not daring to speak.
She was about to finally say something when Matthew suddenly leaned closer to her.
Not expecting his sudden move, Stella jerked backwards.
Her heart began to thump rapidly.
She swallowed the lump in her throat.
“Mr.
Clark? What’re you doing?”
Matthew was taken aback by her sudden outburst.
He wasn’t expecting her to react like that.
He Lowered his gaze, feeling his heart clench again in loss.
“Your seatbelt,” he said lightly, barely audible.
Stella realized she had overreacted.
Her cheeks turned bright red.
“Oh… Uh… I can do it by myself.
”
She quickly fastened her seat belt.
Matthew leaned back and finally started the car, acting like nothing had just happened.
Watching the surroundings pass by as the car began to move, Stella felt slightly at ease.
Matthew stole a quick glance at Stella as he drove and asked, “So, how is the preparation for the design competition going?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The awkward silence was finally broken, making Stella relax in her seat.
“Well, I’m almost done with the sketches.
I’ll be able to make a sample once I finish putting in the details.
”
A small smile played on his lips.
“You are very hardworking.
” He seemed satisfied.
Stella smiled sheepishly.
“I’m just able to draw well when I have some sort of inspiration.
The competition is right around the corner, and I don’t want poor results.
”
Matthew nodded.
###chapter360
A few seconds passed before he finally spoke up again.
“It seems you like to design a lot.
Did you study it?”
Stella’s smile grew wider as she talked about what she liked.
“I’ve always liked it, ever since I was a kid…”
Matthew wanted to keep getting to know her but paused when he saw the road blocked.
He hit the brakes.
Stella saw it too.
“I’ll go check it out, Mr.
Clark.
”
She was about to get out of the car when Matthew’s deep voice stopped her.
“Just wait here in the car, I’ll be back.
”
He opened his door and got out, shutting the door behind him.
Stella was shocked.
She sat back in her seat and looked out the car.
It was dark out already.
The car light made his shadow look excessively long.
He calmly spoke to the staff present there.
Stella looked away, sucking her bottom lip into her mouth.
Some minutes passed and the door finally opened again.
“We can’t leave because there’s a landslide up ahead,” Matthew stated as he calmly got into the car.
“Did the staff tell you how long we’re going to have to wait?”
Stella asked, growing worried.
“They don’t know yet,” Matthew responded.
Stella looked back.
Cars had piled up behind them, so their chances of turning back were gone.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew noticed that she was beginning to panic and tried to ease her stress.
“I’m sure they’ll be done soon.
We’ll just have to wait for a while.
”
They had no other choice.
Stella nodded in agreement.
The car grew silent once more.
###chapter361
Stella had never been alone in such a cramped place with a man before.
And it was extra weird because the man in question was her boss.
She stared to grow very nervous.
She decided to distract herself with her phone but saw that her battery was low.
She wasn’t sure how long they’d be here, so it definitely would be a bad idea to run her battery out completely.
Stella put her phone away in defeat.
Matthew noticed how restless she was being and suggested, “Would you like to take a walk around? It seems we’re going to be here a while.
”
Stella was stunned for the millionth time today.
“The stars are really pretty, we could check them out.
”
With that, Matthew got out of the car.
After a moment of hesitation, Stella finally joined him.
It wasn’t a bad idea, and besides, staying in the car was so boring.
She treaded carefully towards where Matthew was standing.
She looked at the sky, millions of stars were scattered all around.
The night was bright and beautiful.
Matthew stared at her deeply.
She was too focused on the stars to notice his gaze; a soft smile was on her face as she stared up.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew was in awe.
Everything about her was captivating.
They were close.
He could smell the fragrance of her hair.
Matthew was star-struck.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Suddenly, Stella whispered, “I miss my parents so much.
”
Matthew gazed at Stella, his eyes wide with astonishment.
It was the first time she had mentioned her family to him.
Matthew was both taken aback and unsure of how to react.
He recollected that Stella’s marriage had been arranged by her grandfather, and he had never heard his grandmother mention her parents.
After a prolonged silence, Matthew inquired hesitantly, “Aren’t your parents with you?”
Stella shook her head and replied, “No.
”
###chapter362
She raised her eyes to the night sky, her voice carrying a hint of melancholy as she continued, “I’m an orphan.
I was placed in a welfare home at a very young age and later adopted by my grandfather.
”
Matthew was shocked to his core.
He had never fathomed that Stella had such a tumultuous background.
Just as he was about to offer her some words of comfort, her carefree laughter filled the air.
“But my grandpa has always treated me well.
I’m content.
” Stella gazed at the star-studded night sky and smiled.
The two fell into a contemplative silence once more.
Soon, Stella realized that she might have divulged too much.
She turned to Matthew, her eyes filled with regret.
“I’m sorry.
I might have gotten carried away and shared things I shouldn’t have.
”
“It’s alright.
We’re not at work right now.
You can share anything you want.
No need to be overly cautious,” Matthew reassured her.
Stella nodded but decided not to delve deeper into the topic.
Instead, she lifted her head.
Matthew, observing her from the corner of his eye, wore a more enigmatic expression.
He had never met his father since he was a child.
He had once believed that his father had abandoned him and his mother.
Not for a moment had he missed that man.
Each time he saw his mother struggling to run the household on her own, his resentment towards that man deepened.
However, did Stella’s words imply that she still longed for her parents, despite their abandonment?
Matthew was lost in thought.
She raised her eyes to the night sky, her voice carrying a hint of melancholy as she continued, “I’m an orphan.
I was placed in a welfare home at a very young age and later adopted by my grandfather.
”
Matthew was shocked to his core.
He had never fathomed that Stella had such a tumultuous background.
Just as he was about to offer her some words of comfort, her carefree laughter filled the air.
“But my grandpa has always treated me well.
I’m content.
” Stella gazed at the star-studded night sky and smiled.
The two fell into a contemplative silence once more.
Soon, Stella realized that she might have divulged too much.
She turned to Matthew, her eyes filled with regret.
“I’m sorry.
I might have gotten carried away and shared things I shouldn’t have.
”
“It’s alright.
We’re not at work right now.
You can share anything you want.
No need to be overly cautious,” Matthew reassured her.
Stella nodded but decided not to delve deeper into the topic.
Instead, she lifted her head.
BunnyBookery
Matthew, observing her from the corner of his eye, wore a more enigmatic expression.
He had never met his father since he was a child.
He had once believed that his father had abandoned him and his mother.
Not for a moment had he missed that man.
Each time he saw his mother struggling to run the household on her own, his resentment towards that man deepened.
However, did Stella’s words imply that she still longed for her parents, despite their abandonment?
Matthew was lost in thought.
When he married Stella, his grandmother only revealed that Stella was a member of the Anderson family, without divulging any further information.
He had previously assumed that Stella came from a happy family.
But it appeared that her past had been far more turbulent.
Both he and Stella were essentially found halfway along their life journeys.
As Matthew mulled over these revelations, his heart ached for her.
He might still have a blood connection to the Clark family, but only his grandparents genuinely embraced him as a member of the family.
What about Stella?
When he married Stella, his grandmother only revealed that Stella was a member of the Anderson family, without divulging any further information.
He had previously assumed that Stella came from a happy family.
But it appeared that her past had been far more turbulent.
Both he and Stella were essentially found halfway along their life journeys.
As Matthew mulled over these revelations, his heart ached for her.
He might still have a blood connection to the Clark family, but only his grandparents genuinely embraced him as a member of the family.
What about Stella?
###chapter363
Had she truly been as content as she claimed during her years with the Anderson family?
Suddenly, he recollected the incident when Aziel had nearly assaulted Stella during his time in Bysea.
His expression darkened.
Matthew clenched his fists.
No matter what Stella’s life had been before, now that she was his wife, he would never allow her to be harmed in any way.
He would protect her always.
The wind began to pick up, and Stella, dressed in a light dress, looked vulnerable.
She wrapped her arms around herself, rubbing her hands together to stave off the chill.
At that moment, she felt the weight of a jacket on her shoulders.
Matthew removed his suit jacket and dr@ped it over her.
Stella froze, her eyes fixed on him in bewilderment.
Matthew murmured softly, “The temperature in the mountains can vary significantly between day and night.
You should be careful not to catch a cold.
”
Stella’s heart trembled.
She attempted to decline, feigning composure.
“You’re the backbone of Prosperity Group.
It would be detrimental if you fell ill.
”
With that, she removed the jacket and offered it back to Matthew.
“I’ve been standing for quite some time, and I’m tired.
Let’s return to the car.
”
Having spoken her piece, she headed back to the car.
Matthew glanced down at the jacket in his hand, lost in thought for a moment, before turning to follow her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Seated back in the driver’s seat, he suggested, “The road ahead is still being cleared.
If you’re feeling tired, you can rest for a while.
I’ll wake you when we reach Prosper Bay.
”
“I’ll take a nap.
You can wake me once the road is clear, and I’ll drive.
”
She averted her gaze from Matthew, worried that he would discern the evasion in her eyes.
“Very well,” Matthew replied in a hushed tone.
Perhaps Stella was genuinely fatigued or subconsciously sought to evade Matthew.
She closed her eyes briefly and soon drifted into slumber.
Listening to the sound of her steady breathing, Matthew shifted his attention.
###chapter364
To prevent the car from becoming stuffy, he lowered the window, allowing the cool night breeze to enter slowly.
As he gazed at the slumbering woman, he dr@ped his suit jacket over her to ensure she remained warm.
He adjusted her seat to a more comfortable recline.
Stella stirred, her face now turned towards him.
Matthew watched her sleep like a vulnerable kitten, his heart inexplicably moved.
In his lifetime, he had only ever harbored overt affection for Stella.
‘s BunnyBookery
The morning sun spilled its golden rays into the car, gently waking Stella from her slumber.
As she blinked open her eyes, she found herself in an unfamiliar setting.
Startled, she attempted to sit up, but a soft yet solid support behind her head halted her movement.
Turning around, her breath caught in her throat as she made a startling discovery.
Matthew was asleep beside her!
She had unknowingly rested her head on his arm.
Stella quickly sat up, causing the coat dr@ped over her to slip off her shoulders.
Her mind raced as the events of the previous night flooded back.
She recalled Matthew suggesting she take a short nap while he remained awake to monitor the situation.
Little did she expect to sleep through the night.
Glancing out of the car, she realized they were no longer in the same location as last night.
She took a deep breath to calm herself.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew was still deep in slumber, his side profile captivating in its beauty.
His jawline was chiseled, his nose bridge prominent, and his eyebrows sharply defined.
Even in repose, he resembled a hero from a comic book.
He wore nothing but a white shirt, with three buttons casually undone, revealing the contours of his chest.
Stella couldn’t help but gaze at him in silent awe, her heart racing and cheeks flushed.
Unbeknownst to her, Matthew had already awakened.
One of the first lessons he had learned in the Clark family was the vigilance expected of an heir to a business empire.
Therefore, when Stella stirred, his own vigilance kicked in, rousing him from his slumber.
However, he didn’t wish to disturb the serenity of the morning.
###chapter365
Judging it was an appropriate time, Matthew reluctantly opened his eyes.
Their gazes met.
Startled, Stella averted her eyes in panic, while Matthew remained composed.
“Good morning, Mr.
Clark.
” Stella greeted him awkwardly.
In an orderly fashion, Matthew explained the events of the previous night.
“Shortly after you fell asleep, the road was cleared.
Since you were sleeping soundly, I didn’t want to wake you.
I decided to drive straight to Prosper Bay…”
Pausing for a moment, he continued, “I intended to take you home once you woke up, but I, too, ended up falling asleep.
”
Matthew’s explanation sounded logical, but Stella sensed something was amiss.
She handed his coat back to him and expressed her gratitude.
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
I’ll head home now.
”
As she reached for the car door handle, Matthew halted her.
“You don’t need to go to work today.
Take the day off and rest at home.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella hesitated.
She composed herself and declined coolly.
“No, I’m fine.
I have no reason to take a day off.
”
Matthew furrowed his brow, a hint of sadness seeping into his voice as he felt her distancing herself from him.
In a soft, husky tone, he provided a rational justification.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“You should work on your design drafts at home today.
If you can produce an excellent piece, it will greatly benefit Prosperity Group.
”
The reasoning was sound, and Stella didn’t refuse this time.
She thanked him softly and stepped out of the car.
As she made her way home, regret gnawed at her.
She had genuinely fallen asleep last night, spending the entire night sleeping in the car alongside her boss.
She hadn’t been vigilant at all.
Stella chided herself as she arrived home.
Miley rushed up to her, grabbing her arm and surveying her from head to toe.
“Where were you last night? I didn’t see you in your room earlier.
###chapter366
I was about to call the police.
” Miley spoke with a note of panic.
Stella averted her gaze.
She fabricated a casual lie.
“On my way back last night, I encountered a landslide.
I found a nearby hotel in Fairwa and spent the night there.
”
“Why couldn’t I reach you on the phone then?”
Stella retrieved her phone and attempted to power it on, but the screen remained black.
“It ran out of battery.
”
“You frightened me!” Miley admonished her with concern.
“From now on, always carry a power bank with you when you go out.
Don’t make it impossible for me to reach you.
”
Stella nodded obediently, refraining from offering any retorts.
After exchanging a few more words with her, Miley headed to work.
Following breakfast, Stella began working on her designs.
Once the initial draft was completed, she meticulously marked the required materials and then proceeded to refine the design on her drawing board.
Since Matthew had suggested she take a day off to work from home, she was determined to complete the task as swiftly as possible.
Stella finally finished the final sample drawing by evening.
She stretched her weary body.
At that moment, her phone buzzed, signaling a new message from Maverick.
He inquired, “What are you doing right now?”
Stella glanced at the message on her phone and knit her brows in mild perplexity.
Over the past few days, Maverick had been inquiring about her activities at odd intervals, leaving her increasingly baffled by the man’s intentions.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With her design sketches spread out across the table, Stella responded succinctly, “I’m preparing for the design competition.
”
She selected a sketch from her collection and forwarded it to him before placing her phone aside to focus on her work.
She half-expected that Maverick would cease his correspondence once he knew she was preoccupied.
However, her phone buzzed again shortly thereafter.
###chapter367
When she saw Maverick’s message yet again, a trace of impatience crossed her features.
Engaging in mundane conversations with Maverick held little appeal for her.
Stella tapped on the message, and her annoyance gave way to surprise as she read the content.
“I think you can reduce the size of the sole pearl button on your dress,” Maverick suggested, along with the pearl button’s approximate dimension.
Stella found herself slightly skeptical, but she obliged and made the adjustment.
When she examined the updated rendering, she was genuinely taken aback.
Initially, she had sensed something amiss with the design’s overall aesthetic, but her efforts to rectify it proved fruitless.
Little did she expect that Maverick would pinpoint the issue.
Stella’s curiosity about Maverick grew.
She had always considered him an ordinary businessman, but his insight into design had caught her off guard.
After a moment’s contemplation, she sent a grateful message to Maverick, saying, “I’ve made the changes according to your suggestion, and it looks much better now.
Thank you.
”
“You’re welcome.
The competition hasn’t commenced yet.
Be cautious about sharing your design sketches to avoid any leaks,” Maverick advised.
Stella realized she had been thoughtless and acknowledged her oversight.
She then asked, “Would you be able to attend my design competition on the day of the event?”
Her message lingered unanswered for an extended period before Maverick’s response arrived.
His reply, however, was rather ambiguous.
“I’ll do my best.
”
Stella felt a pang of annoyance.
Whenever the prospect of meeting in person arose, Maverick found a way to evade it.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She decided to adopt a more assertive approach and texted him.
“I want to see you at the dinner party before the competition next weekend.
”
Time ticked by, but Stella received no reply from Maverick.
She stared at her phone for a while, a derisive smile forming on her lips.
He was evading her once again.
Having interacted with Maverick to this extent, Stella had discerned a pattern in his behavior.
However, she didn’t dwell on the matter for long.
She swiftly regained her focus and resumed work on her designs.
Once her design sketches were finalized, the next step was to locate a sample machinist.
###chapter368
Previously, Miley had assisted her in finding a suitable sample machinist, but this time, the individual was unavailable.
Stella urgently needed to identify a replacement.
After much contemplation, Stella made a decision: she would seek assistance from Matthew.
Prosperity Group boasted a vast network and employed top-tier sample machinists and pattern makers.
Their expertise could guarantee that her dress would be meticulously crafted.
The competition loomed, and Stella was determined to leave no room for error at any stage.
With her mind made up, Stella approached Matthew for assistance.
On the following day, Stella visited Matthew’s office, her request brimming with trepidation.
“Mr.
Clark, I was hoping to use the sample machinist and pattern maker at Prosperity Group for my designs.
”
Matthew appeared taken aback by her request.
He hadn’t anticipated Stella approaching him.
Nevertheless, he was prepared to grant her request, but Stella added, “In return, Prosperity Group has the unconditional right to utilize any designs I contribute to the competition.
These designs can be produced as clothing items or used for celebrity appearances, film, and other promotional endeavors.
”
With her terms laid out, Stella watched Matthew carefully, fully aware that this matter was personal in nature, and she wasn’t certain how he would respond.
“Alright, I agree.
” Matthew’s response was swift.
Stella was taken aback.
“Thank you, sir.
I’ll do my utmost to ensure that I don’t bring any embarrassment to Prosperity Group and that my designs are executed to perfection.
”
Matthew gazed at her and assured, “Your designs are exceptional.
You needn’t worry.
”
However, his comment piqued Stella’s curiosity.
She had only shared her design with Maverick, so how was it that Matthew appeared so well-acquainted with her work?
Stella pursed her lips, fixed her gaze on Matthew, and inquired, “You haven’t seen my design.
How can you be so confident that it’s exceptional?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew felt his grip tighten on the edge of his desk as Stella’s inquiry brought to light his unintentional revelation.
His earlier excitement had blinded him to the fact that he had seen Stella’s design through Maverick.
Clearing his throat, Matthew crafted an excuse.
“I’ve seen your work before.
You have great talent.
I believe the design you’re working on now will be exceptional.
”
His words managed to dispel Stella’s suspicions entirely.
She chided herself for overthinking things and blushed slightly.
In a modest tone, she responded, “Mr.
Clark, you’re too kind.
I’m still in the learning stage, but I’ll do my best.
”
###chapter369
Matthew nodded approvingly.
“Hand over your design sketches to the clothing department.
They’ll take it from there.
”
“Alright, I won’t keep you any Longer,” Stella replied.
After leaving Matthew’s office, Stella delivered her design to the clothing department and returned to her office desk to resume her work.
As the workday neared its end, she received a call from the clothing department requesting her presence to collect the sample.
Perplexed, Stella asked, “Do I need to pick them up right now?”
“Yes.
”
Hearing this positive answer, Stella still couldn’t believe it.
She had assumed that it would take a couple of days to prepare the sample, but they were ready within the same afternoon.
Prosperity Group’s efficiency truly exceeded her expectations.
She sighed in amazement and agreed, “I’ll be there shortly.
”
After hanging up, she promptly headed to the clothing department.
There, Alban Watson, a colleague from the department, had already placed the dress in a dust-proof bag, which he handed over to Stella.
“Please inspect it, and if you notice any issues, we’ll make the necessary adjustments.
”
Alban’s helpful demeanor warmed Stella’s heart.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She carefully examined the dress.
“Everything seems to be in order.
The craftsmanship is impeccable.
Thank you.
”
After exchanging a few pleasantries with him, Stella left with the sample.
Once she had departed, Docie arrived on the scene.
She tapped her fingers impatiently on the table and tilted her chin upward.
“Alban, fetch the sample I requested.
”
“Well… I’ll give it to you tomorrow.
” Alban Looked guilty.
“What is it?” Docie frowned, growing impatient.
###chapter370
“When I asked you to give it to me yesterday, you said that you could give it to me today.
”
Alban lowered his voice and explained, “Mr.
Clark assigned us a sudden task today, instructing us to prioritize it.
I’m truly sorry.
”
“Mr.
Clark?” Docie’s frown deepened.
“Since when has he become a fashion designer himself?”
“It’s not Mr.
Clark, but his personal PR officer, Stella,” Alban clarified.
“He instructed us to prioritize her sample.
”
Docie’s expression darkened.
During Donn’s art exhibition, Stella had managed to outshine her in front of Matthew.
Now, to make matters worse, even the clothing department was prioritizing Stella over her.
With Matthew’s support, it felt as if Stella could waltz into the design department’s affairs without restraint.
Did Stella aspire to replace her as the design department’s director next?
As Docie ruminated on these thoughts, her anger grew.
Realizing how angry she looked, Alban grew even more nervous and quickly made up an excuse to leave.
“I have work to do now.
I will definitely have your sample ready tomorrow.
”
Without giving Docie a chance to respond, he quickly rushed out and went to the workroom.
Realizing that there was no outlet to vent out her anger on, Docie had no choice but to hold it back.
With a long face, she turned to leave.
While passing the workroom, she heard several voices inside.
Unable to stop herself from eavesdropping, she heard that the people inside were talking about Stella.
“Stella’s design is very professional.
If I hadn’t known that she is a PR officer, I would have thought that she worked in the design department.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Someone immediately raised an ion.
“Stella’s design is much better than that of the people in the design department.
I dare say that the director of the design department is not even comparable to her.
”
After that, Docie was unable to hear the rest.
However, everything she just heard was enough to fuel her anger even more as she found herself clenching her fists.
“Stella, just wait and see!”
Unaware of Docie’s thoughts, Stella continued with her day.
###chapter371
After work, she took the sample home.
On the way, she phoned Flossie to arrange a fitting.
They stopped at Prosper Bay before heading home.
Stella led Flossie to her bedroom and said, “Give me a moment to iron the dress.
You can try it on shortly.
”
Despite her efforts to protect the dress on the way home, it still developed a few wrinkles.
Flossie nodded, replying, “Alright.
”
As Stella set to ironing the dress, Flossie surveyed the room idly.
Her gaze soon fell upon a design sketch hanging on the wall.
Flossie stepped forward, and Stella happened to take the dress over.
“Try it on first…”
Before Stella could finish her words, she was interrupted.
Moving closer, Flossie pointed at the sketch and inquired in amazement, “Do you know Tobin?”
Stella shook her head, denying, “No, I don’t know Tobin.
I just attended an art exhibition once, and something unexpected happened.
As an apology, the staff gave attendees gifts.
”
“It’s impossible.
” Flossie’s voice held certainty.
Stella was puzzled, for that day had indeed unfolded as she described.
“Why is it impossible?” she inquired, smiling.
“Tobin treasures his designs greatly.
He only shares them with important people.
” Flossie spoke earnestly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The name on the design sketch left no room for doubt.
“You know Tobin that well?” Stella questioned in amazement.
As Flossie looked at the design draft, her eyes gleamed with admiration.
“I chose to work in the modeling industry because of Tobin.
I hope to wear his designs one day.
”
Stella had never seen such a look of reverence on Flossie’s face before.
She commented gently, “It seems that Tobin means a lot to you.
”
Flossie nodded, her enthusiasm shining through.
###chapter372
“He’s courageous and passionate, just like his brilliant designs.
He appears aloof but is truly dedicated.
”
The more she spoke, the more animated she became.
Her eyes sparkled as she continued, “If I ever meet him again, I want him to know how much I admire him.
”
Flossie’s admiration was palpable.
Stella was surprised.
“Have you met him before?”
Tobin was a renowned figure in the design world, yet no one had ever glimpsed him in person, and the media had never secured an interview with him.
He remained a mysterious figure.
“Yes,” Flossie confirmed, though a hint of disappointment tinged her voice.
“But only once.
”
She recounted the memory, saying regretfully, “He was sketching on the street, and I happened to pass by.
When a thief snatched my bag, Tobin chased him down without a word and retrieved it for me.
”
As she shared the story, Flossie sighed in regret.
“But I was too flustered at the time.
By the time I realized I should thank him, he had vanished in a hurry.
I haven’t seen him since.
Occasionally, I stumble upon one or two of his public design sketches.
He’s so enigmatic.
Even when he participates in design competitions, he never shows up.
”
Stella Listened to Flossie’s tale with growing curiosity.
Flossie sighed.
“I don’t know if I can see him in the KlassicLuxe competition.
”
Stella raised her head and looked at the design draft.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Flossie’s story begged the question: Why had Tobin sent her one of his design sketches?
She hadn’t crossed paths with Tobin at that art exhibition.
The more Stella pondered, the more peculiar the situation seemed.
Her curiosity about Tobin deepened.
The two decided to move on from the topic.
Stella asked Flossie to try on the dress.
Ten minutes later, Flossie emerged from the room.
Stella couldn’t help but be impressed.
Flossie had styled her hair elegantly, with a few curls framing her face.
The form-fitting dress accentuated her curves, and her matching red lipstick added a mature and alluring touch.
###chapter373
Despite her apparent confidence, Flossie appeared slightly anxious, especially in the face of Stella’s silence.
She asked hesitantly, “Is it alright?”
Stella clapped her hands approvingly, as though she were applauding a masterpiece.
“Very good, but there are a few minor adjustments needed at the waist.
”
Flossie breathed a sigh of relief.
Glancing at her watch, Stella commented, “It’s getting late.
You should head back now.
Get plenty of rest and prepare yourself for the competition in the best possible condition.
”
“Alright.
” Flossie offered a faint smile.
At the same time, Matthew was at the KlassicLuxe headquarters.
KlassicLuxe had been established by him under the pseudonym Tobin.
The staff were briefing him on the preparations for the upcoming competition.
“Currently, the designers for the finals have been paired with their models.
The pre-competition dinner is scheduled like this…”
As he absorbed all the details, Matthew couldn’t help but think of the message Stella had sent earlier that day.
Lowering his gaze, he fell into deep contemplation.
“Any further suggestions, sir?”
Matthew took the document and made alterations to the original dinner plan.
He handed it back, saying, “The dinner arrangements will proceed according to the revised plan.
”
Now, it was time for him to “meet” Stella.
On the day before KlassicLuxe’s dinner party, Stella was preparing to head to work when she received a message from Maverick.
“I’ll attend the dinner party, but I can only stay for a while,” his message read.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella paused for a moment before quickly responding, “That’s okay.
I’m looking forward to meeting you and having a chat.
”
After sending her reply, she awaited his response, but none came.
Stella pocketed her phone with a sense of relief.
The prospect of finally discussing the divorce matter with Maverick in person eased her tension.
Heading downstairs, she encountered Miley, who seemed quite rushed.
“Why the early morning rush?” Stella asked playfully, her spirits high.
Taking a deep breath, Miley replied, “KlassicLuxe just notified us that tomorrow’s dinner party has been transformed into a masked ball.
###chapter374
Be prepared.
”
Stella raised an eyebrow in confusion.
“It’s just a dinner party.
Why all the fuss?”
Miley contemplated for a moment.
“Perhaps they want the judges to evaluate based solely on the clothing.
People are inherently visual creatures.
When they see beautiful models, they may subconsciously want to award higher marks.
”
Trying to reassure Stella, Miley added, “It’s not a big deal; all we need is to wear masks.
It’s not too challenging.
”
“I’ll prepare thoroughly and aim for a high score.
” Stella nodded in agreement.
Miley offered her encouragement.
“I believe in you.
By the way, should I find you a partner from my company?”
Shaking her head, Stella replied softly, “Maverick will be attending as well.
”
“Did he promise?” Miley questioned, clearly surprised.
Stella nodded affirmatively.
“He sent me a message to confirm.
”
Miley offered a shrug.
“Let’s hope he keeps his word this time and doesn’t stand you up again.
”
Stella remained silent.
She had noticed changes in Maverick recently, and she hoped he would fulfill his promise this time.
Upon arriving at her workplace, Stella was promptly summoned by Matthew to attend a meeting in the design department.
Although she was puzzled by the request, she didn’t dare to question it as it was a directive from Matthew himself.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Inside the meeting room, Docie, looking somewhat displeased, was already preparing for the meeting.
Her expression soured upon seeing Stella accompanied by Matthew.
How could someone from the public relations department be attending a design department meeting?
Recalling the incident when Matthew had instructed Alban to prioritize Stella’s matter, Docie felt even more aggrieved.
Suppressing her anger in Matthew’s presence, Docie went on with the meeting.
###chapter375
The discussion revolved around designing an outfit for Shane, who was to attend an award ceremony.
The aim was to further promote Prosperity Group’s clothing project and expand its industrial portfolio.
After presenting the initial design, Docie looked to Matthew for his input.
Following a few moments of silence, Matthew redirected the question to Stella, asking for her thoughts.
“What do you think, Stella?”
Docie’s smile froze, and her grip on her pen tightened.
She glared with contempt, her disdain for this turn of events evident.
First, Matthew allowed Stella, a layperson, to provide input on the Donn’s art exhibition invitation card design.
Now, he was seeking her advice on Shane’s award ceremony suit.
Did he not take her role as design director seriously?
Stella, who had been taking minutes quietly, found herself in the spotlight.
She paused for a moment, gathered her thoughts, and then replied, “The design of this suit is nearly perfect, but given Shane’s tall and robust physique, I suggest we create a unique oval-shaped seam connecting the shoulders and sleeves.
This will give Shane a more commanding shoulder line, making a stronger impression at the award ceremony.
”
Stella’s words hung in the air, and the meeting room was hushed.
She could almost hear her own heartbeat as she nervously glanced at.
Matthew, who revealed no discernible emotion.
His thoughts were inscrutable.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Docie, wearing a smug smile, was about to interject when Matthew spoke up.
“Stella’s suggestion is excellent.
Docie, have the design department implement Stella’s idea as soon as possible.
”
Docie gritted her teeth and attempted to voice her ions, but Matthew’s unwavering gaze silenced her.
She begrudgingly replied, “Understood, Mr.
Clark.
”
After the meeting, the bustling crowd dissipated from the conference room, leaving only Stella and Matthew behind.
In the ensuing quietude, Matthew broke the silence.
“Stella.
”
Startled by the unexpected address, Stella replied, her voice a touch apprehensive, “Mr.
Clark, what’s the matter?”
Matthew noticed her nervousness and endeavored to ease her anxiety.
“I’d Like to hear your thoughts on Prosperity Group’s clothing project development.
”
Stella’s eyes widened in surprise at the inquiry.
“My opinion?”
###chapter376
Matthew nodded.
“This is just a casual conversation.
Speak your mind freely; there’s no need to worry about making mistakes.
”
Reluctantly, Stella began to articulate her viewpoint.
“Mr.
Clark, if you intend to propel Prosperity Group into the clothing industry, you must secure the services of a highly skilled designer.
”
She observe Matthew’s expression carefully Matthew said, “Go on”
Stella continued, “From my perspective, while Prosperity Group already has a design department, the workload placed upon each designer is extensive.
To truly establish Prosperity Group’s brand within the clothing industry, you require a seasoned designer to steer the ship.
By fostering our own brand, we can attract a more diverse audience, drawing attention not solely due to our potent advertising sector.
With a well-appointed leader, Prosperity Group’s clothing endeavors can flourish rapidly, leveraging its existing mature clothing design ecosystem.
”
Matthew nodded in agreement, his eyes reflecting his approval.
Stella’s insights resonated with his own vision.
“You’re absolutely right.
I have someone in mind who fits the bill perfectly.
I will endeavor to secure her services in the near future.
”
Stella returned his smile with one of her own.
“As long as you take action, Mr.
Clark, I’m certain you’ll attract exceptional talent to the company.
”
Matthew’s gaze held a deeper meaning, and he opted not to respond.
Before departing from work, Stella made her way to the clothing department to collect her dress, ready for the evening’s event.
Upon arriving home, she retrieved the dress once more, scrutinizing it meticulously for any flaws.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The dress she designed for herself was a resplendent claret shade, distinct from the one she crafted for Flossie.
Flossie was taller than her, and a long dress could set off her temperament .
Stella’s dress was a knee-length ensemble, tailored to accentuate her slender legs.
The fabric, crafted from lustrous taffeta, shimmered enchantingly under the subdued lighting of the impending banquet.
With the lights dimmed, Stella surveyed the dress’s effect, a contented smile gracing her features.
Turning the lights back up, she carefully placed the dress aside before reclining on her bed.
Designing this dress had consumed her thoughts, optimizing its attributes while circumventing its limitations to suit her own attributes.
Her aspiration was to stand out amongst the crowd, bolstering her presence and securing a favorable outcome.
###chapter377
After lying there for a while, Stella’s thoughts turned to Maverick’s attendance at the forthcoming event.
Gazing at her meticulously designed dress, she considered her next move and decided to send Maverick a message.
In her message, she meticulously described the dress’s style and color, concluding with a request.
“I hope you’ll don a black suit.
”
This would complement her red dress splendidly.
“Sure.
See you tomorrow night,” Maverick swiftly responded.
With Maverick’s assurance, Stella could finally relax.
She settled into bed, eager for the upcoming dinner party tomorrow.
The following evening at seven o’clock, Miley steered her car towards the hotel, where Stella was due to attend the event.
“Stella, if you run into any issues, don’t hesitate to call me.
”
She had pressing matters to attend to at the company and couldn’t remain here.
“Don’t worry.
Carry on with your work.
It’s just a competition, nothing to worry about,” Stella reassured her as she unfastened her seatbelt.
Peering out of the car, Miley inquired, “Where’s Maverick? Did he mention when he’d arrive?”
Stella shook her head.
“I haven’t seen him yet, but I reached out to him last night.
Judging by his tone, I don’t believe he’ll break his promise again.
”
“I hope so,” Miley muttered, her tone less than friendly.
“If he lets you down once more, you shouldn’t forgive him no matter what gifts he gives you.
”
Stella offered a wry smile.
“Alright, get on with your work.
I‘UL head inside.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With that, she swung the door open and stepped towards the entrance.
The wine-red dress she wore drew immediate attention with its vibrant and flamboyant hue.
The dress featured a simple and elegant design, strapless to showcase Stella’s delicate clavicle.
A beautiful and retro V-neck framed her graceful and slender neck, akin to that of a noble swan.
With her hair coiled up, a few loose, curly strands hung on either side of her face.
Stella held a black woven angel mask, concealing the upper half of her visage.
###chapter378
The visual juxtaposition of red and black captivated onlookers, their curiosity about the woman behind the mask growing with every glance.
The exposed red lips and the perfect jawline were captivating.
Whispers of admiration filled the air.
“Who is she? She’s so stunning!”
“Did she design the dress herself? It complements her aura.
”
“She must hail from a wealthy family, but I’ve never seen her before.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella responded with polite smiles to the compliments swirling around her.
As she reached for her phone to contact Maverick, a familiar, sharp voice emanated from behind.
“Stella!”
Hearing her name, Stella turned to find Zola striding towards her.
She frowned, recalling that Zola had mentioned making it to the second round of the KlassicLuxe design competition.
What a twist of fate to encounter an adversary!
Zola approached Stella, her demeanor exuding arrogance as she sneered.
“I didn’t expect you to attend the KlassicLuxe dinner party.
Why are you alone this time? Where’s your husband?”
Their last encounter ended in humiliation for Zola.
The memory of that defeat still stung.
Thus, upon spotting Stella exiting the car earlier, Zola hoped to discern who Stella’s husband might be.
To her surprise, Stella stood alone once again, a fact that fueled her envy.
She followed her, only to find that everyone’s attention was focused on Stella, which made her even more jealous.
“We met briefly Last time.
Reconnecting tonight must be fate.
Are you so miserly that you won’t introduce your husband to me?” Zola’s voice dripped with disdain, her eyes radiating hostility.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Unwilling to engage in a confrontation on such an important occasion, Stella averted her gaze and replied calmly, “I’ll head inside first.
”
But Zola blocked her path.
“Why are you in such a hurry? Do you know what kind of event this is? It’s KlassicLuxe’s dinner party! Do you even have an invitation?”
Stella could discern the condescension and mockery in Zola’s tone and understood that Zola was attempting to belittle her at every opportunity.
But now they were still at the gate of the hotel.
She didn’t want to lose face with Zola.
###chapter379
As Stella contemplated her response, a familiar Rolls-Royce pulled up before them.
From the car emerged a tall, impeccably dressed figure.
The man in a well cut dark blue suit walked over unhurriedly.
He was a man of stature, with long legs, a straight nose, and thin lips-a visage sculpted to perfection.
His aura exuded nobility and a hint of aloofness.
Zola was dumbstruck, especially when she noticed him approaching.
She felt her heart race with anxiety, her fists clenching as her chest heaved with rapid breaths.
Eager to approach, Zola lifted her foot, but the man brushed past her, proceeding straight towards Stella.
Zola froze in place, disarmed by the unexpected turn of events.
Before she could react, she overheard the man’s velvety voice, tinged with a trace of amusement, as he inquired, “I’m a bit late.
Why haven’t you gone inside?”
Zola whirled around, only to witness Stella tightly clutching the man’s arm, their interaction intimate and provocative.
Ignoring Zola’s piercing stare, Stella whispered to Matthew, “I was accosted by someone insignificant.
Let’s go inside now.
”
Zola’s grip on her dress tightened, her anger boiling over.
“Stella, aren’t you going to introduce him to me?” she hissed through gritted teeth.
Stella merely pursed her lips and responded, “You may not be qualified.
Furthermore, I forgot to mention that I’m one of the ten KlassicLuxe competition finalists.
I’m absolutely qualified to be here.
”
With that declaration, she held Matthew’s arm and strolled into the hotel, leaving Zola behind seething with jealousy.
Standing alone in the aftermath, Zola struggled to contain her rage, her features twisted in a venomous scowl.
As they stepped into the hotel, Stella discreetly distanced herself from Matthew, releasing his arm.
Matthew felt a hint of disappointment but maintained a facade of ease as he dropped his hand.
Stella, feeling a touch awkward, apologized in a hushed tone, “I’m sorry, Mr.
Clark.
That woman earlier was quite persistent.
I grabbed your arm in haste.
I hope it didn’t cause any trouble.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Not at all,” Matthew, maintaining his composure, replied nonchalantly.
“I wouldn’t want you to face any difficulties.
Remember, you’re my private PR officer, and your image reflects that of Prosperity Group.
”
Stella, relieved by his response, glanced at Matthew curiously and asked, “Mr.
Clark, did you not bring your wife with you?”
High-end dinner parties often required the presence of a spouse.
Matthew’s solitary attendance piqued Stella’s curiosity, leading her to wonder if their relationship had yet to improve.
###chapter380
Matthew hadn’t anticipated this question.
He looked away and responded, “She isn’t particularly fond of such occasions.
”
Stella nodded, understanding the situation.
She offered a friendly smile.
“Mr.
Clark, please go ahead and attend to your business.
I’ll wait here for my husband.
”
Just as Matthew was about to reply, Neville approached, casually draping an arm around Matthew’s shoulder.
When he noticed Stella, he raised an eyebrow and quipped, “Stella’s here too.
May I borrow Matthew for a while?”
Stella found herself feeling awkward.
“Go ahead.
” She nodded, making her position clear.
“I’ll wait here for my husband.
”
She disliked the way Neville ambiguously described her relationship with Matthew.
“Husband… Neville playfully continued the jest, but a stern gaze from Matthew silenced him.
Neville shrugged and flashed a smile at Stella.
“We won’t disturb you, then.
See you later.
”
Stella nodded, and as she watched them leave, her tense nerves slowly relaxed.
She adjusted her mask and gracefully entered the banquet halt.
Her entrance immediately captured the attention of all attendees.
Since she arrived alone, many men approached her, extending invitations to dance.
Stella, however, politely declined, saying, “I’m sorry.
I already have a partner.
”
Her eyes scanned the ballroom, hoping to spot a man in a black suit, but her search proved fruitless.
Stella began to feel a sense of disappointment, thinking that perhaps Maverick had yet to arrive.
Suddenly, the lights dimmed, and a bright spotlight illuminated the stage’s center.
A woman in an elegant dress gracefully ascended the stage.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Hello, everyone! Welcome to the KlassicLuxe dinner party…” After her opening speech, the host proceeded to outline the evening’s agenda.
“Next up is the masquerade ball.
Following the ball, the design competition contestants will draw lots to determine the sequence for the formal competition.
”
Following this announcement, over a dozen dancers in splendid attire took the stage, captivating the attention of the attendees.
The masquerade ball was now officially underway.
Yet Stella continued to anxiously search for Maverick, her heart sinking as she failed to find him.
###chapter381
A sense of loss couldn’t help but rise in her heart.
An inviting voice then beckoned her.
“Miss, would you honor me with a dance?”
Stella shook her head and declined.
“I’m sorry.
I’m waiting for someone.
”
The persistent gentleman refused to take no for an answer, asserting, “Your partner hasn’t arrived yet.
You’ve been waiting for quite some time.
He doesn’t seem very gentlemanly.
”
The man’s condescending tone and leering gaze made Stella exceedingly uncomfortable.
She took a step back in frustration, but her heel caught on something, causing her to lose her balance.
Rather than falling, she found herself leaning back into a solid, broad chest.
Stella, still flustered, instinctively tried to push away, only to realize that the man was clad in a black suit.
Her hesitation lingered for a moment before she inquired, “Are you Maverick?”
The man’s deep, resonant voice floated down to her.
“It’s me.
I’m here.
”
Stella raised her gaze to meet Maverick’s.
True to his promise, Maverick donned a black suit and half of his face remained concealed beneath a sleek black mask.
Stella couldn’t quite make out his features, but an uncanny sense of familiarity washed over her.
Before she could unravel this odd feeling, the melody of a piano filled the banquet hall, diverting her attention.
Maverick guided her to the center of the grand stage.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella observed the broad back of the man before her and then focused on their entwined fingers.
Was this enigmatic figure really her husband, the one she’d married a year ago?
It marked the first time he’d taken her hand, yet his actions felt strikingly natural.
Stella felt no embarrassment; instead, it seemed as if they’d known each other for ages.
Amidst her musings and speculations, she found herself led to the dance floor, where she placed her hand on Maverick’s shoulder.
Maverick’s hand settled on Stella’s waist, causing her body to momentarily tense.
A faint unease crept over her.
She lifted her head, and their eyes locked in mid-air.
###chapter382
His gaze held a depth that was both familiar and foreign.
A year had passed since their hasty marriage, and they’d never laid eyes on each other until now.
Stella hadn’t anticipated such an intimate connection upon their first meeting.
“Are you familiar with dancing?” Maverick’s deep and authoritative voice cut through Stella’s thoughts.
His voice was commanding, almost irresistible.
Stella snapped back to reality, nodding.
“Yes, I can waltz.
”
Without further ado, Maverick led Stella into the dance.
Their effortless movements, synchronized steps, and poised demeanor captivated the entire audience.
All eyes were drawn to them.
The couple became the evening’s center of attention.
Stella’s focus remained on Maverick.
She took advantage of this rare encounter to pose a question.
“Why did you wait until the ball to come see me?”
Her hope was to engage in a private conversation with him.
Maverick’s eyes briefly evaded her gaze.
His grip on her waist tightened slightly.
“I apologize.
As I was about to leave, a pressing work matter demanded my attention.
I had no choice.
”
Stella could empathize; she’d often been bothered by last-minute assignments when she was abroad.
She understood that work sometimes took precedence.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She chose not to dwell on this issue further.
After all, Maverick had fulfilled his promise tonight.
Contemplating her next question, Stella inquired, “Can you extend your stay in Seamarsh this time? I have many questions.
”
Her calm voice carried an undertone of expectation.
In fact, Maverick’s recent affectionate gestures had touched her heart.
If they could address their past issues amicably this time, she was willing to salvage their marriage.
“I’m sorry,” Maverick responded.
“My stay in Seamarsh will be brief, and I’ll be leaving for abroad shortly.
I insisted on seeing you tonight because I hoped you might grant me a chance.
”
###chapter383
Stella felt a profound disappointment at the news of his impending departure.
As she was about to respond, the music reached its crescendo.
The spotlight enveloped the duo, with Stella’s form exuding grace.
Her gown swayed in harmony with their dance, while the man’s tall, commanding figure left a profound impression on all the women present.
Their dance appeared seamless to the onlookers, yet their connection lacked the intimacy others perceived.
Stella twirled through her emotions on the dance floor.
On one hand, she comprehended Maverick’s demanding schedule, but on the other, she wished to resolve the issues within their marriage as soon as possible.
Yet, she struggled to find a balance between these two realms.
Tonight was also of immense significance to her.
Lost in her contemplations, she scarcely heard the applause erupting around her.
Her gaze remained fixed on the man standing before her, and she extended her hand towards him.
“Maverick, at the very least, let me catch a glimpse of your face.
”
As Stella extended her hand towards the masked man, the host’s voice resounded through the venue.
“Will the ten contestants please step forward onto the stage to select your number plates? During the competition, the models will showcase the designs in the order determined by their selected number.
”
The significance of the chosen number plate was undeniable, affecting both the order of presentation and the final results.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As the contestants began making their way to the stage, Stella hesitated briefly, but Maverick gently reminded her, “Go ahead and join them.
The judges are waiting.
”
Reluctantly retracting her hand, Stella nodded.
“I’ll be right back.
”
“Go on, you’ve got this.
”
Boosted by his words, Stella swiftly ascended the stage.
She joined the other participants as several judges stood at the forefront of the stage.
The host commenced the introductions.
“Abia Patel, a graduate of Legend Design School.
The design concept behind her evening gown tonight is…”
Matthew, stationed offstage, watched Stella with admiration and delight.
###chapter384
Her taffeta dress might have appeared ordinary, but it exuded a distinct brilliance when bathed in the dim lighting.
Compared to the textures of the other contestants’ garments, Stella’s dress boasted a lustrous and glossy quality that immediately set it apart.
Matthew couldn’t help but smile.
He’d been right about Stella.
Time and time again, she stood out magnificently in his presence.
The stage proceedings continued.
Once each contestant’s introduction concluded, it was time for the lottery draw.
“Now, please approach and draw your number plate.
The number you select will determine the order of your model’s presentation.
Good luck to you all.
” After saying that, the host put ten cards on the table in front of him.
The contestants stepped forward.
Stella felt her nerves creeping in.
Some participants drew numbers joyously, while others seemed apprehensive.
Without wasting a moment, Stella quickly selected a card.
She cautiously opened it, only to breathe a sigh of relief when she spotted the number seven.
Her smile broadened, grateful for her stroke of luck.
If her model appeared too early, the judges would easily forget her design.
If her model appeared too late, the judges would experience visual exhaustion.
The number seven could make the judges more memorable.
Placing her in the middle of the lineup was precisely what she’d hoped for.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella rejoined the others with newfound excitement.
The host’s cheerful voice resumed.
“ALL the contestants have drawn their number plates for the competition.
Wishing you all great success in the formal design competition.
Now, everyone, enjoy the evening.
”
Following the host’s announcement, Stella eagerly descended from the stage.
She was eager to share her good news with Maverick.
However, upon her return to the spot where they’d parted, Maverick was nowhere to be found.
Panic set in as Stella frantically searched for him, but he remained elusive.
Racing backstage, she fished her phone from her purse and dialed Maverick’s number.
###chapter385
As soon as the call connected, Stella questioned anxiously, “Where are you?”
“I apologize.
I intended to bid you farewell in person once you left the stage, but my assistant was pressuring me to leave for the airport.
” Malcolm’s voice brimmed with regret.
“I am truly sorry for our rushed meeting this time.
I’ll make arrangements for our next encounter.
”
Disappointment washed over Stella as she lowered her gaze.
Yet she couldn’t fault Maverick, knowing he had squeezed this meeting into his tight schedule.
“I’m delighted to have seen you tonight.
Your gown suits you splendidly, exuding elegance that perfectly complements your disposition.
I have every confidence that you will excel in the KlassicLuxe competition.
I eagerly anticipate our next rendezvous.
”
His words carried a genuine sincerity.
Despite her lingering discontent, Stella couldn’t remain angry.
She thanked him softly and urged him to travel safely before ending the call.
Stella placed her phone back into her bag, sighing.
She’d initially anticipated sharing a quiet conversation with Maverick, but his hasty departure had thwarted her plans.
She was uncertain when they’d meet again.
On the opposite side, within the hotel’s presidential suite, Matthew set his phone onto the table, removed his black suit jacket, and slipped back into the dark blue suit he’d worn earlier.
His movements were unhurried, devoid of any emotional expression.
Neville, sitting nearby, let out a sigh of relief, still shaken by the earlier events.
Observing Matthew’s expression, he asked tentatively, “Did Stella grow suspicious?”
Matthew shook his head.
“That’s a relief,” Neville said, his relief palpable.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“When I saw her reaching for your mask, I thought I’d have a heart attack.
Thankfully, the host’s announcement came just in time, or I would’ve requested all the lights in the venue be turned off.
”
Matthew remained deep in thought.
During that crucial moment, he had contemplated evading Stella’s touch.
However, such an action might have roused her suspicions.
Their encounter might not have concluded as harmoniously as it did.
Neville managed to regain his composure and voiced his concerns.
“Since you wanted to meet with Stella willingly, why didn’t you just take the opportunity to reveal your true identity as Maverick? It would have saved you this unnecessary ordeal.
”
###chapter386
He couldn’t fathom Matthew’s reasoning and couldn’t help but express his frustration.
Matthew shifted his gaze away, his face impassive.
He removed the voice changer, seemingly unfazed.
“I’m afraid it’s not the right time.
I want her to accept Maverick first before she learns that Matthew is Maverick.
”
After the grand evening banquet, Zola stormed away from the event, retreating to the sanctuary of her car.
Her expectations of shining brightly at the ball had been mercilessly eclipsed by Stella.
That infuriating woman!
With clenched teeth, Zola seethed with anger, unwilling to lose to an orphan like Stella.
She was determined to teach Stella a lesson.
Stella had mentioned she worked for Prosperity Group, but Zola couldn’t believe Stella had secured the position on her own.
There had to be something fishy going on.
Suddenly, a thought struck her, and she remembered her close friend at Prosperity Group, Docie.
Zola promptly dialed Docie’s number.
‘s BunnyBookery
Docie, currently working late to alter Shane’s suit, was in a particularly foul mood.
She answered the phone impatiently.
“What’s up, Zola?”
Zola, consumed by her own anger, failed to notice Docie’s irritation and inquired, “Do you know Stella Anderson from the PR department in your company?”
Docie’s vexation flared even higher.
“Yeah, I know her.
The CEO favors her a lot.
She’s insufferably arrogant and has been meddling in the affairs of the design department.
If it weren’t for her, I wouldn’t be stuck working overtime in the company right now.
I don’t know what she’s done to get Mr.
Clark to favor her!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
At this moment, Docie found an outlet to vent her accumulated resentment.
Zola, keen on stoking the flames of Docie’s anger, chimed in, “At the KlassicLuxe dinner party tonight, I saw Stella boldly taking your boss’s arm, appearing incredibly smug.
If she performs well in the design competition, it’s going to be a tough time for you in the design department.
”
Docie clenched her fists, channeling her pent-up frustration.
“We need to teach Stella a lesson.
”
She paused briefly before concocting a scheme.
“I have an idea.
”
Stella returned home shortly after, where she crossed paths with Miley at the entrance.
###chapter387
Miley, who appeared fatigued, mustered her spirits the moment she laid eyes on Stella.
She inquired eagerly, “Stella, how was the dinner party? What did the judges think of your dress?”
Stella contemplated for a moment before responding, “Judging by their expressions, it seems positive, but the final verdict will hinge on the upcoming competition.
”
Relieved, Miley sighed.
“That’s a relief.
”
Her eyes then darted behind Stella as she queried, “Did you return alone? Where’s Maverick? Did he once again break his commitment for the evening?”
“No.
He attended the ball and even danced with me,” Stella clarified, her voice tinged with disappointment.
“But after I retrieved the number plate from the stage, he left, citing urgent work abroad.
”
“Is he really that busy?” Miley asked.
“Matthew is also swamped with work, but he hasn’t disappeared like this.
Have you ever asked Maverick about the nature of his business?”
“No.
” Stella lowered his eyes and pulled Miley into the house.
“He squeezed out time to see me tonight.
If I hadn’t been tough persistent at that time, I wouldn’t have been able to see him.
”
Stella’s mind was in a mess.
Their meeting had been hasty, far too rushed for a meaningful conversation.
Their marital issues remained unresolved.
Miley, aware that the KlassicLuxe party had been a mask ball, furrowed her brows.
“So, you still haven’t seen Maverick’s face?”
Once again, Stella affirmed her prior response.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With a heavy sigh, she gazed at her phone screen, her thoughts in turmoil.
The scene pictures of the KlassicLuxe’s mask ball had been released on the Internet one after another.
Noticing that she was not in a good mood, Miley leaned against Stella and said, “Last time I went to talk about divorce for you, I saw Maverick, but unfortunately I didn’t take his photos at that time.
When you meet next time, I’ll go with you.
I’m sure I can help you recognize him.
”
The following morning, Stella arrived at Prosperity Group bright and early.
Office hours hadn’t begun yet, so the space lay empty, with only her presence breaking the silence.
Seated at her desk, she powered up her computer and delved into the design drawings for the upcoming competition.
Despite the sample already being created, Stella aimed to fine-tune the details, striving for perfection in her creation.
###chapter388
With unwavering focus, Stella immersed herself in the process.
Then, the melodious click of high heels echoed through the office, accompanying the arrival of a coffee cup on her desk.
Turning around, Stella met the disconcerting sight of Docie, sporting a smile that seemed far too saccharine.
Stella instinctively powered down her computer, facing Docie with a guarded expression.
“What brings you here?”
“I’ve brought you a cup of coffee and my revised design draft for Shane’s suit,” Docie replied, beaming.
She extended a document towards Stella.
“I’ve incorporated your suggestions, so please take a look.
”
Stella observed Docie closely.
Beneath that outward friendliness simmered an unnerving undercurrent, a hidden aggression lurking behind her facade of politeness.
A few seconds passed, and Stella, unwilling to engage further, informed Docie, “I don’t belong to the design department.
It’s best to follow the standard procedure for reviewing.
”
Docie hadn’t anticipated such a direct rejection.
She couldn’t shake the feeling that Stella wielded considerable influence, arrogantly dismissing others.
Clutching the document tightly, she fought to quell her anger.
After a moment, she regained her composure, determined not to let her mask slip.
Changing tack, she inquired, “I noticed you were looking at something earlier, some kind of design.
It seemed impressive.
Whose work is that? Can I take a peek and perhaps learn from it?”
Suspicion flickered in Stella’s eyes as she offered a perfunctory reply.
“I was just browsing.
No need to look.
”
Docie, reading between the lines, was fairly certain that the design was intended for Stella’s participation in the competition.
To avoid arousing suspicion, she let the matter drop and shifted the conversation.
“During the design meeting, your proposal for Shane’s suit was truly remarkable.
You possess the potential to become a phenomenal designer.
”
She flattered Stella hypocritically.
Stella graciously responded, “I appreciate your kind words.
However, compared to you, I’m only at the beginning of my design journey.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Glancing at her watch, Stella subtly hinted, “It’s time to start our work.
If you don’t have any other business, I need to focus.
”
Her message was clear: Docie was no longer welcome.
Docie could discern the not-so-subtle hints and forced a polite smile.
She exchanged a few more pleasantries before finally taking her Leave.
As she exited the PR department, Docie’s feigned smile vanished instantly.
###chapter389
She huffed in exasperation, heading to the design department to find Alban.
Once she’d sent Alban away on a pretext, Docie surreptitiously accessed Stella’s design draft on the computer.
Her satisfaction was evident as she copied the draft.
She then contacted Zola.
“Are you free right now? I’ve got something important to discuss.
”
“Okay.
” Zola readily agreed.
After hanging up, Docie clutched the USB drive tightly in her hand.
This time, she was determined to force Stella out of Prosperity Group.
Following her workday, Docie proceeded to the cafe where she was scheduled to meet Zola.
Zola had already been waiting for some time.
When she spotted Docie, her eagerness couldn’t be contained.
“What do you have for me?”
Docie reached for a sip of water, exuding an air of calmness.
“Don’t fret.
”
She retrieved the USB drive from her bag and handed it over to Zola.
“What’s this?” Zola inquired, puzzled.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Stella’s design draft,” Docie revealed in a hushed tone.
She gestured for Zola to lean in, then whispered conspiratorially, “To ensure everything goes smoothly, I need you to…”
As Zola absorbed Docie’s instructions, she leaned back into her seat.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Clutching the USB drive, she regarded Docie with a _ shared determination, a silent pact forged between them, their smiles reflecting an unwavering resolve to succeed.
The competition was right around the corner.
Still having a lot of work to do, Stella decided to start staying overtime to finish everything.
It was currently evening, and everyone else had clocked out.
Stella stayed behind, ate a few sandwiches, and returned to her office.
Hours passed, and Stella worked in silence until the sound of thunder resonated across the room, causing her to jump in her seat.
She looked out the window, watching as the lightning danced in the sky.
Loud rumbles of thunder could be heard.
Stella quickly checked the time.
It was going to be ten very soon.
She began to pack all her things and turned off her computer.
She needed to get home before the rain started.
###chapter390
Immediately she was done, the rain began to pour.
It was dark outside, and it appeared that the rain was going to be falling for a very long time.
Letting out a small sigh, Stella remained in her office.
It was best to wait for the rain to at least calm down.
She rested her head on the table, watching the rain pour down from the window.
The sound of the rain hitting the glass caused her to grow sleepy, but she immediately jerked up when she felt the presence of someone behind her.
The person dropped a lunch box on her table.
Stella looked up at the person and was met with Matthew staring down at her.
She rubbed her eyes in shock.
Matthew was dressed in a plain white shirt.
He didn’t look as dressed up as he was in the morning.
Stella got out of her seat.
“Mr.
Clark, why are you still here?”
“Because I’m dealing with Shane’s matter,” Matthew replied.
A small frown formed on her face.
She was certain that Docie said she had already modified Shane’s suit design this morning.
Why was he working so hard?
“Mr.
Clark, I could help you if the suit hasn’t been finished,”
Stella suggested.
“That’s okay.
I already asked someone else to do it,” Matthew said softly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella gave a short nod and began to play with her hair awkwardly.
She didn’t know what else to say.
Silence filled the room, except for the sound of the rain pouring outside.
After a while, Matthew gently moved the lunch box towards her.
“Eat something.
You’ve been working for a very long time.
You can head home when the rain subsides.
”
Stella stared at him wide-eyed.
He brought her food? She wasn’t expecting that.
With an unreadable expression on her face, she stared at the box in front of her.
It felt inappropriate for her to accept it, but at the same time, she couldn’t just reject it, not without a good reason at least.
After pondering on it for a few seconds, she finally thought of a good excuse.
###chapter391
“I already had dinner, Mr.
Clark.
I…”
Her words were cut off by the growling sound her stomach made.
She smiled awkwardly.
“Well, I…”
She was cut off again, but this time by Matthew.
His face held no expression as he said, “Fernando got it, and it’s too much.
So since you’re still here, we can just share it instead of wasting it.
”
Stella nodded slightly.
Matthew watched her as she opened the lunch box.
Fried chicken, decorated with yellow honey and mustard sauce stared back at her in the face.
It was one of her favorites, and she was starving.
Her heart was filled with warmth.
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew was glad she liked it, but didn’t let it show.
“You’re welcome,” he said plainly.
Stella wore a pair of disposable gloves and picked a piece of chicken.
She was glad they were still hot.
It seemed they were just bought not too long ago.
Taking a bite from the chicken, she couldn’t help but squint her eyes as the sweet juice of the meat exploded in her mouth.
Matthew couldn’t restrain himself from smiling.
She looked adorable.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella finished one and was about to pick another when she realized that Matthew hadn’t touched the food.
“Why aren’t you eating?” she asked as she withdrew her hand shyly.
Matthew couldn’t think straight as he stared at her face.
She looked slightly embarrassed.
He didn’t know what was wrong with him but the sound of her soft voice mixed with the sound of the rain was doing something to him.
His heart raced in his chest.
What was this uncontrollable feeling?
He felt uncomfortable.
Averting his gaze from her face, he finally answered, “I’ve had my share already.
I need to go deal with something.
Just enjoy the food.
”
###chapter392
He quickly turned around and left.
He was terrified of falling in love and not being able to come out of it or restrain himself.
In the CEO’s office, Fernando diligently worked to dry Matthew’s rain-soaked suit jacket.
A gnawing perplexity plagued him.
Matthew, as he knew him, never indulged in fried chicken.
Why, then, did he venture out into the pouring rain to procure it?
Lately, Matthew’s behavior had become increasingly enigmatic, a complete departure from his usual self.
As Fernando lost himself in thought, the office door swung open.
He swiveled around, spotting Matthew empty-handed.
Had he devoured the fried chicken so swiftly?
Matthew, too, recognized Fernando’s presence immediately and offered a casual remark.
“You can call it a day, Fernando.
I’ll drive back later.
”
Fernando frowned, puzzled.
Weren’t all business matters attended to?
Why did Matthew remain at the office?
Then, it dawned on him.
Stella was probably working late.
Taking into account Matthew’s recent peculiar attentiveness towards her, Fernando quickly pieced together the situation.
So, the fried chicken had been purchased for Stella.
Fernando stumbled upon a significant secret.
He hastily hung the coat and addressed Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, your coat is dry now.
I’ll be leaving.
”
And with that, he made a quick exit.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The office returned to a tranquil state.
Matthew stood there, captivated by the sound of raindrops against the windowpane.
Stella’s image flashed across his mind once more.
After a prolonged pause, he tore his gaze away and took a seat.
The computer screen displayed a view of Stella’s office.
She sat at her desk, savoring the fried chicken, engrossed in her phone, which occasionally elicited laughter.
Matthew couldn’t help but be influenced by her infectious joy.
A smile graced his lips as he watched.
###chapter393
He picked up a document, though his eyes darted back to the screen repeatedly.
When he saw Stella extinguish the office lights, he promptly abandoned the documents, rose from his chair, and retrieved his coat.
Matthew ventured to the CEO’s private elevator, descending straight to the ground floor.
As he arrived in the lobby, he noted an elevator across from him, its indicator lights descending.
He had timed his departure well.
However, anxiety crept in.
He was about to encounter Stella, but how could he make it appear accidental?
Before he could devise a plan, the elevator doors slid open.
Stella stood within, her expression registering pure astonishment.
“Mr.
Clark, you haven’t left yet?”
“I was just on my way,” Matthew replied with a calm demeanor.
“The rain hasn’t let up.
Allow me to drive you home.
”
His tone was collected, and Stella failed to detect any hint of contrivance.
She offered a polite but hesitant refusal.
“I can easily catch a taxi.
You don’t need to trouble yourself.
”
“It’s no trouble at all,” Matthew asserted promptly.
Observing the flabbergasted look on Stella’s face, he added, “I’ve heard there have been recent reports of thieves in the area.
It’s not safe for you to head home so late.
”
At the mention of potential thieves, Stella gazed apprehensively into the night, her eyes filled with trepidation.
She bit her lip, conceding, “Thank you for offering to drive me home.
”
Matthew couldn’t help but feel gratified by her agreement.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
During the ride, Matthew was behind the wheel, and Stella remained mostly silent, her thoughts adrift.
The late hour meant few vehicles graced the roads, resulting in an unhindered journey.
As they reached a traffic light, Matthew parked the car, and a thought crossed his mind.
He swiveled to face Stella.
“Stella, have you completed your design for the upcoming competition?”
Stella nodded with conviction.
###chapter394
“It’s all sorted.
”
“May I take a look?” Matthew inquired.
Stella was taken aback but didn’t .
“Of course.
”
She fetched her design manuscript from her bag and handed it over.
Matthew accepted it, directing his gaze to the pearl button.
Observing that Stella had indeed integrated his suggestions into the design, he expressed his satisfaction with a warm smile.
“What do you think? Any suggestions?” Stella asked, her nerves evident.
Matthew handed the design back to her.
“I adore the evening gown you’ve crafted.
”
Stella, hearing his praise, felt warmth suffuse her cheeks, a blush spreading.
“I’d like to express my gratitude for instructing the clothing department to create a sample for me.
”
Matthew maintained his focus on her, his approval unwavering.
“Your dress is splendid, Stella,” he assured.
“Just remember to pay close attention to the makeup and hairstyle when the model tries it on.
These elements are critical to how your dress will be perceived during the presentation.
”
Stella nodded appreciatively.
“I understand.
”
“Your attention to detail is commendable.
With proper lighting adjustments at the venue, I have no doubt your design will leave a lasting impression on the judges.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella couldn’t help but admire Matthew even more deeply now.
She nodded repeatedly.
“I’ll handle it meticulously and strive not to disappoint you.
”
Upon reaching her destination, Stella bid farewell to Matthew, turning to meet his comforting gaze.
In that moment, a peculiar sensation washed over her.
It felt as if Matthew were not merely her boss, but rather a trusted friend, someone with whom she’d shared countless years of camaraderie.
The KlassicLuxe design competition was fast approaching, and anticipation buzzed in the air.
###chapter395
Miley, in her role as a mentor and guide, accompanied Stella and Flossie to the competition site.
Together, they entered the building and ascended in the elevator, with Miley positioned in the middle, linking her arms with both Stella and Flossie.
As the elevator doors slid open on the top floor, Miley released her grasp, her attention on Flossie’s outfit.
“I’ll head backstage to check on Flossie’s attire.
You two can mingle with the other contestants, and later, come find me.
”
Stella nodded in agreement.
With a final hug, Miley left Stella with warm encouragement.
“Remember, no matter the outcome, you’re a star in my eyes.
”
Stella’s heart swelled with appreciation, and she responded with heartfelt sincerity, “Thank you.
”
Parting ways with Miley, Stella guided Flossie down the hall.
The corridor twisted and turned until they reached a heavy, ornately patterned metal door.
Positioned by the door were two impeccably dressed attendants.
A silent exchange of glances between Stella and Flossie, then they proceeded forward.
Together, the waiters exerted effort to swing open the weighty door.
Inside, the hall dazzled with brilliant illumination and opulent decorations.
The transparent T-stage afforded a view of flowing water underneath, an exquisite touch to the grandeur.
The hall bustled with people, contestants and distinguished guests alike.
As Stella crossed the threshold, her eyes immediately landed on Zola, who was immersed in animated conversation.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Holding a glass of wine and dr@ped in a striking wine-red evening gown, Zola commanded attention.
Stella’s brow furrowed.
She hadn’t anticipated that Zola would choose the same wine-red hue for her attire.
Zola, too, spotted Stella in the crowd at this moment.
Her expression underwent a rapid transformation as she advanced towards Stella.
Stella remained composed, maintaining decorum as she offered a nod of acknowledgment when Zola arrived.
After Zola stood in front of Stella, she realized that Stella’s makeup tonight was very exquisite.
Although it was light makeup, it made her have a temperament that no one could compare with.
###chapter396
Zola was a little annoyed and unhappy.
But when Zola thought that Stella would be embarrassed later, she felt happy again.
She sneered, “Stella, the designers present here have countless excellent works.
You are just a PR officer.
How dare you take part in the competition?”
Stella was used to her sarcasm and didn’t have any emotional fluctuations.
Zola’s presence prompted Stella’s usual calm indifference.
“Since I’m on the shortlist, why shouldn’t I be here?”
Zola bristled with irritation at Stella’s unperturbed demeanor.
Just as she was about to retort, her gaze shifted to Flossie, who stood beside Stella.
‘s BunnyBookery
Within the realm of modeling, Flossie had long carried a tarnished reputation, rendering her an undesirable choice.
Zola’s confidence surged once more.
A smug smile graced her lips.
“Stella, you should stick to your own lane.
Why enter a competition? Look.
There are so many models for you to choose, but you choose a model with poor reputation.
Your taste is really bad.
”
Stella, unfazed by Zola’s harsh words, maintained her poised exterior.
“Who can predict the outcome until the very end? Even with the finest model, it’s the designer’s talent that truly matters.
”
“Are you mocking me?” Zola retorted, her anger escalating.
Stella’s raised eyebrow spoke volumes.
She was, after all, directing her words at whoever chose to respond.
Zola’s ire was palpable, and she struggled to contain herself.
She took a deep breath, endeavoring to regain her composure.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Her gaze locked onto Stella, and she commented, “Is your evening gown also wine red tonight?”
Stella refrained from responding.
Zola’s grin grew wider.
She stepped closer, her words a low, whispered taunt.
“Tonight, there’s more than one wine red evening gown.
Do you have confidence in your creation?”
With that lingering question, Zola departed, her smile masking any trace of her previous irritation.
Stella watched her retreating form, her mind racing as she mulled over Zola’s words.
###chapter397
A disquieting premonition gnawed at her.
Seeing the worried look on Stella’s face, Flossie reminded her, “Stella, don’t let her affect your mood.
She must have said that on purpose to disturb your thoughts.
”
Flossie’s words of reassurance pulled Stella out of the unsettling thoughts that Zola’s words had stirred within her.
Managing a smile, Stella replied, “You’re right, Flossie.
I won’t let her get to me.
”
She then turned her attention back to Flossie, offering words of encouragement.
“And you, don’t let her words affect you either.
Focus on the competition.
”
“Don’t worry.
I’ve heard worse than this before.
” Flossie returned her smile with confidence.
Stella nodded.
Realizing it was nearly time, she advised Flossie to head backstage to prepare for the competition.
Once Flossie had left, Stella picked up a glass of red wine from a passing waiter’s tray and took a sip.
However, before she could indulge in another sip, a deep and familiar male voice emanated from behind.
“Perhaps you shouldn’t drink too much before the competition.
It’s best not to risk being intoxicated,” Matthew walked to her and reminded her gently.
Startled, Stella hastily set down the glass, pivoting around to find herself face-to-face with him.
“Mr.
Clark, why are you here?”
As soon as she voiced her question, a hushed buzz of conversation erupted among the onlookers.
Matthew, being a prominent figure in Seamarsh, inevitably drew attention.
“Look, that’s Matthew! Who’s the woman next to him?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I don’t recognize her.
Anyone here must either be a guest or a contestant.
”
“Isn’t Matthew married? Could she be his wife? She’s so beautiful and poised!”
In the midst of the growing speculation, a waiter bearing a tray of drinks approached Stella.
Oblivious to the approaching tray, Stella continued her conversation with Matthew.
However, Matthew gently placed his hand on her shoulder, leading her to step aside.
When Stella smelled the faint fragrance of the man, her heart beat faster.
The murmurs and whispers persisted.
“Is there something special between her and Matthew?”
“They make a stunning couple!”
###chapter398
“Matthew seems incredibly considerate towards her.
I’m quite envious.
”
Such speculations reached both Matthew’s and Stella’s ears.
Matthew, though secretly pleased, didn’t show it, while Stella couldn’t help but feel her cheeks flush with embarrassment.
When she snapped back to reality, she found herself still within Matthew’s gentle grasp.
Meeting his gaze, her heart raced once more.
She hastily freed herself.
“Thank you.
”
Matthew lowered his hand, his demeanor unwaveringly composed.
He put down his hand and said gently, “It doesn’t matter.
You should pay attention to your back in such a big scene, in case of being hit and splashed with wine.
”
With a renewed sense of decorum, Stella asked curiously, “Are you here as a guest?”
Matthew shook his head, his eyes holding a glimmer of amusement.
“No, I’m one of the judges.
”
What?
Stella’s eyes widened in astonishment at the revelation.
She hadn’t fathomed that Matthew would be one of the judges.
The realization that she had disclosed her design to one of the judges left her momentarily bewildered.
Observing Stella’s disquiet, Matthew seemed to read her thoughts.
In a hushed tone, he assured her, “Don’t worry.
I won’t show any favoritism.
You can relax.
”
Stella looked at him with gratitude and slight incredulity.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Before she could offer a proper response, another individual extended an invitation for Matthew to be seated among the judges.
Matthew nodded in acknowledgment and gracefully accepted the offer.
As the minutes ticked by, the host’s mellifluous voice resonated through the venue.
“Ladies and gentlemen, esteemed guests, and talented contestants.
The KlassicLuxe Design Competition is about to commence in just five minutes.
We kindly request that the models assemble to showcase the stunning designs in the order determined by the draw.
”
Stella’s nerves intensified.
She had never participated in such a prestigious competition before, and a wave of apprehension washed over her, causing her hands to turn cold, her breath to quicken.
###chapter399
Amidst her momentary trance, she watched as the first two models took the stage, displaying their garments with elegance.
Then, the third model made her entrance, and Stella’s eyes widened in alarm as she laid eyes on the gown.
Her heart seemed to freeze in place.
She was wearing the exact same red evening dress that Stella had designed.
Stella stood frozen, her eyes fixated on the runway, unable to believe what she was witnessing.
It was a moment of disbelief, and she blinked repeatedly.
The dress on the runway was indeed her creation.
The intricate details, the elegant fabric, and the vision she had worked so hard to bring to life now paraded before her eyes, not as her own, but on another model.
How could someone else be wearing her design?
How could this be?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It was a surreal experience that left Stella bewildered.
“The boldness of the dress’s simplicity is intriguing.
Such a daring choice for a significant competition.
”
“The design complements the model’s natural elegance perfectly.
The designer truly possesses a unique taste.
”
“Have you ever seen such exquisite fabric? It’s like nothing I’ve seen before.
”
Every word of admiration only fueled Stella’s growing anxiety.
She felt like her creativity had been stolen, and her voice had been silenced.
Around her, the chatter continued to echo, and her face grew pallid.
The time allotted for each model on the runway was limited, and soon it was Flossie’s turn to make her entrance.
As she stepped onto the runway, the audience erupted in astonishment and confusion.
“What’s happening? Did I just witness that correctly? The is wearing the same dress as the third model!”
“Wow! Could this be an open case of blatant plagiarism?”
“Isn’t the KlassicLuxe Design Competition known for its high standards? Is this some sort of a publicity stunt?”
“Anyone can claim to be a designer nowadays, but this is unacceptable.
The original creators should be protected!”
The discussion became louder and louder, and the audience was so dissatisfied.
###chapter400
Amidst the increasing disapproval from the audience, a voice rose above the others, vehemently shouting, ““Expel the plagiarist! No room for plagiarism here!”
The cry was quickly echoed by others in the audience, generating a wave of agreement.
The competition had to be momentarily halted, with the music and presentations coming to an abrupt stop.
The host took charge, trying to quell the growing unrest.
“Ladies and gentlemen, please, let’s maintain order.
The situation will be addressed.
”
Attempting to restore calm, Slater Aston, the main judge of the competition, stepped forward, taking hold of the microphone.
“That’s Slater Aston! His reputation precedes him.
He doesn’t tolerate plagiarism in the least.
Whoever is guilty will surely face severe consequences.
”
As soon as Slater appeared, the anger of the audience instantly subsided a lot, and they began to watch the play with ease.
Slater had narrow and elongated eyebrows and eyes and a kind of artist temperament.
In his rich, sonorous voice, he addressed the crowd, “The designers responsible for dress number three and dress number seven, please step forward.
”
Stella’s heart raced as she made her way towards the stage, her steps feeling heavy under the scrutinizing gazes of the audience.
Zola followed closely behind her, her confident demeanor masking her true intentions.
Stella couldn’t help but recall the conversation she had with Zola before the competition.
Now, it all made sense.
As they reached the center of the stage, Zola seized the opportunity to speak first, her tone sharp and accusatory.
“I can assure all the judges that this dress is the result of my hard work.
The designer behind dress number seven is standing right here, and she has undoubtedly plagiarized my work!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Zola’s voice carried a hint of anger, her eyes filled with scorn as she glanced subtly at Stella.
Stella felt the weight of the audience’s judgment bearing down on her, but she couldn’t falter now.
She tightened her grip on the microphone, determined to prove her innocence.
Her eyes scanned the crowd, finally locking onto Matthew’s inscrutable gaze.
Matthew had shown her immense support upon discovering her participation in the competition.
Stella took a deep breath.
No matter what, she had to prove her innocence.
She couldn’t let Matthew down!
Soon, she calmed down.
“Zola and I determined the runway order through a random draw.
She merely happened to present her design before mine.
That alone is not evidence of plagiarism.
”
Slater observed Stella and Zola carefully, awaiting further information.

###chapter401
In a composed tone, he inquired, “Who among you can_ provide substantial evidence to substantiate your claim as the original creator of this design?”
Stella took a deep breath, her voice resolute.
“My design was originally hand-drawn.
About two weeks ago, I created the design at home.
If the judges require it, I can rush home now to retrieve the records from my computer at that time.
”
Before Slater could respond, Zola fired back, her tone laced with confidence.
“You can easily manipulate your computer, changing timestamps to falsify the truth.
”
Zola’s unwavering arrogance left Stella puzzled, her brows furrowing as she inquired, “How can you prove that this dress is your original creation?”
A sly smile curved Zola’s lips as she replied, “I can present the evidence right now.
”
Stella’s frown deepened.
She knew that only Maverick and Matthew had seen her design, and they had no connection to Zola.
So why was Zola so certain?
While Stella wrestled with her thoughts, Zola summoned her assistant over and whispered something in her ear.
The assistant reached into her bag, retrieving a piece of paper.
Zola glanced at Stella, satisfaction gleaming in her eyes as she noticed Stella’s confusion.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With conviction, she handed the paper to Slater and declared, “I am deeply honored to have been selected for the KlassicLuxe Design Competition, and I take this competition very seriously.
As a result, a few days ago, on the 27th, I filed for intellectual property rights for my design and creative work.
”
Stella’s realization hit like a bolt of Lightning.
She hadn’t expected Zola to take this course of action.
Panic surged within her.
Zola reveled in Stella’s reaction, continuing with a sense of triumph.
“Though the results have not yet been announced, I believe this is enough to prove my innocence.
I am the true originator of this design.
”
Slater examined the contents of the paper meticulously, confirming that it was indeed a filed design document.
He asked in a composed tone, “Why did you bring this document with you?”
Zola was prepared for this question, her demeanor composed as she replied, “I always come fully prepared for major competitions, just in case.
”
Her final words carried a hint of irony.
The room fell into an uneasy silence before the crowd erupted into a cacophony of discussion.
###chapter402
ALL eyes turned to Stella.
Accusations of plagiarism filled the air.
“Plagiarism is disgraceful! Who is this woman? How dare she compete without the skill?”
“Lower your voice! Remember Stella? She’s the PR officer from Prosperity Group.
Remember when Vivien publicly apologized to her on the internet?”
“Yes, I recall that incident.
A PR officer joining the KlassicLuxe Design Competition.
Who would believe she lacks the background?”
“She probably only got in because of Matthew’s influence, and now she’s resorted to plagiarism.
It’s utterly shameful.
”
Amidst the chatter, Slater called for silence.
His gaze fixed on Stella as he inquired, “Do you have any evidence to prove that you did not plagiarize?”
Stella felt despondent.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Zola’s irrefutable evidence rendered her words powerless.
She clenched her fists, desperately wanting to explain herself, yet feeling utterly helpless.
How had her own design turned against her, branding her a plagiarist?
Slater’s expression darkened as he received no response from Stella.
His voice lowered as he asked again, “Stella, do you possess any evidence to affirm that this design is indeed your creation?”
Stella pursed her lips, shook her head, and replied softly, “I have no other evidence.
”
The crowd erupted once more.
Hearing this, Slater frowned.
Zola breathed a sigh of relief.
She hadn’t anticipated Stella would be so unprepared.
She had feared that Docie’s plan might be too risky, but it appeared she had overestimated Stella.
Zola’s eyes gleamed with smug satisfaction.
Her gaze remained fixed on Stella, her determination clear.
She didn’t merely want Stella to lose; she intended to leave her with no room to escape.
Zola asserted arrogantly, “Stella, you must apologize to me immediately and leave here, or else, expect to receive a formal letter from my lawyer!”
Her words were dripping with arrogance, her tone unwavering.
Stillness fell upon Slater as he regarded Stella, his expression devoid of emotion.
“If you lack evidence, does that mean you plagiarized Zola?”
###chapter403
Stella’s head shook with conviction as she firmly denied, “I might not have evidence at the moment, but I never plagiarized.
Zola is the true plagiarist.
”
Her words ignited a wildfire in the crowd, causing an eruption of outrage.
“What? She’s denying it? How audacious!”
“Someone must be supporting her behind the scenes, allowing her to deny without evidence.
”
“The plagiarist should be disqualified! What does she think this competition is?”
Angry voices surged from the audience.
Slater’s patience wore thin.
“If you won’t admit it, how do you intend to prove your innocence?”
Just as tensions escalated, a commanding male voice cut through the turmoil.
“I can vouch for her.
” Matthew stood up confidently from his seat, his voice resonating with unwavering assurance.
His statement, however, sent the discussion into overdrive.
“See, I told you! Matthew has a special connection with Stella.
He’s stepping forward to defend her!”
“My judgment of Matthew was completely off.
I thought he was a rational, sharp entrepreneur.
I never expected him to be infatuated.
”
“They must think the audience is blind.
We’ve witnessed Stella’s plagiarism.
How can Matthew speak up for her? Do they take us for fools?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The chaos reigned supreme.
Gazing at Matthew in astonishment, Stella felt both touched and distressed.
Her own failure had brought Matthew under fire.
She clenched her fists, nails biting into her palms.
Slater turned to Matthew, raising an eyebrow.
“Do you have any evidence?”
Without uttering a word, Matthew beckoned for Fernando.
Fernando, holding a document, handed it to Slater under Matthew’s silent directive.
The curiosity in the room reached its zenith.
What exactly was Matthew about to present?
Stella, equally puzzled, turned to Matthew, who smiled at her.
###chapter404
That smile left Stella momentarily entranced, yet it also filled her with an inexplicable sense of relief.
She couldn’t help but return the smile, then redirected her gaze to Slater.
Slater, engrossed in the document, went through a series of emotions before finally closing it and addressing Stella’s direction.
“What a shame…”
Anxiety gripped Stella.
Zola, on the other hand, folded her arms triumphantly, a proud smile etched on her face.
But in the very next moment, Slater’s tone changed.
“Stella is, in fact, the original designer.
”
Zola’s confident grin froze in place.
Before she could react, Slater displayed the document handed to him by Matthew for all to see.
“This document holds the records for intellectual property rights, and the date-no later than the 25th-precedes Zola’s.
Even more crucially, Stella’s registration has been officially approved.
”
He scanned the audience and continued, “In fact, we have over twenty pages of registration forms, a comprehensive record of Stella’s design, including every detail, concept, and more.
It is far more comprehensive than Zola’s evidence.
”
Stella was left dumbfounded.
So that was why Matthew had requested her design drawing that day?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The mystery in her mind unraveled swiftly.
Matthew’s composed voice broke the silence.
“Stella is a senior member of Prosperity Group.
To protect the creative work of our employee, we filed for Stella’s design achievements in advance…”
He fixed his icy gaze on Zola and concluded icily, “You are the true plagiarist.
”
Slater handed the document back to Matthew, his gaze now fixed on Zola with icy detachment.
“Zola, do you have anything else to say?”
Panic etched itself onto Zola’s face.
She raised her eyes, accidentally locking onto Matthew’s frigid gaze.
A chill ran down her spine, forcing her to take an involuntary step back.
“I didn’t plagiarize.
”
Slater arched an eyebrow, lips pursed, his demeanor indifferent.
Zola took his silence as an invitation to continue.
Growing bolder, she ground her teeth and pointed an accusing finger at Stella.
“It was Stella who stole my idea and had it registered.
The real plagiarist here is Stella, not me!”
###chapter405
Stella couldn’t help but sneer at Zola’s words.
She couldn’t believe that Zola remained unrepentant even now.
Coldly, Stella inquired, “Since you’re adamant that this was your creation, then please share your design concept and the process behind it.
”
“I like red, so I designed a red evening dress.
That’s it,” Zola responded evasively, her gaze cast downward in guilt.
With a hint to Slater, Stella requested, “Sir, may I retrieve my phone?”
Slater nodded, and Miley, who had been waiting backstage, promptly handed Stella her phone.
Stella opened her chat history with Maverick and presented it to Zola, confronting her.
“So, this suggestion to reduce the size of the pearl button-was that also your idea? Or are you my husband’s mistress? Did he also provide you with the same idea?”
Zola found herself speechless, shaking her head in panic.
“I… I didn’t! I didn’t plagiarize!”
Stella wasted no time in disallowing any retort.
“To a designer, each creation is like their own child.
It takes time and devotion to craft a garment.
If you can’t even explain the most basic design concept, then you are, without a doubt, the plagiarist!”
Zola took a step back, retreating until she found herself seated on the floor, her legs limp.
“You…” She glared at Stella, her embarrassment deepening.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As the audience observed this scene, they became almost certain that Zola was the true culprit.
Murmurs and discussions arose.
“So, it was Zola who plagiarized.
”
“What? Goodness gracious, how shameless can she be? It’s downright humiliating.
”
“Never before have we witnessed such a scandal in the KlassicLuxe Design Competition.
This woman has truly left her mark.
”
The discourse grew louder, the audience reproaching Zola.
Pale and trembling, Zola cast a vengeful glare at Stella.
Looking at all this indifferently, Slater made up his mind.
He was expressionless, and his voice was cold.
“Zola, since you don’t have any more favorable evidence to prove your innocence, please leave the scene immediately.
KlassicLuxe will also expose this matter to the public in accordance with the rules of the design industry.
”
###chapter406
Zola collapsed on the floor, with her hands hanging on her sides.
She didn’t even have the strength to clench her fists.
She knew clearly that Slater’s words made her could no longer work in the design industry in the future.
Zola glared at Stella.
She clenched her fists and, with great effort, rose from the floor.
To the onlookers, she feigned a calm exit.
However, on her way out, she stumbled and nearly fell.
Ridiculous laughter echoed behind her.
Refusing to be deterred, Zola clenched her fists and quickened her pace until she disappeared from the competition altogether.
Stella watched her retreat coldly, her demeanor unflinching.
If Matthew didn’t prepare in advance to prove her innocence today, she would be laughed at.
Zola, in her eyes, deserved no sympathy.
“The competition will continue,” Slater declared in a stern tone, pulling Stella’s focus back.
Shaking off her reverie, Stella regained her composure and fully immersed herself in the competition.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
At that moment, Flossie approached with a gracious smile while the third model retreated disheartened.
Stella couldn’t help but marvel at the stark contrast before her, her gratitude swelling.
She knew that all of this had been made possible thanks to Matthew.
Her gaze shifted to him once more.
Matthew had returned to his seat, seemingly unperturbed by the recent turmoil.
Stella was deeply moved by his unwavering support.
After all of the models displayed the dresses, the competition was now entering its decisive phase-the scoring.
After the recent scandal, the judges took their time to evaluate each ensemble.
Stella, Flossie, and the other contestants stood beneath the stage, their anxiety palpable.
Flossie squeezed Stella’s hand, offering silent comfort amidst the mounting pressure.
Stella smiled back at her, her heart still racing.
###chapter407
After a prolonged period of suspense, Slater finally rose from his seat, his voice resonating through the microphone across the competition grounds.
“Out of the talented designers who’ve participated, we have three finalists in the KlassicLuxe Design Competition: Celeste Padilla, Lesly Gordon, and Stella Anderson.
”
Stella breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing her name, Flossie gripping her hand with excitement.
Slater continued, divulging the details of the final round.
Stella listened intently, her smile fading as she absorbed the gravity of the task ahead.
“This final round is designed to test the designers’ on-site design abilities.
Now, I invite the three finalists to come to the stage and select their task cards.
”
As Slater outlined the rules, Stella and her fellow designers ascended the stage one by one.
The final round would last two hours.
Stella received her task card and immediately began crafting her design.
With a strong foundation in design, she invested an hour meticulously creating her fashion masterpiece.
After dedicating another thirty minutes to fine-tuning, she submitted her work, waiting in quiet anticipation.
The other two designers also completed their projects as the competition reached its climax.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Finally, after the judges’ deliberation, Stella emerged as the champion, owing to her efficiency and the impeccable quality of her design.
With the announcement of the results, Stella, Miley, and Flossie embraced, overwhelmed with joy.
“I knew you’d win, Stella!” Miley exclaimed, hugging Stella tightly.
After a moment, Miley eased her grip and took the trophy from Stella.
“I need a picture to brag about this.
”
Miley retrieved her phone and snapped photos of the trophy.
Stella watched with a smile as her friend celebrated her victory.
Suddenly, a thought occurred to her.
She glanced offstage and turned to Miley, saying, “Miley, wait here for a moment.
”
Without waiting for Miley’s response, Stella rushed to Matthew.
Matthew had been keeping a watchful eye on Stella since her victory.
Seeing her approach, he stood still.
Stella halted before Matthew, offering a deep, sincere bow.
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew returned a gentle smile.
###chapter408
“You needed very little help from me.
You’ve earned this.
”
Stella was touched by his words.
After a brief pause, she inquired, “We’re heading home to celebrate later.
If you’re not busy, would you like to join us?”
As soon as she finished her question, she immediately added, “If you are not free, then.
Before she could finish her sentence, Matthew interrupted her.
“I’m available.
” Matthew’s answer was swift and resolute.
Stella beamed, “Then I’ll inform Miley.
”
Matthew nodded in agreement.
As Stella turned to go, Slater, who had been standing by Matthew’s side, stepped forward.
“Stella, I heard that you’re planning to celebrate.
Would it be possible for me to join you?”
Slater wore a smile, a stark contrast to his earlier stern demeanor during the competition.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella couldn’t help but express her surprise.
She had only met Slater once during the competition, and their interaction had been limited.
She hadn’t expected him to extend such an invitation.
‘s BunnyBookery
However, considering Slater’s stature in the industry, Stella couldn’t refuse.
Awkwardly, she replied, “It would be an honor for you to join us, Mr.
Aston.
”
“Since the competition is over, you needn’t address me as Mr.
Aston.
Slater will suffice,” Slater suggested amiably.
Stella nodded, somewhat flustered, and they exited the hotel together.
The three young women walked ahead, while Matthew and Slater followed in silence.
As they approached the exit, Miley released Stella’s arm and declared, “Stella and Flossie, wait here.
I’ll bring the car around.
”
Stella was about to agree but was interrupted by Matthew.
“Stella, you can take my car.
I need to speak with you.
”
Thinking it was a matter of business, Stella agreed.
###chapter409
“Miley, take Slater and Flossie.
I’ll take Matthew’s car.
”
However, Slater interjected with enthusiasm, “I’m quite intrigued by your work, Stella.
During the competition, we didn’t have the opportunity to chat.
Would you mind if we have a conversation on the way?”
Stella glanced at Matthew, feeling embarrassed.
Slater raised an eyebrow, continuing, “No need to worry.
I’ll ride with Matthew.
”
Before Matthew could say anything, Slater added, “Matthew, if your business is more important, you can talk first.
I’ll talk with Stella after you finish.
”
His natural tone surprised Stella.
Matthew looked at him coldly but said nothing.
He headed to the parking lot.
Slater guided Stella, and they both climbed into the back seat.
Stella’s face was filled with confusion, but she still followed him.
As Matthew took the wheel, they began discussing renowned designers and fashion trends, with Slater completely disregarding his prior commitment to Matthew.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
From the rearview mirror, Matthew observed Stella looking relaxed and happy, a sense of unease welling up within him.
He clenched the steering wheel, the pressure in the car mounting.
At a sharp turn, Matthew abruptly veered to the right.
Slater’s body slammed into the car door, his head colliding with the window with a resounding thud.
The impact reverberated throughout the vehicle.
Stella clenched the seatbelt, her heart racing from the sudden maneuver of the car.
The vehicle continued on its course smoothly.
Stella gradually regained her composure.
She glanced over at Matthew, who was seated in the driver’s seat, and couldn’t help but express her concern.
“Mr.
Clark, please be careful.
We’re not in a hurry.
”
Matthew’s response was curt and unfriendly.
“Sorry.
”
Sensing his foul mood, Stella wisely refrained from saying more.
In the back seat, Slater was still rubbing his head where it had hit the window during the abrupt turn.
Stella turned to him with concern.
“Are you alright?”
###chapter410
Slater managed a smile, though it seemed forced.
“I’m fine It’s just that Matthew isn’t used to driving himself.
I understand.
”
Matthew remained silent, but he didn’t slow down.
This incident cast a shadow over the rest of the journey, rendering it unusually quiet.
The car eventually pulled up at Miley’s villa.
As Stella exited the vehicle, she noticed that the villa was shrouded in darkness.
Before she could dial Miley’s number, she received a call from her friend.
Miley’s voice, brimming with excitement, emanated from the other end of the line.
“Stella, Flossie and I are grabbing some balloons and colorful ribbons to decorate the house.
We’ll be a little late.
”
“You…” Stella began to voice her concerns about the inconvenience, but Miley had already hung up, leaving her on a dial tone.
She shook her head in resignation.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Folding her phone, she led Matthew and Slater into the house.
‘s BunnyBookery
The three entered the living room.
Stella noticed that Slater was still rubbing his head, so she inquired, “Is your head hurting? I have some ointment upstairs.
I can fetch it for you.
”
Slater glanced at Matthew, who appeared unwell, and decided to tease Stella.
“I’m not feeling well.
Matthew was driving too fast.
”
Stella felt a rush of anxiety.
If anything happened to the renowned designer, it would be a disaster.
She hurriedly offered, “Please wait here.
I’ll go upstairs and get the ointment for you.
”
“Alright,” Slater replied.
With Stella out of the room, Matthew and Slater sat in silence, pointedly ignoring each other.
Matthew crossed his arms, his face stony, while Slater fidgeted uncomfortably.
After a brief period of waiting, Slater couldn’t bear the silence any longer.
He leaned towards Matthew and asked, “Do you have feelings for Stella?”
Matthew remained as still as a statue, seemingly unfazed by Slater’s words.
Not one to be easily discouraged, Slater chuckled.
###chapter411
“Stella doesn’t know that you’re the head of KlassicLuxe, does she?
If she finds out, she’ll probably throw herself at you.
’
Suddenly, Matthew’s eyes snapped open.
Their depths were as impenetrable as ever, devoid of any hint of humor.
“Shut up.
”
His voice, low and frigid, hung heavily in the air, chilling the atmosphere.
Unperturbed, Slater continued with his taunts.
“If you don’t plan to pursue her, then I’ll make my move.
”
He was clearly trying to provoke Matthew.
Matthew was about to open his mouth when he heard some footsteps from the stairs.
Stella quickly went downstairs, handed the ointment to Slater and carefully told him how to use it.
Slater, however, just stared at it and did not take it.
With a smile on his face, he said gently and apologetically, “I haven’t used this kind of ointment.
Can you help me apply it?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A blush suddenly crept up Stella’s cheeks, making her clearly surprised by his request.
Seeing her dumbfounded, Matthew quickly grabbed the ointment from her hand.
“I can help him apply it.
”
“Then I’ll go prepare something to eat first.
” Noticing that Matthew was helping her out, Stella immediately ran out of the living room.
After watching the receding figure of Stella, Matthew turned to look at Slater.
Slater still had a smile on his face, leaving Matthew annoyed.
Matthew, however, had enough.
His eyes narrowed, and he warned in a low voice, “Don’t cross the line, or I will teach you a lesson.
”
His warning delivered, he tossed the ointment to Slater, ending the conversation.
Miley and Flossie returned to a rather somber scene in the Living room, finding Matthew and Slater sitting on opposite sides, seemingly engaged in a silent standoff.
The tension in the room was palpable.
Miley suggested cautiously, “We’ve brought back some colorful ribbons and balloons to decorate the house.
Would you like to help us with that? Flossie and I are preparing dinner.
”
###chapter412
Matthew realized Stella had been working tirelessly in the kitchen and immediately rose to his feet, taking the decorations from Miley’s hands.
Miley beamed at him, saying, “Thank you.
”
With that, she led Flossie into the kitchen.
The menu for dinner that evening was hotpot.
Stella had already taken care of most of the preparations, leaving little for Miley and Flossie to assist with.
‘s BunnyBookery
Soon, the dishes were arranged on the table, and Matthew and Slater joined the others in the dining room.
Stella noticed that Matthew appeared somewhat displeased, perhaps not accustomed to hotpot.
She asked considerately, “Mr.
Clark, is there something else you’d like to eat? I can prepare something different for you.
”
Seeing her perspiring slightly from her efforts, Matthew shook his head and replied, “No need.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella thought he might be avoiding any additional fuss.
As she was about to suggest an alternative, Miley approached with a plate of vegetables and urged, “Why are you standing around? Take a seat and enjoy the meal.
”
She set the plate on the table and gestured for Stella to sit down.
“Tonight’s your night, Stella.
Just savor the delicious food.
I’ll serve everyone.
”
With that, she settled beside Stella.
Seeing that the two available seats next to Stella were already occupied, Matthew pulled out the chair opposite her and took a seat.
Slater observed this closely and followed suit, sitting next to Matthew.
Once they were all seated, Miley offered a plate of beef to Matthew, suggesting, “The beef is fresh.
Would you like to try it? I can cook it for you.
”
She then glanced at Stella, explaining, “If it weren’t for Mr.
Clark, Stella wouldn’t have been cleared of those accusations so quickly.
”
Matthew regarded the plate and furrowed his brow instinctively.
Lowering his gaze, he responded indifferently, “No, thank you.
I’ll pass.
”
Miley set the plate aside.
Slater decided to take matters into his own hands, grabbing a piece of beef and placing it into the pot.
After a brief boil, he devoured it with evident satisfaction.
“I haven’t had hotpot in ages.
This is delicious.
”
Slater’s enthusiastic support brought a smile to Miley’s face.
###chapter413
She proceeded to recommend several other dishes, creating a cheerful atmosphere.
Despite this, Stella couldn’t help but notice that Matthew hadn’t taken a single bite.
She glanced at the mushrooms she had just boiled and hesitated for a moment before offering her plate to Matthew.
“Would you Like some?
They’re delicious.
”
Her hand hovered for a moment, but Matthew remained impassive.
Thinking that he might not be accustomed to hotpot, Stella was about to retract her hand when Matthew spoke up suddenly.
“Is it spicy?”
Stella blinked in surprise, shaking her head quickly.
Matthew accepted the plate, selected a mushroom, and savored it delicately.
Once he finished the mushroom, Stella, still somewhat taken aback, asked, “Would you like to try something else?”
Matthew seemed less resistant now.
He replied softly, “If you think it’s delicious, give me more.
”
Stella nodded in agreement, meticulously selecting each dish before adding it to the pot.
After a brief boil, she handed the plate to Matthew.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The two of them carried on in silence, a subtle understanding developing between them.
Matthew ate with an air of grace, making even the most ordinary dishes appear gourmet in his hands.
Miley, taking advantage of the moment, discreetly snapped a photo of Matthew with her phone.
She glanced at the photo with satisfaction, marveling at Matthew’s down-to-earth demeanor.
Matthew smiled inwardly, savoring each bite.
The food prepared by his wife was undeniably delicious.
After the delightful dinner, Flossie decided to add some sparkle to the evening.
She returned with a bottle of champagne in hand, a gleam of celebration in her eyes.
“Let’s toast to Stella’s remarkable victory in the KlassicLuxe Design Competition.
”
Stella felt slightly bashful at the high-spirited atmosphere Flossie had created, but there was no stopping her now.
###chapter414
With a gracious pour of champagne into everyone’s glass, Flossie raised hers with an exuberant smile.
“Let’s offer a toast to Stella!”
“Cheers!”
“Congratulations!
They proposed a toast to Stella, who responded with a smile.
‘s BunnyBookery
As the night progressed, Slater’s phone buzzed, signaling an urgent call from his assistant.
He rose from his seat, his departure inevitable.
“Stella, I must take my leave now.
You’ve done exceptionally well today, and I’m Looking forward to our next encounter.
”
Recognizing the urgency in his tone, Stella did not detain him.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Thank you.
I’ll continue to work diligently,” she replied politely.
With a courteous nod, Slater took his leave.
Before leaving, he took a deep look at Matthew.
But Matthew did not respond.
Once Slater had left, Stella and Miley decided it was time to tackle the aftermath of their delicious dinner.
They ventured back into the kitchen, rolling up their sleeves to handle the remaining chores.
As Stella reached for a plate to place in the sink, she couldn’t help but notice Miley casting an enigmatic smile in her direction.
“Just spill it,” Stella quipped with a grin, before turning on the tap.
Miley, rubbing her chin thoughtfully, finally revealed her thoughts.
“After tonight, I’ve noticed that Matthew treats you differently.
”
Stella couldn’t help but laugh at Miley’s observant nature.
“Differently? How so?”
“Didn’t you see it? Matthew only eats the dishes you serve him,”
Miley asserted confidently.
“You’re special to him, Stella.
”
Stella chuckled again.
###chapter415
“Don’t read too much into it.
Matthew prefers to keep his distance from strangers.
Since I’m his employee, he probably feels closer to me.
Besides, I’ve told you multiple times that Matthew is a married man, and I have a husband too.
I would never entertain any inappropriate notions about my boss.
”
Stella had stated her position emphatically, putting an end to any further speculation from Miley.
With a resigned sigh, Miley acquiesced, “Fine, I won’t pry into your relationship with Matthew anymore.
But what if, after his divorce, he decides to pursue you? He is so rich and handsome.
What’s more, he often helps you…”
“Enough, Miley!” Stella stopped Miley.
“I can assure you that Matthew and I will never be together.
So, let’s not dwell on it, or it might jeopardize our relationship.
”
Recognizing the seriousness in Stella’s tone, Miley ceased her questioning.
Together, they continued washing the dishes in silence.
Miley sighed again.
“I just can’t help but feel sorry for you, Stella.
You have this abstract relationship with a husband you’ve never even met.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella halted her dishwashing, reflecting for a moment, and then countered softly, “But I did see him at the ball.
”
As she mentioned the evening she had spent dancing with Maverick, she could not help but think of him.
His gentleness and consideration, as well as his deep and magnetic voice, proved that he was not an illusory existence.
A faint blush crept onto her cheeks.
Intrigued by the prospect of her husband, she wondered about his daily Life and work.
The fact that she hadn’t received any messages from him in several days weighed on her mind, leaving her feeling somewhat melancholic.
Clearing her thoughts, Stella decided to send a message to Maverick to inform him of her victory in the design competition.
After all, he had played a significant role in her success.
While Flossie began clearing the table, her attention was drawn to the suit casually dr@ped over the back of Matthew’s chair.
She reached out to retrieve it, but it was swiftly whisked away from her grasp.
Startled, she found herself locking eyes with Matthew, his gaze piercing and intense.
Recognizing his irritation, Flossie quickly mumbled an apology.
“I’m sorry, Mr.
Clark.
I didn’t…”
Matthew ignored her, heading straight for the kitchen.
###chapter416
He addressed Stella.
“I’ll be taking my leave now.
”
Stella paused in her task of rinsing a plate and acknowledged him with gratitude.
“Alright, Mr.
Clark.
Thank you for everything today.
” Seeing the bubbles on her hands, she added hurriedly, “Flossie, help me send Mr.
Clark off.
”
“No need.
” Matthew turned around and left.
Flossie came back to her senses and said to Stella, “I’ll see him off.
”
Matthew left in a hurry.
Flossie hurriedly followed him to the door.
As she stood in front of him, she said in a low voice, “I know who you are.
”
Matthew paused in his tracks, his eyes briefly meeting Flossie’s before he continued on his way.
Flossie quickened her pace to catch up with him, determination in her eyes.
“Are you Tobin?” she asked, her voice tinged with anticipation.
Matthew halted, turning his gaze to Flossie, waiting for her to elaborate.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Drawing closer, Flossie inquired further, “We’ve met before, haven’t we? I felt a sense of familiarity when I saw you.
Just now, I happened to notice the logo inside your suit, which belongs only to Tobin.
”
She gazed at Matthew intently, barely containing her excitement.
Matthew furrowed his brow, glancing towards the villa’s entrance for a brief moment.
After contemplating for a few seconds, he fixed his gaze on Flossie, speaking in a stern tone.
“You can keep that knowledge to yourself.
I don’t want anyone else to know.
”
His voice carried a clear warning.
Flossie nodded vigorously, understanding the gravity of the situation.
Without another word, Matthew opened the car door and took his place in the driver’s seat.
Flossie made a promise under her breath.
“I won’t breathe a word of it to anyone.
”
With that, Matthew closed the car door, signaling his departure.
###chapter417
As she watched his car drive away, Flossie covered her face with her hands, hardly able to believe that Tobin was none other than the enigmatic Matthew.
However, the promise she had made to Matthew weighed heavily on her, preventing her from sharing her newfound knowledge with Stella.
Despite her excitement, Flossie quickly composed herself, humming a tune as she returned to the villa.
Stella and Miley, fresh from their task of washing dishes, made their way to the Living room.
Flossie’s radiant smile was hard to hide.
“What has you in such a good mood?” Stella asked casually.
Flossie shook her head, taking Stella’s hand and thanking her earnestly.
“Stella, thank you for giving me the opportunity to participate in the competition.
I’m truly grateful.
”
Stella smiled warmly.
“You earned this opportunity with your hard work.
Your dedication greatly contributed to our victory.
”
Flossie blushed at the praise but gathered her courage to ask, “Stella, do you think there’s a chance for me to work at Prosperity Group?”
Stella’s thoughts instantly went to Flossie’s recent interaction with Matthew.
She couldn’t help but feel apprehensive, despite knowing Flossie for some time.
She decided to address her concerns.
“Remember, Matthew is a married man.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Flossie, realizing Stella’s concerns, was quick to clarify, “I understand that.
I just want to work alongside you and learn from you.
”
Although Matthew was part of the appeal, Flossie had no intention of pursuing any improper desires.
Relieved, Stella agreed.
“I’ll do my best to help you achieve that.
”
“Thank you, Stella.
” Flossie couldn’t contain her excitement and planted a grateful ki*s on Stella’s cheek.
The following day, Stella arrived at the company and received an unexpected invitation to a meeting.
She couldn’t help but notice the name of the meeting room on the invitation.
It was typically reserved for crucial meetings, making her wonder what had transpired recently.
She didn’t delay her response.
Carrying her notebook, she hurried to the meeting room.
Upon arrival, Stella found the room filled with senior executives from various departments, all of whom wore solemn expressions.
###chapter418
Stella quietly located her designated seat near the head of the table and took her place.
The room fell into an eerie silence.
Matthew, punctual as always, entered the room.
Immediately, the room’s atmosphere grew tense.
Every eye was riveted on him, waiting for what was to come.
Stella’s anxiety mounted as she observed Matthew’s presence.
Matthew finally broke the silence, his voice steady and unwavering.
“There are several important matters to address today.
”
The attendees exchanged furtive glances, uncertainty in their eyes.
Sitting close enough to Matthew to notice the change, Stella couldn’t help but notice the most conspicuous difference-there was a ring adorning his index finger.
Before Stella could fully process the situation, Matthew’s icy voice cut through the air once again, sending a shiver down her spine.
“First, I have a significant personnel announcement to make—Docie Ramos, the head of the design department, has been terminated from her position.
Besides, Prosperity Group will announce what she has done to the public as a warning.
“
As Matthew’s words hung in the air, the entire meeting room descended into a hushed silence, a collective confusion sweeping over its occupants.
It was clear that they were grappling to comprehend the gravity of the situation.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
What had Docie done to provoke such a drastic response from Matthew?
‘s BunnyBookery
The attendees exchanged puzzled glances, wary of uttering a word in the tense atmosphere.
However, Docie refused to accept her fate without a fight.
Standing up abruptly, she challenged, “Mr.
Clark, why have you fired me? Have I made any major errors in my work?”
Matthew regarded her impassively, offering no immediate explanation.
Instead, he motioned to the security guard stationed beside him with an impatient gesture.
His tone was cold and resolute as he ordered, “Escort her out.
”
Docie, unable to fathom the grounds of her dismissal, protested desperately, “Mr.
Clark, if you are letting me go, at least provide a reason.
”
Matthew’s handsome features were etched with impatience and gloom, his expression forbidding further inquiries.
The security guard, taking this as a cue, tightened his grip on Docie and forcibly removed her, disregarding her pleas.
“Mr.
Clark…” Docie was still waiting for a reason.
“Even if I did something wrong, at least give me a chance to make up.
Mr.
Clark…”
###chapter419
Stella, still reeling from the sudden turn of events, could only hear Docie’s pleas for an explanation echoing in her mind.
The meeting room was fraught with tension, and everyone’s expression had soured, with the looming fear that they might be the next to be let go.
In the wake of Docie’s exit, Matthew proceeded with the second announcement, his voice unwavering.
“Effective immediately, Stella Anderson will assume the role of director in the design department.
However, she will continue to support the public relations department as needed.
”
This decision marked Stella’s ascent within the company, elevating her to a position of authority above Lina.
It was an announcement met with mixed reactions among the employees, their jealousy and resentment palpable.
Lina, in particular, seethed with anger and envy.
In addition to jealousy and unwillingness, there was also a trace of dissatisfaction in her heart.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Why could Stella get an exceptional promotion after she just worked in the company for a short of time?
Clenching her fists, Lina trembled with anger and looked terrible.
Stella was taken aback.
She had wanted to decline the offer, but the formal setting of the meeting room discouraged any immediate ions.
She decided to approach Matthew privately after the meeting.
Matthew concluded the meeting with a final proposal.
“Prosperity Group is actively expanding into the fashion industry.
If you have talented designers and models to recommend, do so with enthusiasm.
Successful recommendations will be rewarded.
”
With those words, Matthew rose from his seat, declared, “The meeting is adjourned,” and exited the room.
Stella immediately rose to follow him but was detained by her colleagues.
“Congratulations, Stella.
”
Stella accepted the well-wishes with a warm smile.
“Stella, please put in a good word for our public relations department with Mr.
Clark in the future.
”
She was quickly surrounded by coworkers, each offering their congratulations.
While she navigated the sea of congratulations with grace, her heart raced with unease.
She needed to speak with Matthew.
However, not everyone was genuinely pleased for her.
A few resentful employees couldn’t help but voice their jealousy.
“Docie dedicated many years to this company.
Who would have thought that Mr.
Clark would dismiss her on your account?”
###chapter420
“You certainly have an impressive sponsor.
I wonder who will be next to get the boot.
”
Stella paid little heed to the spiteful comments.
She eventually managed to break free from the crowd and hastened to Matthew’s office.
Knocking on the door, she entered with urgency and confronted Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, why did you fire Docie and promote me? Can you provide a reason?”
Matthew had anticipated Stella’s arrival, and he gestured for her to take a seat as she entered his office.
“Please, have a seat.
I’ll explain everything to you.
”
Stella, eager to understand the circumstances, complied, sitting down with a mixture of curiosity and anxiety.
Matthew posed a question.
“Have you thought about why your design was plagiarized?”
Stella hesitated for a moment.
She had indeed pondered this question the previous night, but she couldn’t pinpoint where she had gone wrong.
Matthew’s inquiry, however, added a layer of complexity to her contemplations.
Could it be…?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew maintained a watchful eye on Stella’s reaction, seeking signs of comprehension.
He nodded at her unspoken realization, confirming, “Yes, your design drawing was stolen by Docie and passed on to Zola.
”
Stella inhaled sharply.
It hadn’t even crossed her mind that the Leak could have originated from within the company.
“As the manager of this company, I cannot tolerate such unethical behavior among our employees, so Docie had to be terminated,” Matthew declared in a composed, businesslike tone.
“I doubt any reputable company would consider hiring a designer with such questionable ethics.
”
Stella found herself accepting this explanation, but she had another burning question.
“But, Mr.
Clark, why have you appointed me to take over Docie’s position?” she inquired cautiously.
Matthew maintained his characteristic air of cool detachment as he explained, “As I mentioned earlier, Prosperity Group’s participation in the KlassicLuxe Design Competition was driven by our quest to identify talented designers.
”
Stella nodded in agreement, trying to grasp the significance of his words.
“Your first-place victory in the competition signifies the market’s recognition of your design skills,” Matthew continued.
###chapter421
“Therefore, you are well-suited to head the design department.
I have also extended invitations to the other two finalists to join Prosperity Group.
”
Stella sighed with relief, finally understanding that Matthew’s decision was based on her merit rather than personal motives.
However, she humbly declined, “Mr.
Clark, I appreciate your trust, but I believe I lack the experience and qualifications for the role of design department head.
I hope you will consider finding a more suitable candidate.
”
Stella held great respect for the significance of this position, and she didn’t want it to be offered casually.
Matthew judged her to be competent based solely on her performance in one competition.
She was worried that his decision was too arbitrary, so she hoped that he could be more careful and think about it.
Matthew, noting her reservations, furrowed his brow but maintained his resolve.
“I believe I have made the right choice.
I have been observing you closely for some time now, and I believe your passion and love for design make you qualified for this role.
”
Before Stella could further plead her case, Matthew interjected, “So, Stella, are you willing to accept this challenge?” His eyes held an expectant glimmer as he awaited her response.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella took a moment to reflect, considering the opportunity to showcase her skills and the trust Matthew had placed in her.
Matthew didn’t press her, giving her enough time to think.
The two of them fell into silence.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After careful thought, she finally nodded and replied, “I am willing to give it a try.
I hope I won’t disappoint you.
”
Having studied design for so many years, she also hoped to have a platform to display her ability.
Since Matthew trusted her, she also wanted to challenge herself.
Matthew’s face broke into a rare smile.
“I have faith in your abilities.
”
As Stella prepared to leave his office, she couldn’t help but admire the beautiful wedding ring on his finger.
She couldn’t resist complimenting him, “Mr.
Clark, your wedding ring is truly exquisite.
”
With those parting words, she exited his office and took a deep breath, feeling a sense of relaxation and relief.
Seeing Matthew wearing a wedding ring meant that his relationship with his wife had deepened, debunking Miley’s claim that he had a romantic interest in her.
With a contented smile, Stella returned to her office desk.
In the meantime, inside his office, Matthew absently rubbed the ring on his finger, Stella’s compliment echoing in his mind.
He contemplated for a moment, pondering how he could present the other ring to Stella as soon as possible.
Just then, a knock at the door interrupted his thoughts.
###chapter422
Before Matthew could respond, the door swung open, and Neville made an entrance with his usual grace.
Matthew lifted his gaze to Neville, his gentle expression instantly morphing into one of cold indifference.
Frowning, he asked, “What are you doing here?”
Neville feigned surprise, retorting, “Why can’t I visit?”
However, his initial pretense quickly gave way to a sinister smile.
“Now that you have a wife at the company, you don’t need your friends anymore.
Prioritizing personal relationships over friendships, are we?”
Matthew, unresponsive to Neville’s teasing, casually picked up a document.
Neville’s growing unease urged him to shift gears.
“I’m here on business.
”
Still, Matthew remained impassive.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Neville sighed dramatically and reminded him, “Your birthday is approaching.
”
At this mention, Matthew’s demeanor shifted.
He paused, then inquired, “What of it?”
Neville, with newfound excitement, continued, “I understand you may not have celebrated it in the past, but this year is different.
Now that your wife has returned, shouldn’t you mark the occasion?”
Observing Matthew lost in thought, Neville extended his idea.
“How about booking a private room and inviting Cordell to join us? It’s been a while since we all hung out together, so let’s enjoy some quality time.
”
With every word Neville uttered, his excitement grew, and he even began sketching out plans.
Matthew, still deep in contemplation, fiddled with his signature pen, wondering how to include Stella in the birthday celebration discreetly.
He mulled over the notion of inviting her as her boss, but he anticipated her refusal.
Yet, he couldn’t discern a better pretext to extend the invitation.
Matthew started to feel a twinge of anxiety.
“What do you think? Is my suggestion alright? If you agree, I’ll arrange to reserve a private room immediately.
” Neville asked with enthusiasm.
Matthew snapped back to the present, Looking at Neville, and nodded.
“Alright.
Just book a restaurant.
”
###chapter423
“I understand,” Neville replied, his excitement evident.
“I’ll get on it right away.
“Wait a moment.
” Matthew halted him, hesitating for a moment before adding, “While you’re at it, inform Stella of the gathering casually.
”
Neville had already grasped Matthew’s underlying intent.
Upon hearing the words, he nearly burst into laughter.
Matthew was indeed a master of subtlety!
Although Neville grumbled inwardly, he readily agreed, saying, “I’ll ensure you’re thoroughly satisfied.
”
With that, Neville swiftly departed for Stella’s office.
Stella was fully engrossed in studying design department materials when she heard a faint cough coming from above.
She raised her head promptly, her surprise evident.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Putting down the document she was reading, she inquired softly, “Mr.
Pierce, how can I assist you?”
Neville cleared his throat and took on a serious tone.
“Matthew’s birthday is approaching, and I’ve decided to organize a surprise party for him.
”
Stella couldn’t fathom why Neville had opted to divulge this information to her, so she maintained a calm demeanor, waiting for further elaboration.
“I’ve heard about the successful party you orchestrated for Shane,”
Neville continued.
“So, I believe you’re the ideal candidate to plan Matthew’s birthday celebration.
”
Neville emphasized her pivotal role.
“I’ll make sure to remunerate you accordingly, in line with the market rate.
”
Stella found Neville’s proposal quite reasonable, considering the possibility of a public relations crisis at Matthew’s birthday party and her responsibility in handling it.
Proactively taking charge of the planning seemed like a prudent approach.
Additionally, given Matthew’s recent support, she felt it was only fitting to reciprocate his trust.
Without a moment’s hesitation, Stella agreed.
“I’ll take care of it.
###chapter424
Mr.
Pierce, please don’t hesitate to reach out if you require any assistance.
”
Neville hadn’t anticipated such a swift acceptance of the task, and he nodded, satisfied.
But he was afraid that Stella would find it was an excuse, so he tried his best to restrain himself from smiling.
“You can start by crafting a plan.
”
“I’m not entirely certain about Mr.
Clark’s preferences.
Could you provide some initial ideas?”
In an inadvertent slip of the tongue, Neville quipped, “Whatever you like, Matthew will appreciate it.
”
“What?” Stella arched an eyebrow, surprised by Neville’s audacious assertion.
Recognizing his blunder, Neville swiftly clarified, “I meant to convey that your expertise in public relations is outstanding.
Even Shane, renowned for being challenging to work with, commended your skills.
Thus, you should trust your instincts and design the celebration according to your preferences.
Matthew is sure to approve.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With that, Neville checked his watch and concluded, “That settles it.
I have other matters to attend to.
I won’t disrupt your work any longer.
”
Stella nodded in acknowledgment, and Neville departed.
After wrapping up her work for the day, Stella decided to make a quick stop at the shopping mall.
Neville’s reminder had jogged her memory-Maverick’s birthday was right around the corner.
She had promised Lucia that she would prepare a gift for him.
Upon reaching the mall, it took Stella a mere five minutes to decide on the perfect gift: a suit.
Maverick was a businessman, frequently attending social events.
Thus, a suit would be a practical and stylish choice.
With her decision made, Stella swiftly entered a nearby suit shop.
The attentive shop assistant greeted her warmly.
“Miss, how can I assist you today? Our suits are all handcrafted.
Could you describe your husband’s usual style, so I can recommend some options for you?”
Stella pondered for a moment, recalling the impression Maverick had left on her.
Based on her mental image of him, she described his style to the shop assistant.
“He’s quite a socialite, so please show me some formal suits.
”
“Of course, this way, please,” the shop assistant responded, leading Stella deeper into the store.
Inside, Stella was met with a wide array of suits, spanning from casual to formal attire, each neatly categorized by style.
###chapter425
Stella was momentarily overwhelmed by the choices before her.
Ultimately, she settled on a striking black and gray suit.
The combination exuded an aura of sophistication, elevating it beyond the standard black suit.
Recalling the close encounter they’d shared while dancing, Stella estimated Maverick’s measurements.
She asked the shop assistant to retrieve a suit in the appropriate size.
With the suit selected and packed, the saleswoman inquired with a smile, “Would you like to add a tie?”
Stella considered the suggestion for a moment before nodding in agreement.
The shop assistant led her to the tie section, where Stella picked out a stylish dark tie.
After completing her purchase, Stella accepted the bag from the shop assistant and left the store, content with her choice.
She attempted to call Maverick while strolling through the mall, but her call went unanswered.
Assuming he was busy, Stella hung up and composed a text message instead.
“Maverick, please reply when you have a moment.
”
Meanwhile, a sleek black Maybach glided through the gates of the Clark family estate before coming to a smooth halt.
Long, purposeful strides carried Matthew out of the car and onto the pavement.
Dressed impeccably in a meticulously tailored suit, Matthew exuded an air of stoic elegance.
After work, Matthew had received a call from Waldo, instructing him to come home for dinner.
He knew that this dinner had more significance than mere sustenance.
As he stepped into the living room, he noticed that Jeremy and Charlene were already present.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Matthew’s back.
” Jeremy greeted him with a faint smile.
Matthew glanced at Jeremy coldly, his eyes devoid of emotion, and he did not offer any response.
Jeremy appeared unfazed, maintaining his friendly demeanor.
“Let’s sit down for dinner,” Waldo said.
The family moved to the dining room, where they partook of their meal in relative silence.
However, the unspoken tension hung heavy in the air, and Matthew was well aware that this tranquility was merely a facade.
If Jeremy and Charlene had no intention, they wouldn’t come back.
After the meal, they returned to the living room.
Waldo broached the main subject.
“Matthew, I’ve reviewed Jeremy’s proposal for the Fairwa land.
It appears to be a sound plan, and I would like you to approve it.
”
###chapter426
Matthew refused with a steadfast demeanor, his voice unwavering.
“I have my own vision for Fairwa.
”
“And what kind of vision do you have in mind? Don’t you think I’m aware of your reasons for refusing?” Waldo, feeling the onset of frustration, retorted sharply.
.
Matthew remained silent, opting not to challenge Waldo given his fragile health.
However, his stance was clear—-Fairwa would not be handed over easily.
Taking a deep breath, Waldo admonished him sternly.
“Matthew, you must remember your identity.
You’re a businessman, and you must consider the greater good.
You cannot afford to be this selfish!”
Matthew’s unyielding silence only fueled Waldo’s growing anger.
His gaze unwavering, Waldo added, “Fairwa is not just Amara’s home.
Furthermore, it’s Amara who does not wish to return to the Clark family!”
‘s BunnyBookery
These words left Waldo struggling to catch his breath, his frailty evident.
Jeremy approached Waldo, attempting to console him.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Grandpa, please don’t get upset.
I understand Matthew’s perspective.
It’s my fault for not consulting with him beforehand.
If he’s not comfortable with it, I’ll explore other development opportunities.
”
Charlene chimed in as well, attempting to pacify her father.
“Dad, let’s not get worked up.
If Matthew disagrees, he must have valid reasons.
”
Although it seemed like they were advocating for Matthew, their words merely added fuel to the fire.
Waldo issued a final directive, allowing no room for Matthew to decline.
“Unless you can provide me with a better plan in the near future, I will proceed with Jeremy’s proposal!”
As Matthew exited the grandeur of the Clark family villa and settled into his car, he couldn’t help but pinch the tense spot between his eyebrows, an indicator of the burdens he carried.
He decided to consult Fernando about a certain matter, but before he could make the call, Stella’s message popped up on his phone.
Intrigued, he opened the message to read its contents.
Upon finishing the text, Matthew stowed away his phone and directed the car towards home, his thoughts consumed by the message.
Upon his arrival, he retreated to his room and donned a voice- changing device.
Once satisfied with the disguise, he dialed Stella’s number, his heart brimming with emotions.
The call connected swiftly, and Stella’s gentle voice filled his ear.
###chapter427
“Have you finished work?”
Her voice had an uncanny way of tugging at his heartstrings.
In a sudden rush of vulnerability, Matthew confessed, “I’ve had a rough day.
”
It was perhaps the first time he’d let his guard down with Stella.
After a few seconds of silence, she inquired with genuine concern, “What happened?”
At that moment, Matthew felt a connection he hadn’t known before, and he revealed his inner turmoil.
“As a businessman, should everything be done solely for profit?”
There was a hint of confusion in Maverick’s voice, and Stella immediately sensed that he was grappling with professional difficulties.
With patience and understanding, she offered guidance.
“Not at all.
‘s BunnyBookery
In any field, it’s crucial to uphold your principles and ethical boundaries.
”
In an effort to draw closer to Maverick and make her words more relatable, Stella recounted an example.
“Just like a colleague of mine, she prioritized her personal interests over the company’s, ultimately causing harm.
As a result, she was terminated and barred from the industry…”
Hearing Stella’s reassuring words, Matthew felt a weight lifted from his shoulders.
He couldn’t help but confide, “Stella, I miss you so much.
”
Stella was momentarily taken aback.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Her time with Maverick had been characterized by his stoic demeanor, void of sweet words.
Yet here he was, sharing his genuine emotions.
Tightening her grip on the phone, Stella lowered her gaze, her heart in turmoil, and struggled to respond.
She didn’t know what to say.
While her relationship with Maverick had improved, it still had a long way to go before they could openly express their feelings.
Stella’s silence prompted Matthew to rethink his impulsive confession, prompting him to steer the conversation back on track.
“So, why did you call me today?”
Stella breathed a sigh of relief at the change of topic.
###chapter428
She replied promptly, “Your grandmother mentioned that your birthday is approaching.
Will you be returning to Seamarsh to celebrate?”
Matthew clenched his fists, trying to contain his overwhelming emotions.
“Unfortunately, I won’t be able to make it this month,” he replied, feigning nonchalance.
Stella’s disappointment was palpable, but she responded with understanding and grace.
“That’s alright.
I just wanted to give you a birthday gift.
If you can’t come back, please share your address, and I’ll send it to you.
”
Matthew’s heart soared at the thought of Stella preparing a gift for him.
It was a clear indication that she hadn’t given up on their marriage, and it filled him with hope.
He still had a chance to make things right.
At this stage, he finally made a big breakthrough.
Elated, he couldn’t help but express his gratitude.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Thank you for preparing a gift for me.
”
As Stella prepared to hang up the call, she shared her recent achievement.
“I won first place in the KlassicLuxe Design Competition, and my boss transferred me to the design department as the department head.
You played a significant role in all of this.
Once you return, I’d Like to treat you to a celebratory dinner.
”
Matthew offered his congratulations and gladly accepted her invitation.
However, beneath the surface, his mood remained heavy and complex.
He knew everything that Stella said, and he even participated in them.
But he participated in these as her boss.
He yearned for the day when he could be more than just her boss, the day he could share in her joys and sorrows as her husband.
But now Stella finally had a good impression of Maverick.
If he appeared abruptly, it would definitely break the hard-won happiness.
Matthew’s mood was heavy and complicated.
When would that day finally arrive?
Two days flew by, and Stella meticulously crafted a birthday plan for Matthew.
It was time to discuss the details with Neville.
“When are you available to meet and go over Mr.
Clark’s birthday party plan?” she asked over the phone.
Neville’s enthusiasm was palpable as he responded, “I’ll send you the address.
You can come over after work tonight.
”
###chapter429
“Sounds good.
”
After concluding their conversation, Stella received a text from Neville, which contained the location of their meeting: Time Restaurant.
She jotted down the address and resumed her work.
When her workday came to a close, she hailed a taxi to the restaurant and inquired about the designated room.
With the waiter’s guidance, Stella ascended the stairs and opened the door to the room, only to be met with a surprising sight.
Sitting inside was none other than Matthew himself.
He wore a crisp white shirt and his penetrating gaze fixed on her as she entered.
Flustered, Stella hurriedly explained, “Mr.
Clark, Mr.
Pierce asked me to meet him here.
I-“
Matthew nodded calmly and interjected, “Neville informed me.
Please, have a seat.
”
Stella blinked, her bewilderment apparent, and she settled into a chair beside Matthew.
With the door closed, the two were left in solitude.
Stella hadn’t expected Matthew to be present, and she was still reeling from the surprise.
She picked up a glass and took a sip of water to collect her thoughts.
Breaking the silence, Matthew said, “Neville mentioned you’ve prepared a plan for my birthday.
Let me see it.
”
“Of course,” Stella responded, setting down her glass.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She retrieved her tablet PC from her bag and opened the document, all the while explaining her thought process.
As she presented her plan, Stella moved closer to Matthew.
Their proximity intensified the atmosphere between them.
“I anticipate that you might invite business partners to your birthday celebration.
Once you provide me with the guest list, I can arrange the seating accordingly…” Stella spoke earnestly, her focus unwavering.
A subtle change overcame Matthew as he savored the fragrance of her hair.
His throat felt parched, and he couldn’t help but grow warm.
Unaware of Matthew’s inner turmoil, Stella continued her presentation.
“We’ll have a section where the cake is rolled out.
Your wife will push the cake forward, and you’ll pop the champagne, symbolizing your affection and elevating the atmosphere to a crescendo.
”
With the plan outlined, Stella straightened up and looked to Matthew, inquiring gently, “Mr.
Clark, what do you think of this birthday plan?”
###chapter430
Matthew felt a pang of disappointment as he observed the distance between them.
He hesitated briefly, preparing to respond when the door swung open.
Neville strode in and said, “Sorry, I’m late.
How’s your talk?”
In walked Neville, exuding an air of nonchalance as he took a seat opposite Stella with crossed legs.
Repeating her plan concisely, Stella noted, “I’ve shared the entire plan with Mr.
Clark, and I’m awaiting his feedback.
”
Neville’s attention drifted to the tablet PC in Stella’s hand, and he raised a quizzical eyebrow.
“Let me take a look.
”
Stella passed the tablet to him, and he perused the document swiftly.
“Your plan is excellent, but Matthew’s wife won’t be able to attend.
”
“Why?” Stella inquired instinctively.
Matthew was still wearing his wedding ring, so why wouldn’t his wife attend such an important event as his birthday?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella found it perplexing.
Neville set the tablet PC aside and glanced at Matthew.
“Matthew’s wife is dedicated to her career.
She hasn’t been in Seamarsh for an extended period, so she genuinely can’t make it.
”
Stella now understood the reason behind Matthew and his wife’s strained marriage.
Both partners were absorbed in their careers, often absent from Seamarsh.
Accepting this explanation, Stella nodded in comprehension.
“In that case, I’ll remove that part of the plan.
Do you have any other suggestions?”
Neville, however, had a different idea.
“No need to remove it,” he declared.
Stella frowned.
“You can push the cake instead.
”
“Me?” Stella was taken aback by the suggestion.
Her hand, which was holding her glass of water, trembled, spilling the contents over Matthew’s attire.
Stella hurriedly retrieved a few tissues, her voice filled with regret.
###chapter431
“I’m sorry, Mr.
Clark.
”
Apologies tumbled from her lips as she averted her gaze, her trembling hands diligently tending to the water stains that marred Matthew’s pants.
Her only focus was on ameliorating the inconvenience she had caused, oblivious to the subtle changes in Matthew’s demeanor.
It wasn’t until her questing hands inadvertently neared a sensitive area of Matthew’s body that she realized the perilous trajectory her actions were taking.
Stella hastily withdrew her hands, her cheeks flushing crimson in embarrassment.
The atmosphere between them grew palpably awkward.
Mercifully, Matthew intervened, extending a hand to accept the tissues as he spoke in a low, hoarse tone.
“I can do this myself.
”
Stella nodded and promptly relinquished the tissues.
“Mr.
Clark, I truly didn’t mean for any of this to happen.
Should I buy you a new pair of trousers?”
“No need,” Matthew declined calmly.
“I have spare clothes in my car.
I’ll just change later.
Let’s talk about business first.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He looked calm, but his heart was beating fast.
Meanwhile, Neville, who had been observing the exchange with an impish grin, interjected teasingly, “Stella, I’m just asking you to bring a cake.
Why are you so flustered?”
Neville’s words only served to deepen Stella’s unease.
Sensing her discomfort, Matthew cast a reproachful glance in Neville’s direction, compelling him to adopt a more serious tone.
“As Matthew’s capable assistant, you should compose yourself in such situations.
If you don’t want to stand out, you can exclude the part of bringing in the cake.
”
He then turned to Matthew, seeking his input.
“Matthew, what do you think?”
Having efficiently attended to the water stains on his trousers, Matthew discarded the tissues casually.
He responded indifferently, “It’s just a birthday.
”
Stella regained her composure, acknowledging her earlier overreaction with a gracious smile.
I can do it.
By the way, Mr.
Clark, when is your …
###chapter432
“It’s coming up this Saturday,” Neville replied promptly.
“Saturday?” Stella’s face lit up with surprise.
“What a coincidence!”
“Oh? What coincidence?” Neville asked, pretending to be interested.
Stella looked down shyly.
“My husband’s birthday is also on Saturday.
”
“Would you look at that? What a coincidence!” Neville chimed in, giving Matthew a playful look.
Matthew coughed awkwardly.
Stella regained her composure and realized her slip.
She put away her tablet and said, “Then I’ll modify the plan and confirm with you later.
”
“Okay,” Neville replied in a cheerful tone.
After Stella left, Matthew expressed his dissatisfaction with Neville’s arrangement, asking, “Why didn’t you tell me in advance that Stella would be here? I was unprepared and the situation was embarrassing.
”
Neville chuckled and responded, “I thought you could use more interaction with Stella, and she promised to attend your birthday.
Aren’t you happy?”
Matthew gave him a cold glance, then stood up and exited the room.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Neville followed him to the car right after.
He fastened his seatbelt and offered, “I don’t have any plans today.
I can accompany you.
”
“Shut up! Be quiet!” Matthew warned playfully as he started the car.
During the drive, Neville sensed Matthew’s irritation and wisely chose to remain silent, engrossing himself with his mobile phone.
When the car finally arrived at a villa on the outskirts of Seamarsh, Neville couldn’t resist asking, “What are you doing here?
Neville was bewildered.
Matthew hadn’t been to this small villa for many years.
Why did he suddenly come here today?
Matthew didn’t respond but got out of the car.
Neville wanted to find out the reason, so he immediately got out of the car and followed him.
Matthew headed straight for the villa’s gate, where a parcel box sat beside the mailbox.
“Who sent you this package?” Neville inquired with curiosity.
###chapter433
“It’s none of your concern,” Matthew retorted coldly before proceeding to open the package.
Inside, he discovered a gray-black suit.
Before Matthew could say anything, Neville furrowed his brows and commented, “Who sent you a gray suit? Don’t they know it’s your least favorite color?”
As soon as he finished speaking, he noticed Matthew’s displeased expression.
Through clenched teeth, Matthew replied, “Stella.
”
Neville was momentarily taken aback, then let out a chuckle.
“Your wife doesn’t understand you as well as I do.
”
Matthew paid no attention to him, carefully unfolding the suit.
His voice softened as he said, “I like everything she gives me.
”
Neville felt a mixture of surprise and exasperation.
‘s BunnyBookery
Shaking his head, he teased, “Matthew, you’re completely smitten.
Stella has you wrapped around her finger.
”
Time flew by, and soon, Saturday came.
Stella arrived early at Seamarsh Restaurant with a group of people to prepare and decorate the venue for Matthew’s birthday celebration.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Evie rushed over with a look of anxiety on her face.
“Stella, I forgot to bring the cake, and I have an urgent matter to attend to.
What should we do?”
Stella inquired calmly, “Have you reached out to the bakery? Ask their shop assistant to deliver it here.
”
“I’ve reached out to them, but unfortunately, one of their employees is sick today, and the shop is short-staffed.
” Evie was so frazzled that a thin sheen of sweat began to form on her forehead.
Stella tried not to panic.
She glanced at her watch and pressed her lips together.
“I’ll go fetch it.
If Mr.
Clark arrives, please do your best to keep him occupied for a while.
”
Then, she rushed out of the restaurant.
At the same moment, Matthew and Neville had just arrived at the restaurant.
###chapter434
The pair stepped out of the car, and in an instant, Neville noticed Stella in a rush.
“Stella!”
Stella turned her gaze to the source of the voice and spotted Matthew and Neville, which made her slightly anxious.
Nevertheless, she approached them and extended a warm greeting…
“Where are you off to in such a rush?” Neville inquired curiously.
Stella responded truthfully, “I forgot to pick up the cake.
I need to head to the bakery to pick it up.
Please, take Mr.
Clark and go on ahead.
”
Neville stopped her and turned to Matthew.
“Matthew, why don’t you go with her? It’s your birthday, and this way, you can check the cake beforehand.
If there’s anything wrong, you can make changes right away.
”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.
” Stella shook her head.
“I can manage it on my own.
The guests will be arriving shortly, and Mr.
Clark needs to attend to them.
”
“It’s no trouble at all.
I’m familiar with all of Matthew’s guests.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
I can keep them engaged.
” Neville waved his hand and reassured her.
As Stella continued to hesitate, Neville added persuasively, “Matthew’s car is right here.
It would save some time if he gives you a ride to the bakery.
”
He gently nudged Matthew, telling him to take a hint.
Matthew grasped the intention behind Neville’s gesture and smacked his lips.
“Come on, let’s hurry.
Get in the car.
”
He pivoted around and settled into the driver’s seat.
Meanwhile, Neville assisted in opening the passenger door.
At this point, Stella found it hard to decline and reluctantly stepped into the car.
The car reached the cake shop shortly thereafter.
The shop assistant retrieved the cake and inquired, “Sir, ma’am, here’s the cake you requested.
Please confirm the order, and I‘UL pack it afterwards.
”
Stella glanced at Matthew and asked in a hushed tone, “So.
Matthew hummed, nodding.
Stella let out a sigh of relief and then turned to the shop assistant with a smile, saying, “Please go ahead and pack it for us, and if you could provide a birthday hat as well, that would be wonderful.
Thank you.
”
###chapter435
“Alright.
” The shop assistant retrieved the packaging box and smiled.
“You and your boyfriend look so sweet.
”
Stella was taken aback, and just as she was about to refute the assumption, Matthew interjected, “How did you guess that we’re a couple?”
He appeared nonchalant, but it made him a little happy.
The shop assistant was a little confused at the question, but she responded candidly, “She knew what kind of cake you’d like.
Most of the time, couples understand each other even without words.
”
Stella quickly waved her hand and clarified, “No, no.
He’s actually my boss.
”
“What?” The shop assistant felt looked red in the face.
“I’m truly sorry.
I jumped to conclusions because you two seemed like a perfect match.
”
She cautiously handed over the packaged cake to them.
As Stella was reaching for the cake, Matthew took it first.
He swiftly turned and made his way out.
Stella couldn’t help but notice that he appeared somewhat upset.
Not figuring out why, she decided not to dwell on it further.
The trip back to the restaurant was a little gloomy.
They didn’t exchange a single word throughout the entire drive.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella trailed closely behind her boss, her hand clutching her bag.
She looked hesitant.
Could this be the right time to give him her gift?
With no one else around, Stella wanted to be the first one to give him her present.
After a brief moment of hesitation, she stopped Matthew at the doorway.
Matthew came to a halt and turned around.
“What’s wrong?”
“I… I have something for you.
” Slowly, she opened her bag.
Just as Stella was about to reveal the gift, the door to the private room swung open, and an unfamiliar young woman approached them with evident excitement.
“Matthew, It’s been a while! We finally meet again!”
###chapter436
Stella’s hand that was clutching the gift came to an abrupt halt.
She discreetly glanced at Matthew and noticed that he too appeared puzzled.
The woman was adorned in a lilac-colored dress that elegantly accentuated her gracefully slender silhouette.
Standing before Matthew, she wore a sweet smile and asked, “Why are you looking at me like that? Don’t you recognize me? I’m Kaia Lyons.
”
Matthew furrowed his brow and remained silent, as though deep in thought.
In the face of Matthew’s apparent indifference, Kaia maintained her composure and persisted in her attempts to jog his memory.
“My grandfather is Asher Lyons.
He used to take me to visit your grandfather when I was quite young.
”
She paused, delicately touching her own face, and added, “Have I changed so much over the years while I was studying abroad? Don’t you remember?”
Upon hearing her words, Matthew struggled to recollect any semblance of familiarity with her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He inquired in an indifferent tone, “What brings you here?”
Kaia smiled and replied, “To celebrate your birthday, of course!
Everyone else is here, except for you.
”
As she spoke, she made a motion as if she was about to take hold of Matthew’s arm.
Stella was stunned when she witnessed this gesture.
Given that Kaia was acquainted with Matthew and their families had been friends, she should have been aware that Matthew was a married man.
How could she show such intimacy?
Stella swiftly interjected with a loud question.
“Mr.
Clark, would you like to bring the cake inside now?”
Kaia was surprised to hear a voice from behind.
She looked over Matthew’s shoulder and found Stella.
She gazed up at Matthew and inquired softly, “Who is she?”
Matthew averted his gaze with an air of indifference.
He refrained from responding to Kaia’s question and stepped away from her.
Observing his behavior, Kaia was taken aback and grew increasingly curious about Stella’s identity.
Stella felt a touch of nervousness creeping in.
###chapter437
She was uncertain about Matthew’s attitude towards Kaia.
The thought that her recent question might have exacerbated the situation filled her with unease.
Meeting Matthew’s gaze with determination, Stella gathered her courage and asked once more, “Would you like to bring the cake inside? Or perhaps in a little while?”
“It’s up to you,” Matthew answered.
“Did you have something to give me just now?”
There was a subtle hint of anticipation concealed in his voice.
Stella blinked twice, but then she pulled out a gift box from her bag.
“I hope you’ll find it to your liking.
”
Matthew raised his eyebrows.
The gift box was elegantly wrapped, and Matthew unwrapped it, revealing a pen nestled inside.
Matthew smiled, closed the box once more, and lifted his gaze to meet Stella’s.
“Thank you.
I like it very much.
” His low voice resonated with delight as he spoke.
“Let’s head inside.
”
Stella nodded.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Meanwhile, Kaia was completely ignored.
She observed their interaction in silence, and a pang of jealousy welled up within her.
She was genuinely stunned by how Matthew acted towards the woman before her.
In her memory, Matthew was always aloof and indifferent to everyone.
Who the hell was this woman?
Kaia’s thoughts were in disarray, but she realized that pressing for answers might lead to more complications.
She echoed Matthew’s sentiment, saying, “Neville and I have made all the preparations.
Let’s head inside.
”
Matthew cast a chilly glance in her direction but continued to disregard her presence.
Stella offered silent praise to Matthew.
Indeed, Matthew appeared to be a man of virtue.
Even without his wife, he remained unwavering in his devotion and didn’t pay attention to other women.
In the presence of such an attractive woman, he remained composed and unruffled.
This loyalty makes him a cut above the rest.
Stella and Matthew walked into the room together.
Kaia soon walked in after them.
###chapter438
Matthew took a seat beside Neville as Stella placed the cake on the table.
His smile instantly dropped as soon as he spotted Kaia sitting in the chair opposite him.
“What is Kaia doing here?” Matthew leaned closer to Neville and asked.
“You weren’t the one who invited her?” Neville faced Matthew, a shocked look on his face.
Matthew’s expression darkened.
He was going to say something but the waiter started serving the food.
Matthew hardly celebrated his birthday, and this time, he only invited a few friends.
Cordell sat beside Matthew.
“The place looks great,” he said, taking short glances around the room.
“But Matthew, why are you suddenly celebrating your birthday? You haven’t actually celebrated it in years.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew opened his mouth to say something but was immediately cut off by Neville.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Neville stole a glance at Stella.
Cordell chuckled softly, immediately getting the point.
Matthew remained silent.
It was hard to read him with how silent and distant he was being.
At that moment, his phone suddenly vibrated.
Lucia had texted him.
“I prepared dinner for you, so make sure to make it tonight for dinner.
”
Matthew glanced at Stella and texted back, “I’m going to celebrate my birthday with my wife this year.
”
Once he sent the text, he placed a small gift box on the table.
Neville stared curiously at the box.
“Wow, who sent it? It looks so pretty.
”
Neville reached his hand out to pick the box up, but was swatted away by Matthew.
“What? I just want to see it up close! It’s just a small gift, dude.
Why are you being so mean?”
Matthew sent him a sharp glare.
###chapter439
“Stella gave it to me.
”
Neville raised his eyebrows sarcastically at Matthew.
“Oh now I see.
Your wife gave it to you.
I’ll leave it for you then.
”
Matthew glared at him again.
He looked like he was seconds from chopping his head off.
Neville pressed on, pissing Matthew off more.
“She’s so thoughtful though, giving you two presents.
”
He had just gotten a suit from her a few days ago and now this?
Stella came over and asked, “What do you mean by two gifts?”
Matthew glared dangerously at Neville.
‘s BunnyBookery
Neville’s eyes widened; he wasn’t expecting her to hear that.
“Are you singing a birthday song for Matthew? I’ll help you put the candles in,” he said, quickly changing the topic.
“Turn off the lights, Stella.
” He took all the candles from her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella immediately forgot her question and walked to the switch.
Neville sighed in relief.
Thank God he was able to get out of that.
He placed the candles in the cake, lighting them as quickly as he could.
Once he was done, he began to walk to Matthew.
They all sang as they celebrated him happily.
“Happy birthday to you.
.
“Make a wish!” Neville yelled as the song ended.
Matthew just stared at the cake in response.
“Come on, Mr.
Clark.
Make a wish!” Stella said as she watched him expectantly.
Matthew looked at her and finally leaned forward to close his eyes and make his wish.
The light from the candle reflected on his face, defining his features and making him look extra perfect.
Stella was lost in her own thoughts as she stared deeply at his face.
###chapter440
What was he going to wish for?
Moments later, Matthew reopened his eyes and casually commanded, “Turn on the light.
”
“What wish did you make?” Neville inquired in a teasing tone.
He hadn’t forgotten Matthew’s initial reluctance to make a wish.
His reluctance only vanished when Stella encouraged him.
Neville suspected that whatever wish Matthew made, it was likely tied to Stella.
Neville was amused at the thought.
Matthew returned his curiosity with an icy stare.
“Do you usually go around sharing your wishes?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Caught off guard, Neville fell silent.
“They say that wishes won’t come true if you do,” Stella interjected, smiling.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Mr.
Clark, you can cut the cake now.
Then she handed the knife to Matthew.
Smirking, Neville leaned in to whisper to Matthew.
“No wonder she’s your wife.
She’s just like you.
”
Matthew offered a rare smile, then reverted to his stern demeanor.
“Enough talk,” he warned.
Neville rolled his eyes and complained inwardly.
Matthew focused on cutting the cake and then handed Stella the first piece.
His was a simple natural gesture, but the presence of so many people made Stella blush involuntarily.
She quickly waved her hand and declined hastily, “The first slice should go to Mr.
Pierce.
He was the main organizer of this party.
I only assisted him.
”
Matthew scoffed.
“He talks too much to deserve the first piece.
Take 560
He handed the cake to Stella again.
###chapter441
Left with no room for refusal, Stella accepted the slice.
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew c@@ked his head and handed Neville the knife.
“Cut the rest of the cake and distribute it to everyone.
”
Afterward, he took his seat.
Neville chuckled, reluctantly taking the knife in his hand.
Then, he looked up at Matthew who had a blank expression.
“Fine, I’ll cut it.
”
Stella, lost in the richness of her cake, didn’t even notice.
Every bite felt like heaven.
It was very sweet and delicious.
Before long, she finished off her treat.
She put the plate aside and wiped her mouth with a tissue.
Then, she found that Kaia staring at her.
Stella blinked.
Seeing a slice of cake untouched in front of Kaia, she asked with a smile, “This cake is delectable.
Why don’t you try it?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Kaia answered gracefully, “I must maintain my figure.
You can indulge.
”
She then stood up and raised her glass to Matthew, saying, “Matthew, since it’s your birthday, let me propose a toast.
”
Matthew glanced at her but remained silent.
That made the atmosphere a little awkward.
Neville quickly intervened, raising his glass as well.
“The cake is served.
Let’s raise our glasses and celebrate.
”
Matthew seemed disinterested until Stella also lifted her glass.
Reluctantly, he joined the toast.
They clinked glasses.
Stella wasn’t used to drinking hard liquor and soon felt tipsy.
The party was in full swing by then.
###chapter442
She didn’t want to get drunk on such an occasion, so she walked to Matthew and said, “It’s late, Mr.
Clark.
I should head home.
”
Matthew stood up and picked up his coat.
“I’ll drive you back.
”
Stella was a bit surprised and declined politely, “Thank you, but the party isn’t over yet, and you’re the guest of honor.
You can’t leave your own party.
”
Seeing Matthew’s displeased expression, she added, “Plus, you’ve been drinking, so it’s not safe for you to drive.
I’ll just take a taxi.
”
“I have a chauffeur,” Matthew reminded.
Still hesitant, Stella was about to decline again when Matthew interjected, “Besides, there’s something we need to discuss.
”
All at once, his tone became serious.
She nodded, “In that case, thank you.
”
Stella trailed behind Matthew as they exited the room.
Observing their departure, Neville arched an eyebrow and sidled up to Cordell.
He murmured, “I suspect Matthew isn’t going to come back.
”
“I think so too,” Cordell replied, nodding contemplatively.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Both men exchanged knowing smiles and toasted their glasses.
After leaving the restaurant, Stella stayed close to Matthew, following him from behind.
She covertly stole glances at him, feeling increasingly uneasy.
She meticulously reviewed the day’s events, finding nothing amiss.
So, what precisely did Matthew intend to discuss with her?
The answer eluded her.
Engrossed in her thoughts, she realized they had already reached the parking lot.
Matthew’s on-call chauffeur had yet to arrive.
Waiting, they stood there in awkward silence.
Stella gave a strained smile and scanned her surroundings.
Across the street was a food market.
Her eyes were instantly drawn to a dessert shop on the opposite side.
###chapter443
The shopkeeper was baking muffins, the sweet aroma of which wafted straight into Stella’s nostrils.
She patted her empty stomach, mouth almost watering.
Finally, Matthew made up his mind about revealing the truth.
But just as he mustered the courage to confess his feelings, he noticed Stella’s distraction.
He followed her gaze and squinted.
“Would you like some?”
Matthew’s sudden question startled Stella.
With a straightforward expression, he repeated, “Would you like a muffin?”
Stella felt somewhat embarrassed that her desires were so transparent.
Although the birthday celebration had a well-stocked table, it was filled with strangers.
Matthew was also there, so she had spent most of the time watching him.
Other than cake, she hadn’t eaten much.
She was genuinely hungry at this point.
Stella nodded, “Yes, I’d like one.
”
Matthew studied her for a moment and nodded.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Wait here.
I’ll go buy some.
Before Stella could , Matthew was already crossing the street.
After a few strides, Matthew took a deep breath.
Nervousness coursed through his veins.
If Stella had declined the muffin, he would have used the opportunity to reveal that he was Maverick.
However, in this moment of clarity, his nerves got the better of him.
He had planned to disclose his true identity on the day they celebrated his birthday together.
He envisioned sharing his future with Stella in a life filled with joy.
He didn’t want to concoct elaborate excuses or ask other people for help to celebrate his birthday with her.
But she always saw him as her boss.
Would she accept the truth if he told her right there and then?
Matthew was mildly frustrated.
He wrestled with how to phrase his confession.
###chapter444
How could he break the news without angering her?
What words should he choose?
He sighed softly.
This was proving more challenging than any task he’d ever faced at work.
Meanwhile, Stella stood still, watching Matthew’s receding figure.
She was still a little surprised.
Why had Matthew personally gone to buy her a muffin?
Should she follow him or not?
Just as she was grappling with her decision, a car suddenly sped to them.
The headlights were blinding.
Stella instinctively raised her hand to shield her eyes, but then noticed the car seemed to be heading straight for Matthew.
Her heart skipped a beat.
She sprinted towards Matthew, yelling at the top of her lungs, “Mr.
Clark! Watch out!”
The car accelerated and crashed into the dessert shop where Matthew was located.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Mr.
Clark!” Stella shouted, her heart pounding violently.
But even at her fastest sprint, she couldn’t reach Matthew in time.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Suddenly, a deafening gunshot echoed, followed by a loud “bang” as one of the car’s tires burst.
Stella instinctively covered her ears and dropped to the ground.
The vehicle lurched, and its speed dropped significantly.
Then, another gunshot popped the remaining tire, rendering the car immobile.
Stella sat there in shock, still trying to process what had just happened.
On the opposite side of the car, both tires were flat.
A man dressed in black and wearing a cap hastily exited the vehicle, cursing under his breath as he made a run for it.
As he fled, several men in black suits chased after him, scattering the panicked pedestrians on the street.
Stella’s heart continued to race.
After all, the car almost hit Matthew.
Gradually, she regained her composure and, with a dazed expression, verified that Matthew was unharmed.
With relief flooding over her, she rushed to his side.
###chapter445
Her vision was a little blurry.
She held Matthew’s arms tightly to make sure that he was really safe.
Then she collected herself.
Tears welled up in her eyes.
She tried to speak, but no words escaped her trembling Lips.
Matthew’s expression darkened, and his heart ached at the sight of her distress.
He pulled Stella closer to him, comforting her in a hushed …
“I‘m fine, Stella.
I’m perfectly fine.
”
While consoling Stella, he kept an eye on the two fleeing men.
He looked away indifferently and stared at the scrapped car without a license.
His face darkened.
This was no accident.
Someone had deliberately tried to harm him.
If it weren’t for Jeremy’s situation and the security measures he had put in place for Stella, both of them could have been seriously injured tonight.
Stella continued to sob uncontrollably in his arms, her fear palpable.
Matthew’s concern deepened, and he gently whispered, “It’s okay.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
There’s nothing to be afraid of.
”
Despite his reassurances, Stella couldn’t immediately calm down.
She continued trembling and remained unable to speak.
Her grip on Matthew’s clothing was unwavering, and she repeated his name like a mantra.
Matthew observed her trembling hand in silence, then slowly enveloped it with his own.
Her fingers were icy cold.
He cradled her hand in his palms and uttered softly, “I won’t die.
”
Stella raised her head, her gaze unfocused.
Matthew offered her a small smile and said in an even gentler tone, “Don’t you want a muffin? Let’s go get one.
”
Stella was roused by the warmth of his hand.
She regained her composure, noticing their intimate position, and promptly withdrew her hand, trying to appear collected.
“No, thank you.
Let’s go back quickly.
This place doesn’t seem safe.
”
As she spoke, she suppressed the emotions welling up in her heart.
Just moments ago, she had been genuinely fearful that Matthew might be fatally struck by the car, and her heart had ached uncontrollably.
###chapter446
Stella shook her head, attempting to dispel these emotions.
At that moment, a car horn blared, and a sleek luxury vehicle pulled up in front of them.
Stella, still in a state of fright, instinctively took a step back.
The car’s door swung open, and Stella felt relief wash over her as she recognized Fernando.
Fernando stepped out of the car and approached Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, I’m here to pick you up.
”
Matthew nodded, and both he and Stella got into the car.
Inside the car, Matthew handed Stella a bottle of water.
She accepted it and softly expressed her gratitude.
She took several sips to calm her panic and unease.
Once she had fully composed herself, Stella suddenly remembered something Matthew had mentioned before the incident.
She asked, “Mr.
Clark, did you have something to discuss with me earlier?”
Surveying her puzzled expression, Matthew took a moment to contemplate before responding, “Nothing.
I intended to talk about work, but for now, it’s best if you head back and get some rest.
We can discuss it at the office.
”
Hearing this, Stella nodded and didn’t press for more details.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew glanced at her from the corner of his eye and slowly drummed his fingers on his leg.
Initially, he had planned to confide in Stella that his birthday wish was to take her home.
However, given the ongoing opposition they faced, Matthew realized that revealing his identity prematurely could jeopardize Stella’s safety.
A furrow appeared on Matthew’s brow, and a resolute look flashed in his eyes.
After dropping Stella off at her home and watching her close the front door, Matthew instructed Fernando to drive away.
The car was stationed at the entrance of his estate, where Neville was already awaiting his arrival.
Upon hearing about the grave car accident, Neville had immediately rushed over.
As Matthew alighted from the car, Neville quickly approached him, asking anxiously, “Why did this occur right after you left? Were you and Stella injured?”
Matthew shook his head.
“Have you identified the culprit?” Neville inquired with a worried Look.
Matthew’s expression darkened as he responded in a low voice, “Not yet.
”
###chapter447
Just then, the bodyguard assigned to protect Stella hurried over, panting.
“Mr.
Clark.
” He greeted Matthew respectfully.
Matthew nodded, signaling for him to continue.
The bodyguard methodically detailed the situation.
“Both you and Stella were targeted by the assailants.
They perhaps didn’t anticipate you separating briefly.
You happened to be walking on the road, making you the initial target.
”
Matthew paused briefly before asking, “Did you apprehend the person responsible?”
“He’s been captured and is under interrogation, but he’s refusing to speak,” the bodyguard reported.
Matthew remained silent, visualizing a gruesome scenario in his mind, his heartbeat accelerating.
He issued a stern command.
“Don’t let that man die before he confesses.
”
Matthew’s visage grew even darker.
Who could possibly want him dead? Jeremy? Or perhaps Charlene?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Regardless, he knew he needed to proactively invest in the Fairwa project.
Only by successfully managing Prosperity Group could he adequately safeguard Stella.
Neville gestured for the bodyguard to leave.
After his departure, Neville shared in a grave tone, “It appears that keeping your relationship with Stella a secret is crucial for her well-being.
”
Matthew shot him a cold glance, “I’m aware.
”
Despite saying this, he felt a tinge of regret.
When Kaia found out about Matthew’s near-miss, she hastily scheduled a meeting with Charlene once the birthday party ended.
As soon as she saw Charlene, she blurted out, “Why did you act so rashly? Do you realize how frightened I was?”
Charlene observed her for a moment before chuckling.
“Don’t worry.
I have no intention of harming him.
”
“You haven’t harmed him yet? Matthew was nearly killed!” Kaia yelled.
Charlene smirked dismissively.
###chapter448
“That was merely a warning.
”
She turned to Kaia and said icily, “I’m punishing you for returning so late.
”
Kaia’s heart skipped a beat.
She knew Charlene was not to be trifled with.
Composing herself, Kaia poured Charlene a glass of red wine.
“I wanted to return sooner too, but you needed to give me a legitimate reason to do so, correct?”
Charlene stared at her silently.
‘s BunnyBookery
Her gaze made Kaia to break out into a cold sweat.
However, Charlene soon looked away.
She swirled the wine glass and smiled, “Indeed.
I’m looking forward to your performance.
”
Taking a sip, she set the glass down on the table, patted Kaia on the shoulder, and whispered, “Don’t try to deceive me.
Remember, I’m well aware of your sordid affairs.
Any one of them could ruin you.
”
Kaia shuddered, yet could only muster a forced smile.
“I know what I must do.
”
As Stella walked into the room, Miley emerged from the dining area holding a glass of water.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Upon seeing Stella’s ashen face, she became alarmed, quickly setting down the glass to inquire, “Stella, you look sick.
Weren’t you at Matthew’s birthday celebration? What happened?”
Miley assisted Stella to the couch and checked her temperature.
Gripping Miley’s hand firmly, Stella explained, “I’m okay.
As Matthew and I were leaving the hotel, a car unexpectedly rammed in his direction.
”
“What? That’s horrific!” Miley exclaimed.
“Is he all right?”
Stella shook her head.
“He’s fine.
His bodyguards were close by and managed to shoot out the car’s tires.
Unfortunately, the perpetrators fled.
”
“Good heavens! How could something like this happen?” Miley’s skin was ridden with goose bumps.
“Have they been apprehended?”
“I don’t know,” Stella responded Listlessly.
###chapter449
Sensing Stella’s continued shock, Miley consoled her, “Matthew’s lifestyle naturally attracts enemies.
They probably tried to intimidate him, warning him that he should be more cautious in the future.
”
Stella pressed her lips together and admitted softly, “Miley, I was terrified.
I thought Matthew was going to die.
”
Miley escorted her upstairs, advising, “Don’t dwell on it.
Take a warm bath and get some rest.
Tomorrow is will be better.
”
Stella squeezed Miley’s hands and nodded her agreement.
Back in her room, Stella pondered briefly before reaching for her phone.
She texted Maverick about the evening’s events through text messages.
Thinking he might misunderstand, she added, “Matthew is a good boss.
I’d be sad if anything happened to him.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Maverick replied instantly.
Stella was surprised.
It was the first time he had responded so soon.
Maverick eased her worries by reminding her of Matthew’s capabilities and how well he could handle things.
Reading her husband’s message, Stella felt assured.
When she was thinking about how to reply, she received another message from Maverick.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Thank you for the birthday gift.
I’ll wear it when I return to Seamarsh.
”
His appreciation made Stella smile.
The next day, a luxurious minivan parked outside Prosperity Group’s entrance.
Emerging from the vehicle with her assistant’s help, Kaia glanced at the building and smiled.
Upon reaching the reception desk, Kaia discarded her sunglasses, instructing, “Tell Matthew I need to speak with him.
”
The receptionist took note of Kaia’s fancy attire.
She was dressed in top brands from head to toe.
Moreover, she addressed Matthew intimately.
The receptionist couldn’t dare ignore her presence.
She guided Kaia to a VIP room.
“Ma’am, please wait here.
I’ll inform Mr.
Clark.
”
“Make it quick,” Kaia urged.
She didn’t have to wait long.
Soon, the doors swung open Matthew entered the room.
His face remained expressionless as he regarded Kaia.
Kaia bit her lip and blushed.
###chapter450
“Matthew, I apologize for arriving unannounced.
”
“What brings you here?” Matthew queried, his tone uninviting Despite his coldness, Kaia maintained her enthusiasm.
“I heard Prosperity Group is seeking a lead model.
I’d like to audition.
”
Matthew dismissed her casually.
“You shouldn’t have bothered me for such a minor thing.
”
“Matthew.
” Kaia confidently took a step closer.
She smiled coquettishly, her voice was sweet and soft.
“We know each other well.
Couldn’t you make an exception?”
He curtly declined, “No.
”
Kaia froze.
She didn’t expect that Matthew would reject her without hesitation.
She glared at the assistant beside her and said, “I told you Matthew wouldn’t like this.
Why did you push me to come here?”
“It’s my mistake.
I misjudged the situation,” her assistant conceded, forcing a smile.
Matthew ignored their exchange.
He placed a call and when he hung up, he said, “If you wish to audition, go through the proper channels.
I’ll have the design department director meet you.
”
Sensing an opportunity, Kaia smiled again, “Thank you, Matthew.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew remained silent.
Moments later, Stella entered the room.
Spotting Kaia, she looked surprised but greeted Matthew first.
“Hello, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew nodded, instructing, “Kaia wants to audition for the lead model role at Prosperity Group.
See if she has what it takes.
”
A little taken aback to see Stella, Kaia nonetheless greeted her.
As Matthew walked away, Kaia called after him, “Matthew, I won’t take up more of your time.
Let’s catch up soon.
”
He departed without saying a word.
Stella felt a twinge of unease.
###chapter451
Her intuition told her that Kaia had feelings for Matthew, and that she would be a difficult person to handle.
The moment Matthew exited, Stella wasted no time in introducing herself.
“Greetings, Miss Lyons.
I serve as the director of the design department; my name is Stella Anderson.
”
Kaia’s smile faded as she looked at Stella with an air of contempt.
“Draft a contract with Prosperity Group on my behalf,” she commanded.
Stella didn’t expect Kaia’s attitude to change so quickly.
She was caught off guard.
Stella paused for a moment.
Regaining her composure, she continued to smile professionally.
“Miss Lyons, while your appearance and aura are certainly appealing, it’s essential for you to try on our designs to ensure compatibility.
Kaia scoffed, “I don’t have the luxury of time to go through each piece of clothing.
”
She surveyed Stella from head to toe, adding condescendingly, “You should probably acquaint yourself with my reputation before speaking to me.
”
Unperturbed by Kaia’s haughty tone, Stella replied in a civil manner, “Given your busy schedule, I can coordinate with your assistant regarding a convenient time for you to visit Prosperity Group for an interview.
”
Kaia’s expression soured at Stella’s unyielding tone.
Around them, colleagues from the design department started to notice the tense exchange.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Suppressing her anger, Kaia maintained her public image with a forced smile.
She had noted at the birthday party the previous evening that Matthew and Stella were not just ordinary colleagues.
Matthew valued her input highly.
Putting on a stern expression, Kaia warned, “You’ll see what I can do.
”
With that, she walked out of the meeting room, her posture exuding arrogance.
Stella offered a polite nod.
“You’re always welcome at Prosperity Group.
”
Once Kaia was out of sight, Stella’s smile disappeared.
Devyn Padilla, an assistant, approached Stella, showing her the phone nervously.
“Kaia has a significant following in the international modeling scene and has appeared in numerous high-profile shows.
”
Stella glanced at her phone but said nothing.
Devyn grew more anxious.
###chapter452
“What if she decides not to come?”
Stella reassured her, “Don’t fret.
I have several viable alternatives.
”
She recalled a promising model, number 18, from the KlassicLuxe Design Competition and considered reaching out.
Additionally, Flossie had expressed interest in joining Prosperity Group.
While these two might not possess Kaia’s experience, their potential was equally promising.
At eight o’clock that evening, as Matthew was preparing to leave work, he received a call from Lucia.
Assuming it was urgent, he picked up immediately.
“Grandma, what’s the matter?”
“Matthew, did you meet with Kaia today? She’s Asher’s granddaughter,”
Lucia inquired cautiously.
Upon hearing Kaia’s name, Matthew frowned.
“Yes.
What about it?”
Lucia sounded hesitant.
“Today, Asher brought her to see your grandfather.
During their conversation about a prospective job with Prosperity Group, Kaia claimed you failed her in the interview.
”
Matthew’s eyes narrowed, a flicker of annoyance crossing his face.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He hadn’t anticipated that Kaia would involve his grandparents over something so trivial.
“Prosperity Group doesn’t accommodate those who seek employment through nepotism,” he declared coldly.
“Matthew, I understand, but the Clark and Lyons families have been allies for generations.
Would you do me this favor?” Lucia pleaded.
“Furthermore, Kaia is highly experienced and seems keen on joining Prosperity Group.
Could you offer her an opportunity?”
Matthew frowned deeper as he listened.
But since it was his grandmother’s request, he found it difficult to refuse.
Eventually, he relented, “For your sake, I’ll give Kaia a chance.
But if she fails to meet our standards, I won’t hesitate to terminate her employment.
”
The next day, Stella was at the company working, when Matthew texted her.
The message was short and straightforward, “Draft a contract for Kaia.
###chapter453
She’ll be the spokesperson for the fashion sector of Prosperity Group Stella reread the message multiple times, thinking she had read it wrong.
A small frown formed on her face as she was certain that Matthew had sent the message himself.
Yesterday, she reported to him that Kaia wouldn’t be able to make it for the interview.
Matthew chose to let Stella decide.
Why did he suddenly change his mind?
What was going on?
After a brief moment, Stella decided to confirm it with him first.
“Mr.
Clark, does that mean Miss Lyons would enter the company without being interviewed?”
“Precisely,” Matthew replied.
Stella was still uncertain about it but decided to say nothing else.
With a sigh, she put her phone aside.
‘s BunnyBookery
So Matthew was the type to lower his standards for a woman.
Stella found this very disappointing.
That afternoon, Kaia walked confidently into the company, ready to sign the contract.
Before coming, she had leaked information to the media that she was going to sign the contract.
Immediately she stepped out of the van, multiple reporters rushed towards her, flooding her with questions.
“Miss Lyons, did you come back to join the company for good?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Prosperity Group might be doing well all round, but their clothing department is an exception.
Since you’re joining it, does that mean you think it can do well in the future?”
“Miss Lyons.
.
Kaia smiled in pure contentment from all the attention she was getting.
“Yes, I came back to join Prosperity Group’s clothing industry.
Although it still has a long way to go, I’m certain it’ll turn out great.
After all, they have a wonderful boss.
I admire and respect him greatly.
”
The reporters’ interests were immediately piqued.
“Miss Lyons, what’s your relationship with Mr.
Clark like? Were you personally invited by him?”
###chapter454
“Our families have been very close for generations.
Before going abroad, I already knew him.
He is a great person in general,” Kaia said, smiling.
The reporters still had more questions, but Kaia walked into the building.
Without hesitation, Kaia walked straight to the design department.
Stella and Devyn stood outside, waiting for her.
“Welcome to Prosperity Group, Miss Lyons.
Come with me to the meeting room so you can sign the contract.
”
“I told you to give me the contract yesterday, but you just had to waste my time by making me come here,” Kaia said as she turned to Stella, sarcasm dripping from her tone.
Her tone pissed Stella off but she remained silent.
After all, this was Matthew’s decision.
She couldn’t do anything but just accept and live with it.
Stella led Kaia to the meeting room without responding.
Devyn got the contract and placed it on the table.
“Sign here.
”
Kaia didn’t bother reading the content; she just raised her hand, waiting for Devyn to place the pen on her palm.
She was extremely rude.
Devyn opened the pen for her and placed it in her hand.
A smug smile formed on her face as Kaia signed the contract, tossing the pen away afterwards.
Devyn handed the other copy to Kaia’s assistant.
“Congratulations on joining our design department, Miss Lyons.
We look forward to working with you,” Stella said as she stretched out her hand.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Kaia just stared at Stella, a disgusted look on her face.
“You’re just a nobody.
Who do you think you are to want to shake hands with me?”
Stella maintained her composure, showing no change in her expression.
Devyn sensed the escalating tension in the room and quickly stepped in to defuse the situation before Kaia could do more damage.
“Miss Lyons, Mr.
Clark has instructed us to have a ready-made dress for you.
Would you kindly follow me to the fitting room?”
Hearing Matthew’s involvement, Kaia’s attitude softened.
“Lead the way,” she said, showing a more pleasant demeanor towards Devyn.
Breathing a sigh of relief, Devyn guided Kaia to the fitting room.
###chapter455
She shot a playful wink at Stella.
Stella nodded.
Once they were gone, Stella filed away the contract and prepared to return to her office.
However, she couldn’t help but overhear the voices murmuring around her.
Everyone saw and heard what happened in the meeting room.
Ever since Kaia entered, her colleagues had been keenly watching the drama unfold.
“Stella has probably crossed Kaia.
I bet she’s going to face some tough times ahead.
”
“Why would Stella even offend Kaia? She seems pretty easygoing, far more friendlier than Docie.
”
“Stella was brought into this department without clear reasons.
Aside from her win in the KlassicLuxe competition, she doesn’t have any other noteworthy achievements.
In contrast, Kaia is a world-renowned model.
It’s no wonder Kaia looks down on Stella.
They’re not on the same level.
”
Stella heard it all.
Although it pained her, she understood.
After all, she had been handpicked by Matthew to lead the design department.
She transitioned from a PR officer to a designer.
There must be people waiting for her to mess up.
Matthew acknowledged her, but it was different for the rest of the team.
Her immediate challenge was to prove her worth to her coworkers by steering the department to success.
Steeled by resolve, Stella encouraged herself.
In the CEO’s office of Prosperity Group…
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“This afternoon, Kaia visited the company.
She was interviewed by reporters at the entrance and expressed her admiration for you.
This has led to speculation about the nature of your relationship.
”
Fernando briefed Matthew.
Matthew’s brows furrowed.
He could discern Kaia’s intentions.
She just wanted to be the center of attention.
However, he found something puzzling about her.
Why did Kaia appear just as Prosperity Group was venturing into the fashion industry?
With her international acclaim, she had no need to come back and join this company.
So why was she so insistent about working in Prosperity Group?
A multitude of questions crowded his mind.
Matthew wasn’t the paranoid type, but he was finding it difficult to piece the puzzle together.
###chapter456
After mulling it over, he directed a question at Fernando “Have you looked into Kaia’s background overseas? How is it Looking?
Before giving Kaia the contract, Fernando had preemptively researched more about her at Matthew’s behest.
“Our findings indicate that Kaia is a prominent model internationally.
There are no controversies tied to her private life or career.
”
Matthew’s expression remained stern.
“Keep a close watch on Kaia,” he instructed in a grave tone.
“If she performs well at Prosperity Group, she may continue as the spokesperson.
However, should she have any ulterior motives, fire her immediately.
”
Fernando nodded.
“Understood.
”
Matthew’s eyes narrowed further, lips tight.
His expression was a landscape of gloom.
Sensing the change in mood, Fernando hesitated before speaking.
“Mr.
Clark, if there’s nothing else, may I leave?”
Matthew gave a nod, then seemed to remember something.
“Call Stella.
Have her come here.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Of course,” Fernando answered, exiting the room.
Minutes later, a knock came at the door.
Stella entered and asked, her voice tinged with a cold distance, “Mr.
Clark, what’s the matter?”
Matthew studied her face.
Stella looked unwell.
Matthew frowned and asked, “Did Kaia give you a hard time?”
Stella’s face darkened further at the question.
“I’m confused about your actions, Mr.
Clark.
Just yesterday you said you had principles, but today you seem to have abandoned them.
”
Since Stella brought it up, Matthew opted to listen first.
###chapter457
“From a business standpoint, choosing Miss Lyons is ideal.
She’s proven her ability and has an international reach, but she entered the company without participating in an interview.
I’m afraid that it might cause problems with cooperation and communication on both sides.
”
This unusual recruitment meant that Kaia was untouchable because Matthew hired her.
Matthew also understood what she meant.
He looked at her, taking a moment before speaking.
“I chose Kaia for a reason, and I’ll keep her in check with a contract.
As an employee, she will have to follow the company’s rules, just like everyone else.
”
A flicker of relief crossed Stella’s features.
Her concern seemed to be that Matthew had given Kaia special treatment, but his answer put that worry to rest.
She calmed down a little.
Noticing the change in her mood, Matthew went on.
“If Kaia becomes a liability or doesn’t benefit the company, she’ll be let go.
As for the main model, that’s your decision to make.
”
Stella’s eyes lit up.
She had assumed Kaia was already appointed as the main model.
But it seemed Matthew still gave her the final say in the department.
Feeling more reassured, Stella returned to the main topic.
“So what did you want to see me about, Mr.
Clark?”
“Have you selected the other models?”
“I’ve arranged interviews for this afternoon,” Stella reported.
Matthew nodded.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Good.
Once that’s settled, I want you to design a line of dresses based on your award-winning KlassicLuxe design.
Prosperity Group and KlassicLuxe will co-host a press conference soon.
”
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
” Stella’s face brightened.
She had always dreamed of designing a clothing line, but she didn’t expect that her dream would come true so soon.
Matthew nodded.
“We’ve already secured the advertising contract with KlassicLuxe.
All you need to do now is deliver with your team.
”
“I’ll do my best,” Stella said, her voice brimming with determination.
###chapter458
“I promise not to let you down!”
Exiting Matthew’s office, Stella felt like she was dreaming.
She took a few deep breaths to ground herself before heading back to the design department.
There, she ran into Flossie.
“Stella! I’m here for measurements and photos.
” Flossie waved at her warmly.
Stella took Flossie’s hand and led her in.
“Come with me.
”
As they walked, Flossie whispered, “So many companies wanted to sign me after the KlassicLuxe competition, but you know I’m loyal to you!”
Stella smiled warmly at her friend.
“Then my next goal is to make you famous and get you to meet your idol, Tobin.
”
“Oh, there’s no need.
” Flossie shook her head, wearing a mysterious grin.
“I’ve already met him.
”
Stella blinked in surprise.
“When did you see Tobin?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Flossie’s eyes widened, realizing she had made a slip of the tongue.
She’d promised Matthew to keep it a secret.
She swiftly covered her mouth and responded evasively, “Just accidentally.
”
Stella narrowed her eyes, pondering the possibilities.
“Was he a judge in the KlassicLuxe competition?”
Considering that Tobin was the designer of KlassicLuxe, it made perfect sense for him to serve as a judge.
Flossie shook her head, stopping Stella’s Line of thought.
“Don’t bother guessing.
You’ll find out when the time’s right.
Now, where’s the changing room?”
Stella nodded, and dropped the subject.
She was back to work mode.
Stella led Flossie to the fitting room.
###chapter459
“Try on this outfit first.
I’ll go let the photographer know to get ready.
”
“Okay.
” Seeing that Stella didn’t ask more, Flossie breathed a sigh of relief.
She took the clothes Stella left for her.
While she was changing, curiosity bubbled up again.
“Stella, I heard that Kaia signed a contract with Prosperity Group.
Will I get a chance to work with her?”
At the mention of Kaia, Stella’s expression turned grim.
“Yes,” she said curtly.
“Oh my God! I can’t believe my luck! Not only do I get to work for Prosperity Group, but I’ll also work alongside Kaia!” Flossie’s excitement slurred her words.
Stella looked at her, surprised.
“You’re a big fan of Kaia’s?”
“Of course!” Flossie raised her eyebrows.
“She’s a big deal internationally.
I’ve always dreamed of sharing the runway with her.
I didn’t think I’d get a chance this soon!”
Stella said nothing, only pressing her lips together.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Flossie’s eyes twinkled as she took Stella by the arm.
“Stella, Can I ask you a favor?”
“What is it?”
“Could you get me an autographed photo of her?” Flossie expressed her concerns.
“As the director, you’ll be interacting more with her, so it might be easier for you to get one.
”
Stella thought about her uneasy relationship with Kaia but didn’t want to disappoint Flossie.
“I’L try,” she said softly.
“Thank you, Stella!” Flossie pecked her on the cheek.
Stella playfully wiped off the ki*s.
###chapter460
“Why do you have so many idols?
You look up to a designer and a model?”
Flossie blushed.
“Just these two.
”
She then hummed a tune and started changing.
Stella’s thoughts drifted back to Kaia and how the latter behaved.
“Listen, Flossie.
While it’s great you admire Kaia, don’t forget that you’ll be competing with her on the same stage as models here in Prosperity Group.
Always stay vigilant.
”
Flossie looked puzzled.
“Why do you say that?”
Stella couldn’t tell Flossie it was her gut feeling.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Just remember, if you want to rise to the top, you need to guard against others.
Understand?”
Flossie nodded.
However, the weight of the warning seemed to elude her.
After leaving Prosperity Group, Kaia returned home.
The place was nothing short of a castle.
it was opulent and dignified.
Upon entering, she found her grandfather, Asher Lyons, leisurely lounging on the sofa.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As soon as he put down his cup of coffee, Kaia gave him a big hug.
“Grandpa, I signed the long-term contract with Prosperity Group just like you wanted!”
Asher took her hand and frowned.
He didn’t look pleased.
He glanced up at her with nonchalance.
“Why did you come back this time?” His voice was edgy and oppressive.
Kaia felt a tinge of panic.
“I missed you and Grandma.
I didn’t want to be alone overseas.
”
Asher narrowed his eyes.
He picked up his cup and took another sip of coffee before setting it down with a quiet clink.
###chapter461
This made Kaia even more nervous.
Asher knew his granddaughter wasn’t telling the truth.
The life of an international model wasn’t something she’d left behind on a whim.
There was a bigger reason.
Still, he chose not to press her.
However…
Asher’s eyes bore into her, full of cunning.
“Well, if you’ve returned to Seamarsh, I expect nothing less than for you to be the top model here.
I’ll pull every string to make sure all of Seamarsh knows how exceptional my granddaughter is.
”
Late in the night, bright lights could still be seen from the CEO’s office.
Matthew sat at his desk.
He wore a tailored suit, and he had his usual frown on his face, but a tired look could be seen in his eyes.
Once he was finished with Stella’s work, his focus moved to the Fairwa project.
He had to think of a perfect plan.
There was no way he was going to let Jeremy succeed in ruining one of the things his mother loved the most.
By the time he finally got home, it was eleven already.
Once he entered, he met Lucia waiting for him.
She prepared food for him just like the old times.
Matthew took off his coat and gently placed it on the chair.
He walked up to her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Why didn’t you tell me you were coming, Grandma?”
“I didn’t want to disturb you or interrupt your work.
” Lucia gave him a sweet smile.
“You’re getting back so late.
You must be hungry.
Reheat the food and eat.
”
“Grandma, you shouldn’t have.
You’re just recovering.
You need to rest so that you’ll fully get better.
Why did you wait so late? You shouldn’t worry about taking care of me.
I can do that myself.
”
Matthew frowned lightly.
Concern could clearly be heard in his tone.
Lucia stopped smiling and sighed.
“I know.
But I asked you to do something you were unwilling to do today.
I was afraid that you would take it to heart.
So I cooked for you to make you feel better.
”
###chapter462
Matthew had no choice but to confess, “I made that decision not entirely because of your words.
If Kaia is capable, she may bring substantial returns to Prosperity Group.
So don’t worry about it.
”
Lucia still had a worried look on her face.
“I was worried that it’d cause issues between you and Stella.
I mean, she works for you and with Kaia there, there might be a few misunderstandings.
”
“It’s fine, Grandma.
You’re just thinking too much.
”
Lucia finally felt a bit relieved.
Matthew then took her home himself.
The next day came, and it seemed like Lucia wasn’t just worrying for nothing.
Asher held a grand dinner to celebrate Kaia’s return.
All the well- known families at Seamarsh were invited, including the Clarks.
At first Matthew wasn’t interested in going, but he didn’t want to embarrass Waldo, and didn’t want Lucia to worry more.
The Lyons family held the party at their villa.
By eight o’clock, different expensive cars were parked all around.
Reporters would immediately take pictures of whoever got out of the cars.
Matthew was dressed in a black suit, he wore a white shirt underneath it.
The moment he entered, Kaia focused all her attention on him.
AlL the men couldn’t compare to him.
His features were sharp and perfect.
The party began with a dance.
Kaia couldn’t wait to dance with Matthew.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She ignored all the other men asking for her hand to dance with them and walked straight to Matthew.
Putting on her most cute and innocent act, she asked, “Would you like to have this dance with me, Matthew?”
He could feel the excitement radiating off of her.
“No,” Matthew replied curtly, taking a quick glance in her direction.
Matthew’s voice wasn’t loud, yet it was clear enough for those nearby to hear.
His words drew the crowd’s attention, leaving Kaia feeling particularly self-conscious.
She responded with an uncomfortable, rigid smile.
Waldo was aware that Matthew had no desire to attend the evening’s party.
However, he was taken aback when Matthew publicly embarrassed Kaia, showing no regard for their families’ reputations.
With a stern expression, Waldo quietly admonished Matthew.
###chapter463
“Kaia just returned from overseas and knows few people here.
Could you not spare a dance for her?”
Although he asked gently, his tone left no room for Matthew to decline.
Setting his glass down, Matthew gazed at Waldo, responding, “That’s not none of my business.
”
Waldo’s face grew dimmer.
Before he could express his anger, Matthew continued, “Moreover, I am a married man.
My wife isn’t here tonight, but there are plenty of journalists around.
I wouldn’t want her to misconstrue my relationship with Kaia.
Despite Matthew’s soft tone, Kaia heard every word.
Yet again, she faced rejection, leaving her feeling humiliated.
Forcing a smile, she said, “Matthew is correct.
I didn’t consider the implications.
Since he doesn’t wish to dance with me, please don’t pressure him.
”
With Kaia’s thoughtful intervention, Waldo’s expression eased slightly.
He shot Matthew a disapproving look and commented, “Kaia is a good girl.
This party is for your enjoyment.
Let us be.
Enjoy yourself.
”
Kaia gave an awkward smile and nodded.
Silently, Matthew headed towards the lounge area, not so much as glancing at her.
Kaia watched his retreating figure, her eyes filled with frustration.
Not too far off, Asher watched the entire episode, anger flaring within him.
Despite the Lyons family’s dwindling power over the years, no one had dared to publicly challenge him.
Matthew was an illegitimate child.
He had only been Prosperity Group’s president for a few years, yet he showed such arrogance.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Asher snorted, his wrinkled face turning dark.
Spotting the photographers snapping pictures, he narrowed his eyes and beckoned them over.
One photographer hurried over with his camera and stuttered, “Mr.
Lyons, how may I assist you?”
Asher glanced at his ID card and sternly cautioned him, “Report what’s necessary and avoid what isn’t.
Understand?”
The photographer nodded repeatedly.
The following day, a photo of Matthew and Kaia at the banquet graced the front page of an entertainment magazine.
This sparked intense chatter among the public.
Someone questioned, “Isn’t Matthew married? Why didn’t his wife accompany him to the party?”
This query reminded people of recent divorce rumors surrounding Matthew, leading to further speculation.
“Is Matthew actually divorced already?”
###chapter464
“So, did Kaia return and join Prosperity Group to marry Matthew?”
Supporters of Matthew swiftly refuted.
“That’s absurd! Matthew has never been linked to any romantic scandals.
How could he cheat on his wife? It must be Kaia who’s attempting to ruin his marriage.
It’s disgusting to be a home-wrecker.
”
“Yes.
People in the modeling industry are typically promiscuous.
I wouldn’t be surprised if Kaia’s good at seducing men.
”
“I don’t believe Matthew is a good man if he gives in to temptation.
”
People split into two camps, engaging in heated debates.
Some level-headed people offered a more balanced perspective.
“The Clark and Lyons families have been friends for generations.
It’s normal for Matthew and Kaia to appear together, and they’re not in bed together.
Why do people insist on making their relationship seem so scandalous?”
“Furthermore, Mrs.
Clark’s absence indicates she prefers a low profile.
Perhaps she was at some corner of the banquet, and someone did take her picture, but Mr.
Clark blocked the reporters from publishing it.
”
“Mr.
Clark isn’t one to flaunt his love life.
There’s no need to wish for a married couple’s divorce.
”
Stella was enjoying her breakfast at home while casually browsing the news on her phone.
Upon noticing news about Matthew, she quickly clicked on it and found the article about Matthew and Kaia, complete with a photograph attached at the end.
Stella instinctively clicked on the photo to enlarge it.
In the photo, Matthew and Kaia were in close proximity, their poses suggesting a level of intimacy.
Stella’s frown deepened as she scrolled through the comments, her appetite for food disappearing.
The entertainment news section was filled with reports regarding Matthew and Kaia, with no statements or news from Prosperity Group to clarify these matters.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s frown intensified.
When Vivien attempted to start a relationship with Matthew, he immediately insisted she deny the rumors.
Why was he allowing the present situation to persist?
Was he implicitly agreeing with the speculations of the public, or was he simply oblivious to the news?
Stella, almost subconsciously, looked up Matthew’s phone number, wondering if he might need her assistance.
As she was on the verge of making the call, she remembered that she no longer worked in the public relations department.
Would she invite more criticism by overstepping her boundaries?
After all, Matthew’s wife hadn’t intervened.
As an employee, was it appropriate for Stella to involve herself in his private affairs?
###chapter465
Upon reflection, Stella decided against making the call.
Seeing the news on her screen again, she felt a wave of annoyance and dissatisfaction.
She tossed the phone onto the table, forcefully spearing a sausage from her plate with a fork.
The loud noise startled Miley, who was peacefully eating beside her.
Seeing Stella’s grim expression, Miley asked worriedly, “What’s the matter? Who upset you this morning?”
She glanced at Stella’s phone and arched her eyebrows.
“Did Maverick send you a text?”
Shaking her head, Stella gritted her teeth and fumed, “These days, netizens and reporters are becoming increasingly audacious, twisting the truth to their advantage!”
Miley was confused.
She picked up Stella’s phone, seeing the bold headlines.
Miley read the news and understood the situation.
Setting down Stella’s phone, Miley smirked, “It may not necessarily be false.
”
“What are you implying?”
“The netizens are correct.
Isn’t your boss contemplating a divorce?”
Miley offered a knowing smile.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Kaia is attractive, elegant, and hails from a powerful family.
Maybe she can succeed in winning over your boss…”
“Miley, please!” Stella raised her hand, interrupting Miley.
“Netizens speculate because they don’t know Matthew personally.
But you can’t indulge in such gossip.
”
Miley pouted.
“Alright, I’m just spouting nonsense.
”
She didn’t engage in an argument with Stella.
As Miley picked up her fork to continue her meal, she asked casually, “But it’s Matthew’s private matter.
He hasn’t said a word.
Why are you so infuriated?”
Stella was left speechless.
She opened her mouth to offer an explanation, but couldn’t find the words.
Holding her fork, Stella couldn’t fathom why she was so irate earlier.
###chapter466
Despite her attempts to regain her composure, she couldn’t shake off an unsettling feeling.
Breakfast ended abruptly, leaving a bitter taste in Stella’s mouth.
Arriving at Prosperity Group, she found the finalized photos of Flossie and the other models placed on her desk.
She finally calmed down and immersed herself in her work.
After completing the final arrangement and marking the documents, she prepared to deliver them to Matthew’s office.
As soon as she rose to her feet, she felt an inexplicable apprehension at the thought of seeing Matthew.
She almost didn’t want to meet him.
Taking a few deep breaths to soothe herself, Stella took the elevator to the top floor.
The office door was slightly open.
As Stella prepared to knock and enter, she heard a faint voice from the inside.
She saw a woman in the room.
The woman’s back was turned to Stella, her hair neatly tied in a bun, revealing her graceful neck.
Dressed in a seductive slip dress, her long legs were on full display.
Leaning on the table, she was saying something to the person across from her, their interaction seemingly intimate.
Stella realized she shouldn’t be eavesdropping.
As she prepared to knock, the woman suddenly spun around.
The sight of Kaia left Stella stunned, and the documents in her hands dropped to the floor with a loud clatter.
Panic overcame Stella.
Online rumors about Matthew and Kaia were rampant, yet he had neither denied nor confirmed them.
Worse still, he was in the same room with her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In such a critical time, shouldn’t they be cautious about actions that could fuel further speculation?
Was there truth to the rumors?
But didn’t Matthew have a wedding ring on? Had he not reconciled with his wife?
Bombarded by countless thoughts, Stella found herself utterly bewildered.
Upon hearing footsteps outside, Matthew rose and opened the door.
To his surprise, Stella was the one standing there.
“What brings you here?” he asked.
His tone was neutral; however, Stella was disconcerted thought she was being questioned.
Hastily picking up the documents, she said, “The design department has finalized the models.
You need to give the approval.
”
###chapter467
She averted her eyes, her voice subtly wavering, maintaining a professional demeanor.
Matthew’s brows furrowed.
Just as he was about to speak, a soft female voice emerged from behind him.
“Matthew.
”
Kaia moved forward elegantly, wearing a smile that masked her underlying resentment.
Upon seeing Stella, Matthew’s demeanor changed drastically, quite different from his indifference towards her the previous night.
Did he now forget he was married?
Matthew turned his attention to Kaia, saying firmly, “You can leave now.
”
Kaia was reluctant to leave, especially in Stella’s presence.
“Matthew…”
“I told you.
Leave.
” Matthew emphasized.
His icy stare instilled a sense of fear in Kaia.
Brushing her hair back, Kaia offered an awkward smile.
“I won’t intrude any longer.
I work for Prosperity Group now, so I’ll catch up with you another time.
”
She hurried out, giving Matthew no opportunity for rebuttal.
Once Kaia had departed, Stella formally handed the documents over to Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, it’s crucial to approve the models first.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s detached, impassive voice drew another frown from Matthew.
Feeling somewhat uneasy, he quickly invited her in.
“Come inside.
”
Hesitant, Stella entered the room, lips pursed.
After shutting the door, Matthew began, “The reason I summoned Kaia was—”
“Mr.
Clark!” Stella interrupted.
“Whatever your relationship with her is, please remember you’re already married.
For the sake of both Mrs.
Clark and Prosperity Group, you should address the rumors promptly.
”
Realizing Matthew might take offense, she added, “As a public figure, your actions are under media scrutiny.
And since Miss Lyons just joined Prosperity Group, the spotlight is inevitably on both of you.
###chapter468
The company’s fashion venture is in its infancy.
I advise that you consider this carefully to avoid being misinterpreted by the media.
”
Though Stella hadn’t been with Prosperity Group long, she sensed Matthew’s dedication to his work.
He knew which things he should prioritize accordingly.
Hearing Stella’s words, Matthew felt mixed emotions.
He was pleased Stella showed concern for both him and the company.
But at the same time, he was also worried that Stella would misunderstand the situation.
“I have nothing to do with Kaia,” Matthew declared firmly.
“The online rumors are fake news created by the Lyons family.
I’ve already warned Kaia in person just now.
”
For a moment, Stella froze, realizing she’d made unfounded assumptions.
“Mr.
Clark, you don’t need to explain this to me.
I’m simply concerned about the company’s public image,” she said, eyes glistening.
There was a hint of regret in her voice.
Before Stella could delve into her feelings, Matthew interjected, “If my employee has concerns, I owe it to her to address them.
Shall we proceed with the business at hand?”
Nodding, Stella promptly handed over the documents.
Upon reviewing it, Matthew was impressed by Stella’s thorough assessment of each model’s strengths and weaknesses.
He was satisfied with the models that Stella had chosen.
“Proceed with your selections and begin designing the collection,” he instructed.
“Absolutely, I’ll get started immediately,” Stella responded cheerfully.
Back at her desk, she powered up her computer and couldn’t resist checking the news.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
To her astonishment, all reports about Matthew and Kaia had vanished, leaving only innocuous coverage of the Lyons family dinner.
Surprised, Stella smiled to herself.
After the rumors about Matthew died down, Stella swiftly sorted out her emotions and plunged wholeheartedly into her work.
She was putting in extra hours daily, and on several occasions, she awoke in the middle of the night with a burst of inspiration, promptly rising to sketch out her designs.
As Stella prepared to head to work, dark circles evident under her eyes, Miley couldn’t resist commenting, “You’re working as hard as a CEO.
How much is Matthew paying you to work this diligently?”
Looking exhausted, Stella replied softly, “I’ve recently been promoted to director of the design department.
I need to put in the effort to prove my capabilities, or else how will I earn the respect of my colleagues?”
###chapter469
“You’re simply overexerting yourself,” Miley retorted, patting Stella’s forehead and handing her some breakfast.
“Eat first.
I’ll drive you to work, and you can catch up on sleep during the ride.
Your dark circles are getting pretty noticeable.
”
Stella smiled warmly, wrapping her arms around Miley and leaning on her shoulder.
“You’re the best.
”
After breakfast, Miley drove Stella to Prosperity Group.
A brief nap in the car helped her gain some energy.
Upon reaching her desk, she immediately grabbed her iPad.
She had previously partnered with Flossie in the KlassicLuxe design competition, so she sketched out an initial design for Flossie’s attire with relative ease.
Next, it was time to design for Sharon.
As Stella glanced at a photo of Sharon for reference, she found her adorable.
While sketching, Stella’s concept grew increasingly vivid.
The cornerstone was a red dress she had designed for the KlassicLuxe contest, which she planned to pair with classic black and white colors.
Then, inspiration struck Stella.
She decided to design a white dress for Sharon.
After browsing her color palette, she settled on a shade of pinkish white.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The waist of the white tulle skirt was adorned with pink and white flowers, accentuating Sharon’s endearing persona.
Stella twirled a pencil and drew a rough sketch first.
While Stella was sketching the initial outline, Devyn appeared with a cup of coffee.
Stella called out to her and asked, “Do you think this dress suits Sharon?”
Carefully examining the sketch, Devyn complimented, “The dress looks gorgeous, and the white tulle brings out a softness that matches her character.
”
Grinning, Stella resumed refining her design.
“But, Stella, you still have to design something for Kaia.
Do you think she’ll give you a hard time?” Devyn continued, looking concerned.
Stella stopped drawing for a moment.
###chapter470
After pondering briefly, she reassured Devyn with a smile, “Don’t worry.
Tension between designers and models is common.
I’ll handle it.
”
She then returned to her work.
After finishing Sharon’s dress, Stella began to prepare for Kaia’s clothes.
She thought black was perfect on her model.
However, finding the right material proved challenging.
Whenever Kaia came to mind, Stella found it hard to concentrate.
Kaia’s stunning yet icy demeanor seemed at odds with Stella’s soft design philosophy.
She studied Kaia’s photo again.
Although Kaia had an excellent figure, which was slim and tall, Stella found it difficult to harmonize her design with the other models’ dresses.
Despite several attempts, Stella remained dissatisfied with her sketches.
She had wasted several pieces of paper, but all of them ended up being crumpled.
Frustrated, she picked up her phone to browse through some paintings for inspiration.
Suddenly, she realized she hadn’t checked her other social media account in quite some time.
Snapping a picture, she posted it on Twitter, captioning it, “My creative well has run dry.
Currently on standby.
”
Alerted by a special notification sound, Matthew set aside his pen and checked his phone.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He was pleasantly surprised to see a tweet from Ella.
Matthew hadn’t heard anything about her since her last post about Highwyn.
Curious, he clicked on the post and was taken aback by what he saw.
Although some crucial details in the photos had been pixelated, Matthew instantly recognized that the setting was Stella’s office desk.
He scrutinized the photo once more, the edges of his lips tightly sealed.
His emotions were a swirl of confusion and delight.
Zooming in on the photo to confirm he wasn’t mistaken, Matthew found himself at a loss for words.
It never occurred to him that the woman he had been following and admiring for so long was none other than Stella.
Stella was Ella!
Previously, she had only posted artwork on this account.
Now she was sharing her feelings for the first time.
###chapter471
Could this mean Stella would frequently update her life on this platform going forward?
A grin spread across Matthew’s face as he reclined in his chair.
Just then, Fernando entered the room, somewhat surprised to see Matthew’s joyful expression.
He wondered what made his boss so happy.
“Mr.
Clark?” Fernando called.
Matthew looked up, his tone impassive.
“What is it?”
“The project plan for Fairwa is complete.
I’d like you to review it.
”
Fernando handed over the documents.
As Matthew skimmed through the proposal, Fernando elaborated on its contents.
“There are some onsite issues that require verification.
When can you visit Fairwa? I’ll make the arrangements.
”
Matthew paused, a thought quickly forming.
Smiling inwardly, he answered, “I’ll go tomorrow.
”
Caught off guard, Fernando replied, “Alright, I’ll start planning immediately.
”
“Hold on!” Matthew interjected.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Notify Stella about a design department meeting right away.
”
A fleeting look of suspicion crossed Fernando’s face.
Why did he want to schedule a meeting with Stella at this time?
Could Stella be the reason behind his smile earlier?
Nonetheless, he dismissed the thought and left to deliver the message.
After receiving the notification, Stella hurried to the meeting room, where only Matthew was present.
“Mr.
Clark,” she greeted, taking a seat beside him.
Though puzzled, she approached cautiously.
“What’s the current status of your design series?” Matthew inquired, lifting his gaze to meet hers.
###chapter472
Relieved he was discussing her project, Stella responded candidly, “One set of clothing is still incomplete.
”
Matthew nodded, “Accompany me on a business trip to Fairwa tomorrow.
”
“Tomorrow? Is it urgent?” Stella questioned, clearly bewildered.
Trying not to arise any suspicions, Matthew explained, “Fairwa is home to a highly esteemed designer.
Meeting him could give you the inspiration you need.
”
Stella found the proposition appealing since she had been feeling a creative slump.
She agreed without hesitation.
“Alright, I’ll learn from this maestro and aim to complete the designs as quickly as possible.
”
Later that evening, Stella returned home to pack up.
Miley, leaning against the doorframe, observed her attentively.
Out of the blue, Stella lifted two dresses and asked, “Miley, which one looks better on me?”
Miley’s eyes narrowed speculatively.
“You’re going on a business trip.
Why are you so concerned about your attire?”
Setting the clothes aside, Stella looked down and muttered, “I’ll be meeting a renowned design master.
”
Catching her flustered demeanor, Miley’s eyebrows shot up.
She picked a dress for Stella and asked cautiously, “Are you going on this business trip with Matthew alone?”
Stella felt momentarily speechless.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
During today’s meeting, it was just her and Matthew in the conference room.
When he mentioned the business trip, her mind was solely on the opportunity for inspiration, and she hadn’t thought much about it.
After a brief pause, Stella responded cautiously, “I believe Fernando should accompany us as well.
”
Miley quirked her lips upward and warned her teasingly, “Even if others are there, you should still be cautious.
”
Stella closed her suitcase and inquired, “Cautious of what?”
“What do you think? Consider this.
Matthew was recently rumored to be having an affair with an international model.
The media is Likely watching him closely.
I wouldn’t want my best friend to get entangled in any of that or be exploited,” Miley reasoned.
Stella didn’t take the warning too seriously.
However, she tried to assure her best friend.
###chapter473
“I understand.
I’1L maintain my distance from Matthew.
”
That night, Stella found herself restless, tossing and turning.
Finally, she fell asleep around four in the morning.
The following day, as she wheeled her suitcase outside, she noticed Matthew’s car parked at the gate.
As she approached, Matthew exited the driver’s seat and began to assist her with her Luggage.
Caught off guard and flattered, Stella demurred, “That’s not necessary, Mr.
Clark.
I can handle it.
”
Matthew offered her a look but said nothing, creating an inexplicably awkward atmosphere.
Stella scanned the vicinity and asked, “Where’s Fernando? Isn’t he coming with us?”
Matthew averted his gaze, replying, “He has other commitments.
His schedule is packed.
Please, get in the car.
”
Without further comment, Stella took the passenger seat.
With the silence, the atmosphere between the two was even more awkward.
Stella frequently glanced out the window to distract herself.
Matthew kept his eyes on the road, occasionally stealing glances at Stella.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Before they knew it, they were halfway to their destination.
Running on little sleep, Stella soon dozed off against the seat.
Matthew noticed her sleeping form and slowed down the vehicle.
By the time Stella stirred awake, they had arrived.
Rubbing her sleepy eyes, she mumbled, “Have we arrived? I apologize for falling asleep.
” She sat up straight.
Her voice was soft and raspy.
Matthew looked at the woman beside him.
Stella’s hair was slightly disheveled from sleep, which only seemed to make her face appear even more delicate.
“It’s alright,” he said nonchalantly, handing her a bottle of water.
“Rest for a bit before we get out.
”
Still a bit groggy, Stella accepted the water, took a sip.
Then, she rested in the car for a short while before getting out.
###chapter474
They parked at the foot of a mountain.
As Stella stepped out, she was awestruck by the breathtaking scenery that greeted her.
Distant overlapping mountains, blooming roadside flowers, and the air imbued with a fresh, woody scent… It was as if she’d stepped into an enchanted forest.
Matthew walked over to her, remarking quietly, “This is the renowned Fairwa scenic area.
Properly developed, it holds immense potential value.
”
Stella nodded, appreciating Matthew’s discerning taste.
“Shall we proceed?” Matthew suggested.
Of course, Stella readily agreed.
They walked alongside one another.
Matthew took on the role of a tour guide, enlightening her about the significance of each Landmark they passed.
Observing how well Matthew knew the place, Stella asked curiously, “You seem quite familiar with this area.
Do you visit often?”
“Of course,” Matthew answered, his gaze distant.
“I used to live here.
”
Stella felt surprised and suddenly recalled Jeremy mentioning that Matthew was an illegitimate child.
Before she could formulate a response, Matthew continued, “I didn’t rejoin the Clark family until I was nearly twenty.
Before that, my mother and I led a nomadic life together.
”
Stella was taken aback.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She hadn’t anticipated that Matthew would confide in her so personally, leaving her momentarily speechless.
Quietly, she listened and trailed behind Matthew at a steady pace.
Matthew’s voice took on a relaxed tone.
“Before being acknowledged by the Clark family, I lived in this suburb for several years.
”
He gazed at the familiar surroundings, triggering a flood of memories that had been tucked away.
This was also where he had found his love for design.
Matthew glanced her way, a fleeting touch of softness crossing his otherwise intense eyes.
“You misunderstood me earlier.
”
Stella widened her eyes in puzzlement.
“You probably thought of me as someone aristocratic, unaccustomed to mundane life.
” Matthew averted his eyes.
“In reality, I’ve also experienced what you call a life that can you call ordinary.
”
###chapter475
Stella gave an awkward smile.
When she first crossed paths with Matthew, she never would have guessed he’d faced hardships.
Yet, as they spent time together, she realized that he was unlike other privileged young men who wasted life and wealth.
He was diligent and down-to-earth.
His capacity to independently operate a business group at a young age was truly exceptional.
Touched and somewhat guilty, Stella felt compelled to say, “I have no doubt your future will be promising.
”
Matthew regarded her silently.
Gathering her thoughts, Stella added, “Mr.
Clark, I’m confident you’ll secure the Fairwa project.
After all, nobody understands this place better than you do.
”
Matthew chose not to comment, simply stating, “Let’s continue.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
After spending several hours exploring the area, Stella felt a little tired.
She recalled that her primary ive was to meet the master designer, but exhaustion tempted her to rest.
Sensing Stella’s weariness, Matthew quickly suggested, “We’re close to my mother’s place.
Let’s head there for lunch and a break.
We can visit the design master in the afternoon.
”
“Wouldn’t that inconvenience your mother?” Stella questioned, feeling somewhat awkward.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Previously, she had accidentally encountered Amara during a visit to her home.
Now, being on official business with Matthew, it felt odd to dine at his mother’s residence.
Matthew replied dismissively, “Not at all.
I’ve been meaning to visit her anyway.
”
He left with her no room to refuse.
In the end, Stella followed Matthew to Amara’s home.
Amara was delighted to see them.
She grasped Stella’s hand and exclaimed warmly, “Stella, the last time you cooked for us because of my injured hands.
I’ve been wanting to return the favor.
”
“It’s no trouble at all.
” Stella smiled.
“How are your hands now?”
“They’ve fully healed,” Amara promised, flexing her wrists.
“I’ll whip up some tasty dishes for you.
”
Stella set down her bag and was about to assist her in the kitchen.
###chapter476
“Let me help you.
”
Amara swiftly stopped her and guided her back to the living room.
“You don’t need to help; please make yourself comfortable.
”
Unable to turn down her hospitality, Stella consented, “Then, I’1L look forward to the feast you prepare.
”
Once they were settled, Amara headed into the kitchen.
Stella and Matthew waited in the living room.
Seated on the couch, Matthew appeared composed, though his thoughts remained a mystery.
Stella, reflecting on his earlier revelations, felt an inexplicable sense of sorrow for him.
After some contemplation, she ventured to bring up a subject.
“Mr.
Clark, may I review the Fairwa project proposal? Perhaps I could offer some suggestions.
”
Matthew was somewhat surprised by the request, but he complied.
He passed her the project proposal.
Stella took it and studied it carefully.
As Stella immersed herself in it, the distance between them diminished.
Matthew observed her profile, his eyes warming with a gentleness he himself failed to recognize.
Amara, arriving with the prepared dishes, stumbled upon this intimate scene.
Her smile momentarily faltered.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Amara was dumbfounded, her expression turning icy.
She set the dishes on the table and said, “Matthew, could you come to the kitchen and assist me?”
She deliberately lowered her voice.
Matthew snapped back to reality and averted his eyes awkwardly.
Stella heard Amara’s request and immediately put aside her papers, rising to her feet.
“Mrs.
Clark, may I assist you?”
“Thank you, but no,” Amara declined firmly.
Sensing her abrupt refusal, she added with a polite smile, “It’s manual labor.
I’d rather have Matthew help out.
Please, feel free to relax in the living room.
Lunch will be ready shortly.
”
###chapter477
Matthew stood and murmured, “I’ll go assist.
You can continue reviewing the project proposal.
”
Stella said nothing further.
Matthew followed Amara into the kitchen, where she promptly shut the door.
She shot Matthew a serious gaze.
“Tell me, do you have feelings for Stella?” Amara fired.
Matthew didn’t dodge the question.
“I’m very fond of Stella,” he declared.
“What?” Amara looked at him in disbelief.
She slapped Matthew’s shoulder forcefully and raised her voice.
“How could you? Stella is your employee.
How could you harbor feelings for her?”
Amara was furious.
She clasped her chest, drew a deep breath, and reminded him, “Matthew, haven’t you forgotten you’re a married man? Maintain your distance from other women!”
Her eyes began to well up as she spoke.
Matthew’s father had been a philanderer.
She had accidentally fallen for him and given birth to Matthew.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Throughout the years, she had raised Matthew under strict guidelines, not wanting him to end up like his father.
Yet the very thing she had hoped to avoid now happened!
The more she pondered this, the more disheartened she felt.
Matthew waited for her emotions to settle before speaking slowly.
“Did my marital status cross your mind when you tried to set me up with Vivien?”
Amara looked at him thoughtfully and her demeanor softened.
“Haven’t you mentioned wanting a divorce before? And we’ve known Vivien for years.
We can trust her…”
At this point, Amara trailed off.
Since recovering from her coma, she hadn’t seen Vivien again.
Even phone calls to her had been cold and dismissive.
Assuming Vivien was preoccupied with work, she had invited her to afternoon tea.
###chapter478
To her astonishment, Vivien had confessed that her sole motivation all along was to marry into the Clark family.
Her efforts proven futile, she saw no point in continuing.
From that moment on, Amara and Vivien had lost touch.
Amara felt her earlier fondness for Vivien evaporate.
It never occurred to her that her past kindness had yielded only disappointment.
It was clear Vivien was interested not in Matthew, but in the Clark family’s wealth.
Shaking off her reverie, Amara focused on Matthew.
“Regardless, that chapter is closed.
Remember, you’re not single.
Keep your distance from Stella,” she emphasized.
She then sighed and conceded, “As for your future, I’ll refrain from intervening.
Live your life as you see fit.
”
Matthew smiled at her words.
“Mom, are you being serious?”
Amara furrowed her brow, puzzled by his reaction.
“Yes,” she affirmed.
“You’re free to pursue whomever you wish.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew took a deep breath and confessed, “In that case, you should know Stella is actually my wife.
”
Amara was stunned.
“What?”
“Only Grandma is aware of it,” Matthew replied calmly.
“What’s going on?” Amara’s frown deepened.
“Why haven’t you told Stella?”
“It’s complicated.
” Matthew sighed.
” For now, let’s keep this between us.
When the time is right, I’ll explain everything to her.
”
Amara was a little confused.
But she consented, trusting Matthew to have his reasons.
Though initially uneasy, Amara quickly came to terms with this new revelation.
###chapter479
After all, Stella had left a favorable impression.
Once their conversation ended, they both busied themselves in the kitchen until the table was laden with dishes.
“Stella, it’s time to eat.
Try some of the dishes I’ve prepared,”
Amara called out.
Knowing Stella’s true relationship with Matthew only heightened Amara’s affection for her.
Stella set the documents aside and walked to the table.
“Mrs.
Clark, you’re amazing!” Stella eye’s glowed seeing the feast in front of her.
“These are all my favorite dishes.
”
“If you enjoy them, feel free to have seconds,” Amara said, waving her over.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Come sit.
You must be hungry.
”
Stella took her seat next to Amara.
After that, she began eating, clearly hungry.
“This turkey is delicious,” Stella complimented.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Amara cast a loving glance at her son.
“Matthew is fond of this dish too.
”
Then, her expression then became wistful.
“In the past, we could only afford turkey for Thanksgiving.
Back then, we lived modestly.
”
Given Matthew’s feelings for Stella, Amara hoped she would gain a deeper understanding of him.
She didn’t want Stella to be like Vivien, who was only interested in a luxurious life.
Setting down her utensils, Stella assured her, “Mr.
Clark has shared his past with me.
”
“Really?” Amara was pleasantly surprised.
Since childhood, Matthew had always been reserved, seldom sharing his inner thoughts.
She hadn’t expected Stella to be an exception.
Amara’s gaze on Matthew shifted.
###chapter480
Oblivious to the change in her expression, Stella continued comforting Amara.
“In any case, Mr.
Clark can now provide for you both.
Your lives will only improve from here on.
”
“Yes.
So much better.
” Amara nodded, patting Stella’s hand while shooting Matthew a glance.
Matthew cleared his throat.
“Mom, let’s focus on eating.
”
Amara caught the nervous undertone in his calm voice.
She smiled and let go of Stella’s hand.
No more words were said.
As Stella quietly resumed eating, a piece of chicken suddenly appeared in front of her.
Startled, she looked up to see Matthew discreetly passing it to her.
“If you like it, eat more.
” His tone was flat, Stella couldn’t tell what his intention was.
She felt a rush of unease.
She glanced at Amara instinctively.
But the latter was indulging in her meal, seemingly oblivious.
Stella grabbed the chicken, stammering, “Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She tried to maintain her composure.
Matthew simply nodded and fell silent.
Watching the interaction, Amara smiled to herself.
They truly were a perfect match.
After finishing the meal, Amara tidied up the table and wore a smile.
“I’ll prepare some desserts for you.
”
Stella hurriedly declined, saying, “Mrs.
Clark, you don’t need to go to all this trouble.
Please, take a rest.
”
“I’m not tired, Stella.
Are you really going to refuse me?”
Stella felt a bit helpless.
How could she say no when Amara asked in such a swaying tone?
###chapter481
“But you’ve already prepared so many dishes today.
Amara smiled warmly.
“Seeing you enjoy the meal brings me joy.
It’s been a long time since this place was so lively.
”
She then turned to Matthew and suggested, “You can take Stella to the living room.
”
“Let’s go,” Matthew said in his deep voice.
Stella couldn’t decline any further.
They made their way to the living room and settled into their seats.
Stella glanced at the project proposal on the table and began, “Mr.
Clark, I have an idea regarding the Fairwa project.
”
“Please, go ahead,” Matthew responded calmly, his eyes focused on her.
After a brief pause, Stella offered her suggestion.
“I believe we should include a plan to protect the rare green plants in the project.
”
Observing Matthew’s expression closely, she continued, “On the way here, I noticed a few swamp cypresses.
They are rare and protected green plants.
If we emphasize this aspect in the project proposal, it might garner more support.
”
Matthew furrowed his brows, pondered for a moment, and then Looked up at Stella with a smile.
“You have a keen eye for observation.
I made the right decision by bringing you here.
”
Matthew’s intimate tone sent a sudden flutter through Stella’s heart.
She managed a somewhat stiff smile and replied politely, “I’m delighted to be of help.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In the afternoon, after enjoying the desserts, they bid farewell to Amara and left.
Thinking that she would meet a master of design later, Stella felt a little nervous all the way.
Finally, she asked, “Mr.
Clark, which designer are we going to meet?”
“Nikolai Todd,” Matthew replied succinctly.
Stella’s eyes widened in shock.
Nikolai Todd!
A highly talented designer who had won numerous international awards at just twenty-eight years old.
His work in screen clothing design was unrivaled.
Overwhelmed with gratitude, Stella exclaimed, “Thank you, Mr.
Clark!
###chapter482
It would be an honor to meet him!”
Stella was brimming with excitement.
She clenched her fists and took a few deep breaths to calm herself down.
They soon arrived at Nikolai’s residence.
As they rang the doorbell, the door promptly swung open.
Before Stella could react, she witnessed a tall young man embrace Matthew tightly.
“Matthew, you’ve really outdone yourself this time.
It’s been ages since you last visited.
”
The man’s tone was filled with a mix of complaints and reproach, leaving Stella momentarily stunned.
They seemed really close.
Matthew pulled down Nikolai’s hands in a somewhat disgusted manner and gave him a stern look.
Nikolai then curled his lips and fell silent.
Without wasting another minute, Matthew proceeded to introduce Stella to Nikolai.
“Stella Anderson, the director of the design department at Prosperity Group.
”
Upon hearing this, Stella snapped out of her daze.
She immediately flashed a warm smile and greeted Nikolai “Hello, Mr.
Todd.
I’m Stella Anderson.
It’s a pleasure to meet you.
”
Stella looked at Nikolai and noticed that he was as tall as Matthew, but his appearance couldn’t be more different.
Nikolai had narrow eyes and exuded a gentle temperament.
While Stella observed him, he also scanned her from head to toe.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With a smile, Nikolai remarked, “Beautiful lady, can you show me the bag you’re carrying?”
He pointed toward Stella’s bag.
Stella thought she might have misheard and briefly glanced at Matthew, who nodded in confirmation.
Stella hesitantly handed the bag to Nikolai.
As he carefully examined it, she felt a tinge of embarrassment and explained, “Mr.
Todd, it’s just a cheap bag.
”
Nikolai lifted his head and casually commented, “But you’ve redesigned it.
”
Stella was puzzled.
“You changed the back strap of your bag into leather, making this ordinary bag more eye-catching.
I really appreciate this concept.
” A faint smile appeared on Nikolai’s face.
###chapter483
Suddenly, Stella felt a connection with Nikolai, her eyes lighting up.
She replied, “Initially, I wanted to enhance the bag’s durability, but inspiration struck.
I aimed to combine both functionality and aesthetics.
”
With a smile, Nikolai handed the bag back to Stella and praised her generously, “You’re truly remarkable.
Many people struggle to capture beauty.
You’ll undoubtedly become an outstanding designer in the future.
”
Stella couldn’t help but blush at Nikolai’s unexpected compliment.
Matthew caught Nikolai’s eyes and said to Stella, “Let’s head inside.
”
Stella accompanied Matthew into Nikolai’s studio.
The interior was elegantly simple, yet boasted state-of-the-art imported equipment.
Matthew fetched two glasses of water from the kitchen and offered one to Stella.
To Stella’s surprise, it appeared that Matthew and Nikolai were close.
She accepted the glass, thanking him softly, yet didn’t dare to inquire further.
After some time, Stella spoke up.
“Mr.
Todd, there’s something I’d like to discuss with you.
”
Nikolai slightly lifted his eyebrows and replied, “Go on.
”
Casting a glance at Matthew, Stella said, “I’m working on a clothing line, but there’s a model whose persona doesn’t quite align with my vision.
I’m struggling with how to design for her.
”
Upon hearing her dilemma, Nikolai promptly suggested, “If the model can’t fit into your design theme, make her the standout exception.
”
Stella was still puzzled and sought clarification.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’ve mainly chosen black as the color for her, but she exudes a sense of cold beauty and has a slender frame.
I’m concerned that black will further slim her down and diminish her appeal on camera.
”
“No worries.
” Nikolai quickly conceived a solution.
“You could opt for a fitted black skirt and a V-neck to accentuate the fuller aspects of the model…”
Following Nikolai’s advice, Stella took a pencil from her bag and started sketching the design.
The pen glided smoothly on the paper, and after a few minutes, the sketch of the design was completed.
The piece was a synthesis of her ideas and Nikolai’s insights, highlighting Kaia’s strengths and masking her weaknesses.
Satisfied with her sketch, Stella expressed her gratitude to Nikolai over and over.
At one point, Stella excused herself to go to the restroom.
Taking the opportunity, Nikolai dr@ped an arm around Matthew and pointed to the direction Stella had gone.
###chapter484
“You’re quite the doting partner, bringing her all the way here to consult me.
You know I don’t usually share my expertise, right?”
“Keep your distance.
” Matthew shrugged off Nikolai’s arm in disgust.
Nikolai grumbled, “You’re so attentive to your lover yet so dismissive of me.
Why did I never see this side of you before?”
“I can hire you with money,” Matthew responded pragmatically.
“And for the record, Stella isn’t my lover.
”
Nikolai chuckled skeptically, clearly not buying Matthew’s denial.
“As I was saying, women are unassailable when it comes to the pursuit of beauty.
” Nikolai glanced at Stella’s bag on the couch.
“She has real talent.
She might outpace me soon.
”
Sensing that Stella was about to return, Matthew chose not to prolong the debate.
He conceded, “If that’s what you believe, fine, but keep your distance.
”
After a brief pause, he lowered his voice to remind Nikolai, “And don’t forget what I asked you to do yesterday.
”
Nikolai looked at Matthew’s stern face and chuckled.
He nodded.
“I haven’t forgotten.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
The moment their conversation ended, Stella came back to the room.
Nikolai intentionally remarked, “Your boss certainly takes good care of you.
”
Stella felt a brief flush of embarrassment.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Aware of Nikolai’s implication, she clarified, “Mr.
Clark’s involvement is also for the benefit of Prosperity Group.
I too aspire to enhance my skills as quickly as possible.
I’m extremely grateful for today.
”
Her words were so well-phrased that Nikolai refrained from further teasing and resumed their design discussion.
As Stella and Matthew prepared to leave, Nikolai suddenly said, “Since I’ve assisted you, would you be willing to do me a small favor?”
Stella was surprised, but she didn’t refuse.
“I’d be honored to help.
”
With a playful wink, Nikolai said, “It’s nothing major.
I simply would like you to try on a dress.
”
“Me?” Stella asked hesitantly.
###chapter485
“Are you sure you want me to be the one to try on the dress?”
Given Nikolai’s stature in the industry, she assumed he’d have a cadre of professional models at his disposal.
Why would he want her to do it?
Nikolai arched an eyebrow, confirming, “Yes.
I’ve just created a new dress and haven’t found the right model yet.
I believe you’d be an excellent fit.
”
Though puzzled, Stella didn’t decline.
After all, it seemed like a minor favor.
“I’ll give it a try, but I can’t promise it will look as you envision.
”
“Don’t worry about that,” Nikolai assured her with a confident smile.
“I trust my judgment.
”
He escorted Stella to another room, where a single champagne-colored fishtail evening gown awaited her.
“Go ahead and try it on.
We’ll wait outside,” he instructed.
Nodding, Stella quickly stepped into the room and shut the door behind her.
After slipping into the gown, Stella reemerged.
Nikolai’s eyes immediately focused on her.
The form-fitting fishtail gown perfectly accentuated Stella’s physique.
Its design was sleek and uncluttered, emanating an understated elegance.
“Do I look okay in this?” Stella inquired anxiously.
Nikolai nodded his head.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“You look stunning! So stunning! You’re the model I’ve been searching for.
”
Initially, he had modest expectations of Matthew’s taste.
But now he found himself at a loss for words to describe Stella’s allure.
As the saying went, “The clothes make the person.
”
Matthew remained quiet but his expression spoke volumes.
Though he had seen Stella in formal attire before, he never anticipated each outfit could bring out an even more captivating aspect of her.
Blushing at Nikolai’s lavish compliments, Stella asked shyly, “Do you really think so?”
Nikolai nodded.
###chapter486
“Yes!”
He waved his hand and added, “This gown is yours now.
”
“What?” Stella exclaimed, visibly taken aback.
“I can’t accept this.
It’s far too much.
You’ve already helped me today and I’ve given you nothing in return.
”
The clothes designed by Nikolai were marked with limited edition.
Stella couldn’t accept such an expensive dress.
“It’s just a dress.
” Nikolai dismissed her concerns airily.
“I’m pleased that a design of mine has found its rightful wearer.
”
Still, Stella didn’t know what to do.
Matthew echoed, “The dress fits you very well.
”
Stella turned to Matthew.
When their eyes met, her heart skipped a beat.
Matthew advised, “Nikolai isn’t someone who takes kindly to refusals.
If he wishes to gift it to you, you should accept.
”
“Exactly, I don’t take back what I’ve offered,” Nikolai concurred.
Eventually persuaded, Stella reluctantly agreed.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Alright, thank you.
”
She returned to the room to change, still bewildered by the notion of accepting such an extravagant gift.
How could she just accept it?
Back in the living room, Matthew turned to Nikolai.
“I owe you one for today.
”
His tone was tinged with euphoria.
Nikolai shrugged it off “Stella genuinely complements the dress.
You don’t owe me anything.
He poured himself a glass of water and, as if an idea had just occurred to him, announced, “But I do expect front-row seats when Stella’s fashion line is unveiled.
”
###chapter487
It was a reasonable request, to which Matthew readily consented.
“Consider it done.
”
As night descended, Matthew and Stella made their way back to Seamarsh.
Fairwa was situated on the outskirts, and the streets were relatively deserted with only the occasional passing car beneath the dimly lit streetlamps.
Unlike the city, the air was a little chilly.
On the return journey, Matthew took the wheel once more, resuming the role of the driver.
The car was enveloped in silence.
Stella glanced at her watch and noticed the lateness of the hour.
Concerned that Matthew might grow drowsy, she initiated a conversation to keep him alert.
“Mr.
Clark, when did you get into design?” she asked softly.
Matthew pondered briefly before answering, “Before I returned to the Clark family.
”
“Why did you decide to learn design?” Stella probed further, intrigued.
As she had been adopted from an orphanage, she had been under Clint’s guidance since a tender age, profoundly influenced by his passion for design.
It was through this early exposure that she developed a budding appreciation for the field, eventually sparking her own interest in design.
As she grew older, she pursued formal education in design by enrolling in a design school, seeking a structured and systematic approach to her passion.
It was likely that she wouldn’t have pursued a design education if it hadn’t been for her grandfather’s guidance and mentorship.
Prior to Matthew’s return to the Clark family, both he and Amara faced considerable challenges and difficulties in their lives.
Stella found it difficult to fathom how Matthew could endure hardships and focus on learning amid such circumstances.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew said, “I’m was just interested.
”
It was a brief and to the point.
Stella didn’t know how to respond.
Realizing his reply was a bit too curt, he elaborated, “My mother was always busy working, and I found myself with idle time.
So, I started attending design classes and reading books on the subject.
”
Matthew stopped there.
He didn’t tell Stella the part where he worked for other studios to make ends meet.
She didn’t need to know this.
Sensing his hardship, Stella felt a pang of empathy.
She also decided to share her experience.
###chapter488
“I enrolled in design school on my own.
It was expensive.
I remember not replacing my sketching pen until it was too short to hold.
And white paint.
Always rationing it to make it Last.
”
Their eyes met and they smiled.
Both of them were able to find camaraderie in their shared struggles.
For that fleeting moment, they both forgot the hierarchical supervisor-subordinate relationship that normally defined their interactions.
It felt great to learn more about each other’s past.
Upon arriving at Prosper Bay, Stella disembarked and bid Matthew farewell.
“Mr.
Clark, thanks for tonight.
Drive safely.
”
“Stella,” Matthew called out, a softer tone creeping into his voice.
Stella’s eyelashes quivered slightly.
“Yes? Is there anything else?”
Matthew held her gaze for a moment longer, then shook his head.
“Nothing.
Get some rest.
Good night.
”
“Good night,” she echoed, turning to leave.
As she walked away, determination hardened Matthew’s expression.
Tomorrow was crucial.
He couldn’t afford to lose.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The next morning, Prosperity Group’s largest conference room buzzed with the presence of executives, shareholders, and even Waldo was present.
The main agenda was to vote for the Fairwa project.
Jeremy, oozing confidence, was the first to arrive.
He had already secured Waldo’s tacit endorsement.
He also had been schmoozing with several key shareholders recently.
In his mind, victory was guaranteed.
Jeremy took a seat and engaged in casual conversation with those around him.
If his plan were to be approved this time, it would not only deal a significant blow to Matthew but also establish a solid position for himself within Prosperity Group.
After a while, the meeting room’s door swung open once more.
Matthew walked in.
ALL eyes turned to him, eager for the drama to unfold.
###chapter489
“You’re just in time.
I was beginning to think you wouldn’t show,”
Jeremy sneered.
“I wouldn’t miss this for the world, especially not the part where you lose,” Matthew retorted, locking eyes with him.
Jeremy’s face soured, but he tried to fake a smile.
“We’ll see.
”
Tension hung heavily in the meeting room, as a palpable sense of competition filled the air.
The others remained silent, their attention fixed solely on the two individuals.
As the meeting commenced, Jeremy took the lead in presenting his plan.
He exuded confidence as he delivered his presentation.
“Fairwa offers vast expanses of undeveloped land.
My vision? A racetrack.
And I can guarantee a 200% profit within three years.
”
Whispers filled the room, soon giving way to enthusiastic applause.
Jeremy reveled in it, casting a provocative glance at Matthew.
“Your turn.
”
Matthew stood, straightening his jacket, and advanced to the front.
Jeremy sank into his chair, a smirk on his face.
He viewed Matthew not as a threat, but as a mere formality before his inevitable victory.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew stood impeccably dressed in a handmade black suit, which showcased his lithe frame, giving him an air of stature.
His demeanor, though outwardly calm, radiated an undeniable authority.
“I propose transforming Fairwa into a tourist attraction,” he stated, his voice maintaining a cool undertone.
Jeremy smirked, unimpressed.
Initially, he had held high hopes for Matthew’s plan, but it had ultimately revealed itself to be nothing more than an average tourist attraction.
In his view, Matthew’s proposal had lost its competitive edge.
Jeremy sat in his seat with his legs crossed, looking relaxed.
“A tourist attraction? That’s your big plan?”
Unfazed, Matthew carried on, “Fairwa has a unique, blue, tear-shaped lake.
With proper development, it could be a major tourist attraction.
###chapter490
I also intend to establish a conservation base focusing on the Swamp Cypress.
”
Matthew then cast a pointed look at Jeremy.
“While the profit margins may not rival Jeremy’s immediate projections, this plan aligns us with government interests.
And that will be invaluable for Prosperity Group’s future.
”
Matthew’s words were met with only a smattering of applause, far less than what Jeremy had garnered.
Jeremy couldn’t help but widen his satisfied smile.
Following their presentations, the others began casting their votes.
Jeremy appeared confident and smug, but his satisfaction was short- lived.
As it turned out, Waldo voted for Matthew’s proposal.
Waldo pointed out that while Matthew’s plan might not yield high profits immediately, it had substantial potential for future profit growth.
Subsequently, other votes started to pour in for Matthew.
Against all odds, he won.
‘s BunnyBookery
Jeremy’s face transformed into a mask of frustration and disbelief.
Those who had previously pledged support had changed allegiance.
He clenched his fists, his eyes brimming with frustration and anger.
He was about to protest, but he saw Waldo nod approvingly at Matthew, he bit back his ions.
Challenging the outcome now might irrevocably damage Waldo’s impression of him.
Jeremy tried to endure it.
As soon as the meeting concluded, he appeared visibly distraught.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Without uttering a word, he forcefully slammed the door and departed in a huff.
A few days later, Matthew’s plan received approval from the local government and garnered robust support.
The government agreed to participate in the project, with Prosperity Group serving as the primary investor.
This partnership aimed to transform Fairwa into a prominent tourist destination.
Prosperity Group announced a celebratory banquet at Seamarsh Hotel.
Word spread that a bonus was also on the horizon, sending a wave of excitement through the company.
All the employees were excited to hear the news.
“I hope Mr.
Clark will gets more huge projects so that we can also get a share.
”
“With the government’s backing for the Fairwa project, our company can look forward to increased stability in the future.
The more such opportunities arise, the better for us.
”
###chapter491
Stella also heard of the news.
She was genuinely pleased for Matthew.
His dedication and hard work had paid off, and she was thrilled to see it recognized.
That evening, employees and senior executives piled into the waiting cars, heading for Seamarsh Hotel.
Stella found herself in the same van as Matthew.
When Matthew noticed an empty seat, he asked the deputy director, Sutton Martel, “Where is Jeremy?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Sutton replied softly, “He’s taken a week’s leave due to illness.
”
Matthew nodded, absorbing the information in silence.
Just then, several employees’ phones buzzed simultaneously.
A senior manager whispered, “The bonuses have been disbursed.
”
As everyone reached for their phone, Stella did the same.
When she saw the number, her eyes widened in disbelief.
Two hundred thousand?
Stella checked and double-checked, making sure she wasn’t mistaken.
Indeed, the bonus was a staggering two hundred thousand.
Stella felt her heartbeat quicken as she keenly observed the reactions of those around her.
From the looks of it, everyone seemed satisfied with the bonuses they had received.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She was uncertain about the exact amounts others had gotten, but she was fairly certain nobody got the same high amount as hers.
Stella’s face took on a serious expression.
She wondered whether there had been a mistake in the finance department, and made a mental note to speak with the accountants the next workday.
With that thought in mind, Stella hurriedly slipped her phone back into her pocket as if it were a hot potato.
Taking a deep breath, she intentionally steered clear of any conversations about the bonus with her colleagues.
Matthew, seated in the passenger seat, caught sight of Stella’s expression, and his eyebrows knit together.
Stella seemed bothered.
Could it be that she was discontent with her bonus?
His confusion increased, and his frown deepened.
###chapter492
They arrived at the hotel soon after.
A large crowd went into the building.
Due to the extensive workforce at Prosperity Group, all the private rooms on the entire floor had been booked.
Each private room contained only two tables.
Stella found herself at the same table as Matthew.
The dishes were served quickly, and as soon as they sat down, the waiter arranged all the dishes.
Stella kept her focus on her meal, avoiding eye contact.
Halfway through, Sutton suddenly stood and raised his glass to Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, on behalf of everyone at Prosperity Group, cheers to you.
Your leadership has brought our project immense success.
Under your guidance, Prosperity Group’s future Looks promising.
”
After these lofty words, Sutton drank the whole glass of wine.
For the first time, Matthew didn’t decline the toast and took a small sip.
With this, other executives stood and offered their toasts to Matthew.
Stella followed suit, lifting her glass to say, “Mr.
Clark, I toast to you.
”
Matthew responded with a nod and downed his glass.
Stella didn’t expect his enthusiasm.
Regaining her composure, she quickly emptied her own glass.
As she was about to sit, Matthew spoke up.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Stella has been instrumental in the project’s success.
”
Caught off guard, Stella was flustered.
She hadn’t expected Matthew to publicly recognize her contributions in front of other senior executives.
She quickly raised her glass again.
“The credit largely goes to you.
I’ve only played a minor role.
Another toast to you, Mr.
Clark.
”
She then drained her wine glass once more.
Everyone at the table seemed to grasp the unspoken words and refrained from probing further.
Occasionally, staff from other private rooms came to offer toasts to Matthew, most of which were female employees.
###chapter493
Matthew was, after all, an attractive boss, and no one wanted to miss the opportunity to interact with him.
He either sipped a bit or declined the drinks, and nobody dared to offer a comment.
As the meal drew to a close, everyone was a bit tipsy.
Yet Matthew remained seated, preserving his dignified persona.
Stella, however, sensed that he too was drunk, although he was trying not to show it.
As the night waned, people began to leave him for home.
Concerned, Stella chose to stay behind.
Fernando helped Matthew onto the sofa and asked Stella, “Could you watch over Mr.
Clark for a moment? I’ll be right back with the car.
”
“Of course.
” Stella agreed without hesitation.
Matthew smelled strongly of alcohol, and even from a distance, Stella couldn’t ignore it.
She looked at him with worry.
To her understanding, Matthew rarely overindulged unless something was troubling him.
Did he drink excessively tonight because of the project’s success, or did he have another argument with his wife?
Noticing his discomfort, Stella thought to get him a glass of water.
As she turned to go, Matthew’s voice stopped her.
“Don’t go.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella froze.
In the next instant, Matthew murmured, “Honey.
.
Stella was dumbfounded.
Before she could collect her thoughts, Matthew gripped her wrist.
Spinning around in astonishment, she found him with his eyes shut, murmuring, “Honey…
“Mr.
Clark, you’re mistaken.
I’m Stella.
Please come to your senses.
”
As she spoke, Stella attempted to separate her wrist from Matthew’s grasp.
But Matthew was inebriated, and his hold was surprisingly firm.
Unable to free herself, Stella stumbled and landed on the sofa, coming into close proximity with Matthew.
###chapter494
His warm breath, tinged with the scent of alcohol, enveloped her, and the atmosphere took on a romantic hue.
Feeling uncomfortable, Stella continued to struggle to release herself, but the more she resisted, the tighter his grip became.
Matthew’s large hand enveloped Stella’s smaller one, causing her heart to race uncontrollably.
Cautiously glancing around, fearful of being seen, Stella whispered to Matthew, “Mr.
Clark, look closely.
I’m Stella, not your wife.
”
Matthew opened his eyes, insisting, “I’m not drunk.
You are my wife.
”
His words only made Stella believe that he was intoxicated.
Growing increasingly concerned, Stella raised her voice.
“Mr.
Clark, you’ve got it wrong! I’m not your wife!”
Matthew’s eyes, red and unblinking, locked onto hers.
Whether it was due to alcohol or some other factor, he appeared unusually aggressive.
He leaned in closer, his voice hoarse.
“You are… my wife.
”
Stella instinctively put her hand on his chest to maintain distance.
“Snap out of it.
I am not your wife! If you continue this…”
Her warning went unheeded.
A drunkard was not easily reasoned with.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Tears filled Stella’s eyes as she felt a surge of helplessness.
Just when she was at her wit’s end, the pressure on her wrist loosened.
Seizing the opportunity, Stella pulled away, and Matthew slumped onto the sofa, eyes shut, as if the recent struggle had been a mere figment of her imagination.
Skeptically eyeing the man before her, Stella didn’t breathe easy until she was certain he had fallen asleep.
She hastily retreated from the sofa and stood at a distance.
With reddened eyes, she mumbled, “If you miss your wife, go home.
Don’t involve me.
”
Soon, Fernando returned.
Stella quickly lowered her head to wipe away her tears.
“Would you like a lift home, Stella?” Fernando inquired as he helped Matthew to his feet.
I can drive you home first.
”
Swiftly turning her head, Stella declined, “No, thank you.
A friend is picking me up.
You should get Mr.
Clark home before he causes any more trouble.
”
After uttering these words, Stella turned and left, leaving Fernando bewildered.
###chapter495
Matthew in a drunken fit?
He had never seen him in such a state before.
The next day, Stella awoke from a nightmare.
In it, Matthew had also been calling her his wife, but his tone was far more intimate than she was comfortable with.
Sitting up on her bed, Stella panted, still shaken by the dream.
It must have been yesterday’s encounter with Matthew that rattled her.
Wiping sweat from her brow, Stella felt a sense of dread at the thought of facing Matthew at work today.
‘s BunnyBookery
Upon arriving at the company, she coincidentally ran into Bryce, an employee from the finance department.
Recalling the issue with the bonus, Stella hurriedly approached him.
“Bryce?”
“Stella? What can I do for you?” Bryce stopped to ask.
Cutting straight to the point, Stella began, “I wanted to talk to you about the bonus I received yesterday…”
Before she could complete her sentence, Matthew’s voice interrupted from behind.
“What’s wrong with the bonus?”
Stella almost jumped out in surprise.
Reflecting on the awkward events of the prior evening, a sense of unease washed over her whenever she thought of Matthew.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Attempting to evade the issue, Stella said, “I just ran into Bryce; we were having a chat.
”
Matthew’s lips pressed together in a tight Line.
Sensing Matthew’s dissatisfaction, Bryce quickly intervened, “Stella was inquiring about her bonus.
She seems to have some questions.
”
Feeling that he should steer clear of the situation, Bryce left it at that.
Stella hadn’t anticipated Bryce would be so direct with Matthew, so she conceded, “It’s not a big issue; Bryce and I can discuss it.
”
“Come to my office,” Matthew stated resolutely.
With that, he stepped into the elevator, leaving no room for Stella to decline.
Feeling cornered, Stella had no option but to follow him.
Once inside the office, Matthew removed his suit jacket and took a seat.
###chapter496
Gazing at Stella, he inquired, “Do you have any concerns about your bonus?”
Keeping a straight face, Stella replied curtly, “I received a bonus of two hundred thousand last night, yet I wasn’t involved in the Fairwa project’s planning.
Is this bonus warranted?”
She rattled off her words, desiring to wrap up the conversation and exit the office as swiftly as possible.
The mere presence of Matthew reminded her of last night’s awkwardness, making her increasingly uncomfortable.
‘s BunnyBookery
“You’ve earned that bonus,” Matthew responded calmly.
After a brief pause, he elaborated, “During our field visit to Fairwa, I considered your input.
Your advice contributed to the project’s success.
Hence, your substantial contribution.
”
Stella’s brows furrowed.
“But two hundred thousand seems excessive.
”
“This project is projected to yield billions in profit,” Matthew responded, unfazed.
Stella’s expression turned to one of astonishment.
She had not foreseen such a figure.
“Still think two hundred thousand is too much?” Matthew questioned.
Stella was at a loss for words.
On second thought, she realized that compared to a multi-million dollar project, two hundred thousand was indeed a drop in the bucket.
Shaking her head, she said, “Then, I have no more issues with it.
Thank you, Mr.
Clark, for clarifying.
I won’t take up any more of your time.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Wishing to exit as quickly as possible, Stella turned around.
However, Matthew halted her.
“Hold on.
”
A sense of nervousness crept over Stella, but she maintained a polite demeanor.
“Is there anything else?”
Matthew hesitated momentarily.
“About last night…”
Stella interrupted him.
“Mr.
Clark, you had too much to drink last night.
It would be prudent to moderate your alcohol consumption at social events to maintain a professional image.
” Her tone was calculated, mirroring the cautiousness she had exhibited in her prior public relations role.
###chapter497
A hint of disappointment crossed Matthew’s face.
She wouldn’t even address it.
Eager to end the conversation, Stella glanced at her wristwatch.
“Mr.
Clark, I have work to attend to.
If there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave.
”
Matthew nodded silently.
Without a second thought, Stella walked out the door.
Reaching her workstation, she gulped down water and refocused on her tasks.
Composing herself, she activated her tablet PC and started drawing.
Her conversation with Nikolai had sparked numerous ideas, compelling her to create design sketches immediately.
Once she had committed all her thoughts to paper, she felt a wave of relief.
She presented the design to Devyn and asked, “What’s your opinion on this one?”
After scrutinizing the design for a moment, Devyn beamed and gave Stella a thumbs up.
“Incredible.
The moment I saw this, I visualized Kaia.
It’s as if it’s custom-made for her.
”
Hearing this, Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
“You can have the models come in for fittings once the sample garments are ready.
” Devyn handed the tablet back to Stella.
Stella nodded.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Picking up her pen to fine-tune some details, she felt a pang of concern.
She doubted that Kaia would be willing to collaborate.
Nevertheless, she would have to navigate around Kaia based on how things unfolded.
Stella sighed and resumed her adjustments to the design.
Two days passed in a whirlwind, and Stella’s designs had all been transformed into sample garments.
Her first order of business was to dress the mannequins and capture them in photographs.
After a series of intense meetings in the design department, Stella continued to fine-tune her design drafts and sample garments.
She finally managed to allocate some time to complete the final design drawings.
With a sense of urgency, Stella hurried over to the clothing department.
She presented her finalized design drawings to the director, anxiety creeping over her as she noticed his hesitant expression.
###chapter498
“What’s the matter?” Stella inquired anxiously.
“Is there a problem?”
The director placed her design drawings down and admitted, “There are no issues with the other two pieces, but the third piece features golden lace as its primary material.
It’s precious and notoriously challenging to inlay.
Our company has limited stock, and we’d need to source it from France.
”
“Can you contact our branch in France immediately?” Stella asked urgently.
The director shook his head, delivering a disheartening verdict.
“Even if we expedite the shipment, it won’t arrive until next week at the earliest.
”
Stella’s forehead wrinkled with distress.
“No, next week will be too late.
I’ve arranged for models to try on the sample garments this afternoon, and the garments need to be displayed next week.
We can’t afford a week’s delay.
”
The director sighed heavily.
“This is quite a predicament.
”
“Do you have any other suggestions?” Stella asked earnestly.
After a moment of reflection, the director proposed an alternative.
“How about informing Mr.
Clark and requesting his assistance in contacting our cooperative companies? Some of them might provide the materials we need.
”
Upon hearing the idea of reaching out to Matthew, Stella hesitated.
She furrowed her brows and inquired, “Is that our only option?”
The director nodded solemnly.
“Otherwise, we’ll have to wait until next week to secure the materials.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Left with no other viable alternatives, Stella reluctantly consented.
“Alright, I’ll go seek Mr.
Clark’s assistance.
Please start working on the sample garments.
We’ll need them for the design meeting later.
”
“Understood, the director responded, immediately setting his team to work.
In the afternoon, a design meeting convened, attended by three models and several senior leaders from the design department.
Among them was Matthew, a figure whose presence demanded respect and attention.
Standing before the assembly, Stella commenced her presentation of the design concept for the series of clothing.
“Our primary color scheme for this collection is red, with three distinct variations…”
Kaia, however, paid no heed to Stella’s design concept.
###chapter499
Her full attention was directed towards Matthew, and she couldn’t help but notice his appreciative and loving gaze fixed upon Stella.
Loving gaze…
Kaia squinted, her eyes narrowing as she shifted her focus back to Stella’s presentation.
Stella’s presentation was drawing to a close, and she was about to announce the main model for the collection.
That was when Kaia finally started paying attention.
But when she heard Stella’s choice, her countenance darkened.
Stella selected Flossie as the main model!
For someone of Kaia’s reputation and standing, this was a demotion to a supporting role for a lesser-known model.
Stella did it on purpose!
Kaia glared at Stella, her eyes seething with anger.
She couldn’t hide her frustration.
Seeing that Kaia remained in her seat, Stella kindly reminded her, “Kaia, please join Flossie in trying on the sample garments.
If you encounter any issues, we can address them promptly.
”
“No, I won’t go,” Kaia retorted defiantly.
“I just want to ask you, Stella, by what criteria did you select the main model?”
Kaia openly voiced her protest.
“I know you’ve been unhappy with how I entered the Prosperity Group.
If you’re trying to humiliate me in this manner, just say it outright.
There’s no need to beat around the bush.
”
The atmosphere in the room grew tense, with everyone feeling the awkwardness of the situation.
They had all heard about Kaia’s unconventional path to joining Prosperity Group, and the animosity between her and Stella was an open secret.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Moreover, everyone was well aware that the conflict between the two women was rooted in their feelings for one man.
All eyes turned to Matthew, silently questioning him.
Matthew, seated calmly with his long legs crossed, exuded an air of dignified composure.
His impeccably tailored black suit remained pristine, and his arms rested casually on either side of the chair.
He maintained his silence, his countenance dark and unreadable, prompting curiosity among the onlookers.
As Stella was about to clarify matters, Matthew abruptly stood up.
With measured steps, he approached Stella and delivered his words in a voice dripping with frost, sending a shiver down everyone’s spine.
“Kaia, this is not the appropriate venue for your self-importance.
If you’re dissatisfied, you’re free to leave.
Prosperity Group can easily find models more suitable than you.
”
###chapter500
Kaia was seething with anger.
Not only did she fail to see Stella face any repercussions, but she was also scolded by Matthew.
Despite her fury, Kaia knew that she couldn’t lose her temper in front of a crowd.
She reluctantly picked up the sample dress and headed to the fitting room.
She swore she would make Stella pay.
Each step Kaia took was punctuated with frustration, her anger simmering just beneath the surface.
As she passed by the break room, her ears perked up at the sound of voices inside.
She caught the name “Stella” being mentioned.
Her curiosity piqued, Kaia decided to eavesdrop on the conversation.
They were discussing issues with the series of clothing designs.
Intrigued, Kaia decided to join the conversation.
She greeted the two women from the clothing department and inquired, “I overheard that there might be an issue with the clothing.
Can you tell me what happened?”
The two women recognized Kaia and her close association with Matthew, so they decided to confide in her.
“It’s not a major problem, really.
Stella’s clothing designs require golden lace, but our stock is quite limited.
We’re planning to have some transferred from abroad, but it’ll take about a week.
”
“Is that so? What a pity!” Kaia pretended to express sympathy.
Observing the sample dress in her hand, she began to formulate a plan.
After changing into the sample dress, Kaia returned to the meeting room, where the three models stood side by side.
Their eyes were fixed on Stella, and they showered her with praise.
Suddenly, Kaia, who had previously been arrogant, adopted a more humble demeanor.
She turned her attention to Stella and inquired, “Why does the sample dress I’m wearing look different from the one in the design drawing? The design sketch features golden lace embellishments, which are the highlight of the dress.
”
“Can you explain this?” Others chimed in with their own questions.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella hadn’t anticipated Kaia raising the issue so soon.
She had intended to discuss it with Matthew later.
Nevertheless, she remained composed and offered an explanation.
“There’s a limited supply of this specific material within Prosperity Group.
I spoke to the clothing department, and we decided to use this material solely on the ready-made garments, but it’s still insufficient.
”
She paused and turned to Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, could you please contact the French suppliers to secure more of this golden lace, or find a reliable domestic supplier?”
Matthew nodded in agreement.
“I’ll take care of it.
”
###chapter501
“I have an idea.
” At that moment, Kaia interjected with her own suggestion.
“I realize that I was hasty earlier when I requested to be the main model.
After seeing the fitting effect on Flossie, I now believe that Stella’s decision was the right one.
Flossie is indeed better suited for the role.
”
She had recently clashed with Stella, so openly volunteering to help her might raise suspicions.
Kaia needed to dispel any doubts.
Flossie, in response, humbly waved her hand and stated, “You’re an exemplary model for all of us.
There’s much I can learn from you.
”
Kaia offered some more insincere words before turning her attention back to Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, since joining Prosperity Group, I consider myself a part of the team.
This special material is mainly intended for my dress, so I’ll reach out to my grandfather for assistance.
”
Matthew studied Kaia for a moment, making her feel uneasy.
Fortunately, he didn’t question her motives in the end and agreed.
“Very well, I’ll compensate your grandfather at market rates.
”
Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
The following day, Kaia instructed her agent to deliver the material to Prosperity Group.
Stella received the delivery personally, inspecting it to ensure there were no issues.
She then instructed the clothing department to start crafting the ready-made garments as swiftly as possible.
However, that afternoon, Stella received an urgent call from the clothing department.
The voice on the other end was fraught with anxiety and urgency.
“I’ve completed the dress, but something has gone terribly wrong.
”
Stella’s heart raced as she received the urgent call from the clothing department.
She rushed over to the clothing department with a sense of foreboding, her mind racing with possibilities.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What happened?” Stella asked in a serious tone.
“There’s a problem with the dress, Stella.
We didn’t notice until it was finished, but there’s a bright golden yellow color mixed in with the gold thread.
”
Stella’s eyes widened in shock as she examined the dress they had placed before her.
The two colors were very similar and couldn’t be distinguished with the naked eye, but after the clothes were made, the obvious difference could be seen.
The issue was immediately apparent-the golden lace, which should have been a uniform and Luxurious gold, now appeared mottled with bright yellow streaks, giving it a gaudy and uneven appearance.
The effect was disastrous.
The dress was ruined, and the expensive materials had been wasted.
“Where’s the rest of the threads?” Stella inquired with a furrowed brow.
###chapter502
The craftsman shook his head, disheartened.
“We’ve checked, and it appears that the remaining threads have the same issue.
They’re all mixed with the two colors.
”
Other employees in the clothing department all looked frustrated.
“How could this happen?”
“Didn’t Kaia help procure the threads? How could it turn out like this?”
The director hurried over upon hearing the commotion.
After learning of the situation, he felt the weight of the responsibility and muttered awkwardly, “I’ll inform Mr.
Clark immediately to determine how to handle this matter.
”
With that, he hastily left the room, leaving a sense of unease hanging in the air.
Sympathetic glances were directed towards Stella, who couldn’t shake the feeling of guilt.
She believed that if she had been more diligent when inspecting the material, this disaster could have been averted.
The dress, if made with alternative threads, would likely not achieve the desired effect on the T-stage.
Stella’s spirits sank to their lowest point, and she felt a deep sense of responsibility.
Amid the uncertainty, Kaia entered the room with an unaffected demeanor.
“Why is everyone gathered here?” She wore a warm smile that contrasted with the tension in the room.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I happened to pass by and decided to check in.
I’ve already instructed my agent to deliver the material this morning.
Have you started crafting the dress? I’d Love to take a look.
”
The moment Kaia’s voice reached Stella’s ears, she turned to face her with a serious expression.
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Kaia inquired, maintaining her friendly smile.
The atmosphere in the room grew increasingly tense as those present exchanged uneasy glances.
Kaia, pretending to notice the dress on the table, picked it up and examined it with an air of disbelief.
“Isn’t this the dress I’m supposed to wear? Why does it look like this?”
The room fell into a heavy silence, with everyone avoiding eye contact.
Kaia, feigning regret, spoke up.
“My grandfather went to great lengths to secure the material, but now it’s been ruined like this.
Stella, even if you have a bone to pick with me, was it necessary to go this far?”
###chapter503
Stella’s face darkened, but she remained silent.
She had a sinking feeling that Kaia had set a trap for her, and arguing at this point would likely be futile.
The priority now was to address the issue with the materials.
Stella responded calmly, “We’re working on resolving it.
”
“I have an idea.
” Kaia had a condition in mind.
Stella frowned, feeling that Kaia was ill-intentioned.
Kaia continued, “I can appeal to my grandfather for assistance, but there’s one condition.
Stella, you must compensate for the cost.
”
The room was filled with stunned silence.
The threads were exceedingly rare and valuable, and the cost was exorbitant.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella’s expression changed as she contemplated the consequences.
Kaia’s smug expression confirmed Stella’s suspicions.
She had indeed fallen into Kaia’s trap.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Kaia sensed that Stella had no choice, and she pressed her further.
“So, Stella, do you agree? If you do, I’ll call my grandfather right away.
”
Stella furrowed her brows.
Before she could respond, a voice called out, “Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew, wearing an impassive expression, entered the room with the director of the sample clothing department in tow.
He asked, “What happened?”
Kaia wasted no time in presenting the ruined dress to Matthew, her tone sharp.
“Look, Matthew, the dress has been ruined by Stella.
How can she be the chief designer?”
Matthew glanced at the dress but ignored Kaia’s accusations.
Instead, he turned his attention to Stella, his voice devoid of emotion.
“Stella, what happened? Tell me.
”
There was no expression on his face.
###chapter504
To Kaia’s surprise, Matthew did not react angrily to the news.
She clenched her clothes tightly and bit her lip in frustration.
Stella met Matthew’s unwavering gaze and replied calmly, “Mr.
Clark, I’ve found a solution to this issue.
Please don’t worry.
Kaia snorted and said in a sharp voice, “What solution can you have?”
Stella’s voice remained composed as she continued, “We just need to separate the two different colored threads, and the dress can be salvaged.
”
Hearing what Stella said, Kaia and other colleagues showed an expression of disbelief.
They whispered to each other.
“Gold threads are extremely thin, and the two colors are nearly identical.
They reflect light differently under various angles.
How can we possibly distinguish them?”
“It might work for a small quantity, but with the volume we have, it’s practically impossible.
” Another colleague shook her head and didn’t agree with Stella’s suggestion at all.
“Sorting the threads for an extended period will strain our eyes and increase the risk of making mistakes, ultimately ruining the entire dress.
”
The hushed discussions continued, and Kaia was pleased to see that Stella’s plan was met with skepticism.
She had anticipated Stella’s unwavering determination and was prepared to let her have her way.
Since Stella was unwilling to accept her proposal and insisted on using such an absurd method, she would naturally let her do it.
The other colleagues sympathized with Stella and stepped forward to persuade Stella one by one.
“You’d better think of another way.
It won’t work.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“If it doesn’t work, we can buy another batch of threads.
Losing some money is more reliable than delaying the production.
”
However, Stella was not discouraged.
Despite the growing chorus of opposition, she held her ground and looked at her watch.
“Mr.
Clark,” Stella addressed Matthew, “we have three hours left until the end of the workday.
Please grant me the opportunity to rectify this.
”
With renewed determination, Stella continued, “If I can’t complete the task by the end of the workday, I am willing to accept any consequences and cover the cost of purchasing new materials.
”
Before Matthew could respond, Kaia interjected once more.
“If she fails to resolve this by the end of the day, may I suggest replacing her with a more competent designer?”
To conceal her ulterior motive, Kaia elaborated with a smile, “I’ve worked with numerous designers before, and none of them have made such grave mistakes.
I believe Stella may not be suitable for this position.
”
Stella responded confidently, “No problem.
”
Devyn, feeling the tension in the room, whispered to Stella, “Are you sure about this?”
###chapter505
Stella offered a reassuring smile and gently patted Devyn’s hand to signify that she knew what she was doing.
Despite Kaia’s mocking demeanor, Stella had a plan in mind.
She would not allow Kaia’s schemes to succeed.
The people in the design department continued to chatter, clearly doubting Stella’s abilities.
“What is Stella going to do? It’s not easy for her to take this position.
Why not give this position to others?”
“Anyway, she has to pay sooner or later.
It’s better to buy the threads now and buy more time to make the clothes.
”
As discussions in the design department escalated and doubts continued to be cast upon Stella’s ability, Matthew’s voice resonated through the room once more.
“Do whatever you need to do.
”
With Matthew’s endorsement, Stella felt significantly relieved.
She beamed at him, saying, “Everyone, please proceed with your tasks.
Devyn will assist me.
”
Acknowledging this, Matthew echoed, “Follow Stella’s instructions.
Continue with your work.
”
Reluctantly, the rest of the design team departed, but not before reassuring Stella that they were available if she needed any help.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella gave them a nod.
After everyone had left, Matthew said, “I’ll have Fernando clear out the meeting room.
It’s a quiet space where you can work.
”
Stella felt grateful for Matthew’s thoughtful arrangement.
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
“Have some food and beverages placed in the meeting room,”
Matthew instructed Fernando before exiting the room.
Though concerned, Matthew held out hope that Stella would resolve the issue effectively.
It would help reestablish her position in the design department.
Devyn and Stella moved the materials into the meeting room.
Eyeing the threads sprawled on the table, Devyn expressed her concern.
###chapter506
“Can the two of us really sort these different-colored threads within three hours?”
This was unfamiliar territory for her.
“yhat if we can’t finish it?”
Cutting her off, Stella confidently declared, “We will complete it.
”
Handing two differently colored threads to Devyn, she reassured her, “I have a knack for distinguishing colors.
I’ll sort the threads, and you can organize them.
”
Despite this, Devyn couldn’t hide her concern.
“What if we fail? You could lose your position in the department.
”
Stella responded nonchalantly, “Don’t worry.
The more important thing now is to act swiftly and do our best to accomplish this task.
Everything else is out of our control.
”
With that, Stella began sorting the threads out.
Watching Stella’s swift movements, Devyn’s eyes widened in awe.
“You’re incredibly fast! Have you done this before?”
Stella continued working diligently and responded, “Ever play any color identification games?”
“No.
” Devyn shook her head.
Glancing up, Stella quipped, “I’ve played plenty of those games before.
”
She smiled.
Devyn was surprised.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
But then, Stella’s words reassured Devyn, who then focused intently on her own work.
The room fell silent as both immersed themselves in the task.
During this period, Fernando discreetly entered the room.
Hearing the door open, Stella glanced up briefly before resuming her work.
Fernando placed some food on the table, mentioning, “Mr.
Clark asked me to bring this.
Feel free to eat when you take a break.
”
He suspected, however, that they’d be too busy to eat.
Stella nodded her acknowledgment.
###chapter507
“Please extend my thanks to Mr.
Clark.
”
“Sure,” Fernando replied, then exited quietly without causing further distraction.
Stella and Devyn worked tirelessly for three hours, right up to the final second.
Surveying the two organized piles of materials, they exchanged smiles and embraced in a burst of happiness.
“We did it!” Devyn exclaimed.
Patting Devyn on the shoulder, Stella urged, “Let’s inform Mr.
Clark immediately.
”
As she opened the meeting room door, she found Matthew leaning against the adjacent wall, as if he had been waiting there the whole time.
“Mr.
Clark.
” Stella blinked in surprise.
Matthew straightened up and approached her.
His voice calm yet tinged with anticipation, he inquired, “Is it done?”
Stella nodded assertively, her face lit up with a confident smile.
“We have successfully completed the task!”
“Thank you for your hard work,” Matthew said softly.
“Every single employee in the clothing department is officially on standby.
Send the threads over there so that the clothes will be done as soon as possible.
”
Kaia was waiting in the design department.
She was going to laugh at Stella, but she didn’t expect that Stella finished it on time.
Stella’s speed amazed her, but she didn’t let it show.
“Remember, Stella.
Screw this up again, and you’ll have no other choice but to give up your position.
”
Anger coursed through Matthew’s veins, and his face darkened.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Shut up,” he warned, his voice coming out low and rumbling.
Kaia’s eyes burned in anger, but she knew better than to go toe to toe with a furious Matthew.
She stood in silence, a scowl now very visible on her face.
Without wasting any more time, Stella sent the threads to the clothing department.
Everyone was tense as they waited for the clothes to be produced.
It was nine o’clock when they finally finished the dress.
“It was a success! It came out perfectly well!” the director of the design department yelled.
He had a mix of disbelief, excitement, and surprise on his face as he grinned from ear to ear.
After that, he brought the dress, showcasing it to everyone.
###chapter508
Everyone burst into cheers.
Even Kaia was stunned.
The slim golden lines on the black hem made the dress look unique and pleasing, catching the attention of everyone.
Stella turned to Devyn.
“See? Everyone loves it.
I told you it was great.
You just have to believe in yourself no matter what.
”
Devyn took Stella’s hand in his.
He smiled brightly as he nodded repeatedly.
Matthew stared at Stella.
His eyes were full of gratitude.
“You’re free to get off work,” he said, as a small smile rested on his face.
Everyone in the clothing department began to leave one by one until Stella, Devyn, and a few others were the only ones left.
Meanwhile, Kaia stood there in shock.
She recollected herself and turned to Matthew.
She clenched her jaw in anger as she could feel the pure joy and satisfaction radiating off of him.
She couldn’t find any loopholes to force herself through.
‘s BunnyBookery
What she needed the most right now was to find a way to get Stella out of Prosperity Group.
She decided to get some rest first.
She had had enough for one day.
As she turned around to leave, Matthew’s cold voice came from behind her.
“Kaia Lyons,” he said coldly.
Kaia stopped in her tracks and turned around stiffly.
She grew nervous when she saw the dark expression on his face.
However, she quickly covered it up.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Yeah? What’s up, Matthew?”
“You were behind everything, weren’t you?” he said plainly, an unreadable expression on his face.
Kaia’s eyes widened slightly, but she quickly denied everything.
“Of course not! Why would you even think such a thing? There must be some sort of misunderstanding.
I was the one who provided the threads, so why and how would I do something like that?”
She gave him a sad and betrayed look.
“It’s pretty easy actually.
You did it to set Stella up,” he said emotionlessly, a small frown formed on his face.
ALL the color drained from her face as Kaia stared at him wide eyed.
###chapter509
“It wasn’t me.
You have to believe me, Matthew.
How could you think I would do something like that?”
“That’s enough!” At this point, Matthew was thoroughly irritated and sick of her lies.
“What you don’t know is, I checked the surveillance cameras.
And nobody else touched the goods after they were received by Stella.
And I know she would never do something like that, so it all boils down to you.
”
Kaia broke out in sweat, she could feel her head begin to spin.
She didn’t expect him to check the cameras.
Just for Stella? Why? She was nothing but a mere employee.
How was this the same Matthew she knew back then? He’d definitely changed.
She stepped back slowly.
Fear filling her as she looked at him.
“No… I… It wasn’t me… I swear… I…”
Matthew just stared at her in disappointment.
“Well, I gave you a chance to come clean.
I have no other choice but to fire you.
”
Kaia had not anticipated Matthew’s anger, and panic overcame her.
She looked at him with a pleading, innocent expression.
“Matthew, can you please give me another chance? I know I was wrong, and I promise I won’t repeat my mistakes.
”
The situation had escalated to a point where she had to admit her wrongdoing and keep a low profile, lest she be ousted from Prosperity Group.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The consequences would be unbearable for her.
Matthew remained impassive, his stern demeanor unwavering.
Tears welled up in Kaia’s eyes, and her face turned pale.
She continued to plead, her voice trembling.
“Matthew, please forgive me, for the sake of my grandfather.
I truly won’t make the same mistake again.
”
Considering the bigger picture, Stella interceded on Kaia’s behalf, surprising both Kaia and Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, I believe you should give Kaia another chance.
”
Matthew frowned, clearly at odds with Stella’s suggestion.
Kaia was equally taken aback.
She didn’t expect that Stella would speak for her, but at this moment, she wisely shut her mouth and waited for Stella to continue speaking.
###chapter510
Matthew maintained his silence, urging Stella to continue.
Stella elaborated on her rationale.
“Kaia’s dress has already been designed and the contract has been signed.
If another model showcases it, it may not do justice to the unique beauty of the design.
”
Matthew remained contemplative.
Unsure of Matthew’s thoughts, Stella pressed on.
“As you know, clothing and models go hand in hand, and time is of the essence.
If we hastily find a replacement, the overall effect may be greatly diminished.
This clothing display marks the beginning of Prosperity Group’s journey into the fashion market.
I implore you to reconsider keeping Kaia.
”
She then turned her attention to Kaia.
“Kaia has promised to cooperate with me if I can resolve this issue.
I trust she will honor her word.
”
Kaia knew what was more important and said, “I will cooperate with Stella.
I promise.
”
She looked at Matthew carefully with timidity in her eyes.
Matthew delivered a stern warning to Kaia.
“This is your last chance.
Should you repeat your actions, you will be dismissed from Prosperity Group.
”
Kaia breathed a sigh of relief, acknowledging Matthew’s warning, before she quietly left.
Observing the turn of events, Stella realized that Kaia would not pose an immediate threat.
Her tense nerves finally relaxed, and a wave of fatigue washed over her.
“Mr.
Clark, if there’s nothing else, I’ll head home.
” Stella’s voice held a note of exhaustion as she addressed Matthew.
Matthew nodded in acknowledgment, and Stella took her leave.
Looking at Stella’s receding figure, he wanted to catch up with her, but when he remembered what happed when he was drunk a few days ago, he finally held it back.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Fernando.
” Looking at the direction of the door, Matthew called Fernando.
As Stella reached the first-floor lobby, Fernando caught up with her.
“Stella.
” Fernando quickened his pace to join her.
“I happen to be heading to Mr.
Clark’s villa to retrieve a document.
I can give you a ride home.
”
Stella instinctively glanced behind Fernando but did not see Matthew.
She asked curiously, “Isn’t Mr.
Clark going home?”
###chapter511
“Mr.
Clark has been occupied with numerous tasks recently.
He’s been staying in his office.
Shall we go?” Fernando did not leave room for refusal and led the way.
Stella, with no other immediate plans, followed him.
Once inside the car, Stella leaned back in the seat, her fatigue evident.
Today had been an eventful and exhausting day.
Stella closed her eyes, hoping to catch a moment of respite.
However, her tranquility was interrupted by the ringing of her phone.
She reached for her phone and noticed it was Clint calling.
Surprised, she quickly answered it.
A tone of complaint colored Clint’s voice on the other end.
“Stella, what were you doing today? I called you multiple times, but you didn’t answer.
”
Stella explained softly, “I had a busy day today, and my phone was on silent.
I didn’t hear your calls.
Grandpa, is there something urgent?”
“It’s been several days since you last called me.
I’ve been worried about you.
” The deep timbre of Clint’s voice was comforting to Stella.
“Don’t overexert yourself with work.
If you feel tired, come back to Bysea.
”
Stella glanced at Fernando, who was focused on driving, and lowered her voice.
“I’m not tired.
In fact, I received a bonus from my boss, a substantial amount.
I can buy anything you need.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Keep the money for yourself.
I don’t need anything.
Just remember to visit me more when you have the time.
”
After a few more exchanges, Stella reassured Clint to take care of himself and hung up.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She stowed her phone away and leaned against the window, gazing at the city’s night scenery flashing by.
Every conversation with Clint tugged at her heartstrings, a constant reminder of his ill health and her inability to be there for him.
Observing Stella’s solemn expression in the rearview mirror, Fernando appeared deep in thought.
After her departure from Prosperity Group, Kaia drove straight to Charlene’s residence.
It was late, and Charlene was displeased with Kaia’s abrupt visit.
“Why are you here so late and in such a rush? What if someone saw you?” Charlene scolded her, clearly in no mood for unannounced visits.
Kaia was too incensed to consider Charlene’s scolding.
She flung her bag onto the sofa and seated herself, recounting the events of the day in exasperation.
###chapter512
Charlene, listening to Kaia’s grievances, wore a dark expression.
Kaia, still fuming, vented, “Matthew is utterly infatuated with Stella.
He defends her at the company.
He’s not interested in me at all, and I can’t get close to him.
I don’t know what to do.
”
Charlene, who was already irritable due to Jeremy’s defeat at Matthew’s hands, now had the added frustration of Kaia’s failure to deal with Stella.
“Stella has been with Prosperity Group for some time, and she’s assisted Matthew in resolving several crises.
She’s gained favor in his eyes.
What have you done?” Charlene criticized Kaia harshly.
“I…” Kaia was momentarily rendered speechless, her eyes downcast.
She realized that her impulsive actions had backfired.
“I was furious, so I devised that plan.
I thought I could drive Stella out of Prosperity Group.
”
Kaia, in terms of status and background, should have outshone Stella.
She had thought that she could easily get Matthew, but it turned out to be such a result.
Why could Stella fascinate Matthew?
Was she not superior to Stella?
With a hardened expression, Charlene scolded, “You were too hasty.
You’ve barely established yourself in Prosperity Group, and you dared to take on Stella.
”
Kaia was aware of her mistake, but there was no point in debating right or wrong at this juncture.
She gazed at Charlene with despondency and queried, “What should we do now? Although Matthew has allowed me to remain at Prosperity Group, he won’t grant me any special privileges.
”
Charlene, putting aside her anger, had to think rationally.
After a brief pause, she offered her counsel.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What you need to do now is wait.
Focus on proving your worth to Prosperity Group.
Once you’ve made a significant contribution, we can formulate a plan.
”
Kaia was dissatisfied with this response.
She had no desire to compromise in front of Stella.
However, upon contemplation, she realized that she had no room to maneuver under the current circumstances.
Reluctantly, she nodded her head.
Disheartened and without having achieved her ive, Kaia took her leave.
Before parting, Charlene reiterated sternly, “Do not be hasty, and refrain from taking any actions without my approval.
I will devise a strategy.
”
For now, Kaia was their only card to play against Matthew.
###chapter513
Charlene couldn’t afford for her impetuousness to jeopardize their plan.
“I understand,” Kaia responded.
As Kaia left, Charlene allowed herself to release her pent-up frustration, She muttered, “She can’t even handle a PR officer.
Utterly useless.
”
The following day, Stella was so exhausted that she requested half a day off.
However, at noon, her slumber was disrupted by a phone call from Clint.
Given their conversation the previous night, Stella feared that something had happened to Clint and hastily answered the call.
“Grandpa, what’s going on?”
Clint got straight to the point.
“Stella, did you say something to Maverick.
“Maverick?” Stella frowned, puzzled.
“What’s wrong?”
“Early this morning, Maverick sent a plethora of tonics,” Clint disclosed.
“Someone even escorted me to the hospital for a medical check-up.
”
Stella was bewildered.
“I didn’t inform him of anything.
”
“It appears that Maverick is quite considerate,” Clint commented contentedly.
“Don’t forget to thank him for going to such lengths for me.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Of course.
” Stella was perplexed but also touched by Maverick’s apparent concern for her family.
She hadn’t communicated with Maverick for several days and hadn’t anticipated his level of care.
After hanging up the phone, she ruminated for a moment before sending Maverick a message.
“Grandpa informed me that you arranged for him to have a medical check-up today.
Thank you.
”
Meanwhile, Matthew, in the midst of handling business matters, felt his phone vibrate on the table.
When he noticed the message was from Stella, he opened it.
As he read the content, a warm smile graced his lips.
###chapter514
A few days had passed, and Stella’s meticulously crafted clothing series was finally complete.
The Rococo-inspired collection boasted intricate detailing, with floral and plant motifs outlined in shimmering gold threads.
Delicate lace adorned the sleeves, adding an exquisite touch to the overall design.
The color palette featured soft, less vibrant shades of pink, creating a gentle yet vibrant visual appeal.
The collection had been showcased multiple times within Prosperity Group, earning widespread acclaim.
The eagerly anticipated press conference was scheduled for the next day, where the final pricing and official launch of the series would be announced.
Stella, who had spent years working as a PR officer, had never before been the focal point of a press conference.
The added pressure of presenting herself as a budding designer left her feeling exceptionally anxious.
Despite receiving compliments from her colleagues, she couldn’t shake her unease.
Prosperity Group had pulled out all the stops for this event, inviting renowned designers from Seamarsh and across the globe to promote Stella’s collection.
As the workday came to a close, Stella found herself unable to leave the office.
Consumed by worry, she entered a meeting room to conduct a final inspection of her clothing line, ensuring every detail was flawless.
Amid her meticulous preparations, there came a gentle knock at the meeting room’s door.
Startled, Stella looked up to find Matthew entering.
“Mr.
Clark?” She rose hastily, tidying up the documents on the table.
“Why are you here?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew observed Stella silently, his gaze unwavering.
“It’s after working hours.
Why are you still at the office?”
Stella busied herself, attempting to organize the documents on the table.
“I was concerned about tomorrow’s press conference, so I wanted to review everything a few more times.
”
Matthew understood her anxiety.
He approached her, picked up the documents she had been going over, and examined them closely.
“You’ve done an excellent job with your preparations.
There’s no need to be so nervous.
”
Despite his reassuring words, Stella remained uneasy.
###chapter515
Matthew continued, “Everyone has a first time for everything.
It’s also my first time as a CEO, and I’ve had moments of confusion and helplessness.
”
Stella was taken aback by his candidness.
Matthew didn’t elaborate further but continued to offer reassurance.
“I believe you’ll do wonderfully.
Remember what Nikolai said; you have the potential to become an outstanding designer.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Though he avoided mentioning other men, Matthew believed that Nikolai’s words could boost Stella’s self-confidence.
Stella’s expression gradually relaxed as she absorbed his words.
Matthew checked the time on his watch and said, “Head home early and get a good night’s rest.
You’ll need to be in top form for the press conference tomorrow.
”
“Okay.
” Stella nodded in agreement.
She gathered her documents and prepared to leave.
Before she could exit the room, Matthew halted her momentarily.
There was something he wanted to say but hesitated.
Eventually, he spoke in a hushed tone.
“Don’t be afraid.
Prosperity Group will support you.
”
Stella smiled at Matthew, her heart warmed by his encouragement.
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
I’ll do my best to ensure Prosperity Group shines.
”
Meanwhile, Charlene summoned Kaia to her villa.
Kaia was impatient and questioned, “Stella’s press conference is about to start.
Are we just going to watch her succeed?”
Kaia had anticipated that Charlene would hatch a plan to deal with Stella shortly after her previous attempt had failed.
However, instead, she received news of Stella’s impending press conference.
Charlene shot her a glare.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’m here to inform you that it’s time to take action.
”
Kaia was baffled.
Charlene motioned for her to approach and then whispered into her ear, “Sabotage Stella’s press conference and tarnish Prosperity Group’s reputation.
”
Charlene believed that only by destroying the press conference could they strike a significant blow against Matthew, surpassing any of their previous schemes.
Kaia widened her eyes with expectation.
“What should I do?”
Charlene straightened up and kept a distance from her.
She said with a sly smile, “You just need to make the protagonist of the press conference disappear.
”
###chapter516
The protagonist?
Stella?
A look of anticipation crossed Kaia’s face.
She couldn’t wait to see what would happen to Stella.
“But how can I make Stella disappear?” Kaia inquired.
Her relationship with Stella was strained.
How could she persuade Stella to willingly withdraw from the event?
With a steely glint in her eyes, Charlene replied, “You needn’t worry about that.
I will assist you in secret.
”
The following day, heavy rain poured down on Seamarsh.
After eating her breakfast, Stella found that the rain showed no signs of stopping.
Positioned by the window, she peered at the deluge outside and let out a sigh.
A few days ago, the sun was shining brightly, but today’s rain made her feel even more restless and anxious.
Miley approached, took Stella’s hand, and reassured her, “Don’t worry.
You’ve been preparing for this for a long time.
Everything will be fine.
”
Stella’s expression remained fraught with concern.
Grasping her hand firmly, Miley added, “Fear not.
I’ll personally drive you to the event later.
I wouldn’t miss such a pivotal moment in your life!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella knew Miley was trying to ease her nerves.
Feigning calmness, she smiled and said, “I understand.
My concern is that the rain might ruin my dress.
It’s a one-of-a-kind gift from Nikolai, and I hold it very dear.
”
Raising her eyebrows, Miley responded with a grin, “Ah, I misunderstood.
Keep this mindset and you’ll shine today.
”
Just then, Stella’s phone buzzed.
She released Miley’s hand to retrieve her phone from the table.
A text message from Maverick read, “I read in a magazine that you’re hosting a fashion press conference today.
Good luck.
”
Stella replied nonchalantly, “With your well wishes, I’m sure I’ll succeed.
”
Subsequently, she gathered her things and joined Miley in the car en route to the press conference.
The event was organized in the opulent ballroom on the top floor of Seamarsh Hotel.
About half an hour later, they arrived at the venue.
###chapter517
Stella nodded.
“Alright.
”
She entered the grandiose hall adorned with lavish decor.
A magnificent crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling, scattering its soft light across the walls and floor.
Her nerves heightened.
Tightly clutching her fists, she took deep breaths in an attempt to calm herself.
Her phone vibrated incessantly in her bag.
Checking the phone, she saw an unfamiliar number calling.
She frowned, but ultimately answered the call.
A distorted voice immediately reached her ears, saying, “Stella, do as I say, or your grandfather will suffer the consequences.
”
The voice had been altered, making it impossible to discern the caller’s identity.
A chill ran down Stella’s spine.
She instinctively scanned her surroundings.
Guests entered the hall at that moment, some recognizing Stella and offering friendly smiles.
Though startled, Stella couldn’t voice her feelings.
The voice issued another threatening command.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Don’t alert anyone, and don’t contact the police.
Follow my directions; I’m monitoring you.
”
Maintaining her composure, Stella nodded at the guests and stepped aside.
Her voice quivering, she pleaded, “Please, don’t harm my grandfather.
I’ll comply with your demands.
”
“Your grandfather is in the catering department on the third floor.
Go there immediately.
And don’t text or call anyone.
There will be consequences if you do.
”
Regaining her composure, Stella clutched her phone and questioned sharply, “How can you prove your claims?”
“I’ll send you a photo.
If you’re skeptical, don’t come.
But remember, you’ll be responsible for the consequences.
”
###chapter518
The call ended abruptly after the caller’s intimidation.
Seconds later, Stella received a photo.
She opened the image and zoomed in.
It was undeniably her grandfather, Clint.
He lay in a bed, unconscious.
Her face turned ashen.
Without a second thought, she made her way to the catering department on the third floor.
Upon reaching the third floor, Stella’s phone rang once more, flashing the same unfamiliar number.
She hastily answered the call.
“Proceed to the freezer in the catering department immediately.
”
Anxiously, Stella scanned her surroundings as she demanded, “Who are you? Where have you taken my grandfather?”
The only response was a disconnection tone.
Stella’s face clouded over.
It was clear the mysterious caller was watching her every move in real-time.
Without hesitating, she flung the freezer door open.
A blast of cold air met Stella’s face, making her to shiver from head to toe.
Frantically, she entered and called out, “Grandpa, are you in there?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It’s me, Stella…”
Before she could finish, the door behind her slammed shut.
Startled, she wheeled around.
She tried to open the door, but failed.
“Is anyone out there?” Stella pounded on the door.
“Who’s there? Let me out!”
Cold air enveloped her, sending shivers down her spine.
Stella tried to steady her nerves, rubbing her arms for warmth.
Shaking, she took out her phone to call for help, but the signal was too weak and calls to Miley failed to connect.
Frost formed on Stella’s eyelashes as she continued to shiver uncontrollably.
She kept rubbing her hands together to keep warm, but it didn’t help one bit.
###chapter519
Glancing at the temperature display, which read below eighteen degrees Celsius, her unease intensified.
With Clint’s well-being unknown and her own life hanging in the balance, she feared the worst.
If no one found her here and she couldn’t escape the freezer, she could die.
On the top floor of Seamarsh Hotel, associates of Prosperity Group and numerous guests had already gathered.
The atmosphere was lively.
Matthew manned the front desk, ensuring all processes ran smoothly.
Not spotting Stella, he promptly asked Fernando, “Has Stella not arrived yet?”
Fernando shook his head.
“I haven’t seen her.
”
Matthew frowned.
He checked his watch, noting there was less than an hour before the press conference.
It was an important event for Stella, and knowing her, she would likely have arrived early.
Did something happen?
Concern filled Matthew’s mind.
Observing his perturbed expression, Fernando whispered, “Should I call her?”
“No need.
” Matthew regained his composure.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Stay here and oversee the final preparations.
I’ll go take a look myself.
”
He left the desk and headed to the ballroom.
Shortly thereafter, he saw Flossie walking to the back stage.
“Flossie,” Matthew called out, stopping her.
Flossie looked slightly surprised but quickly approached.
“What can I assist you with, Mr.
Clark?”
There was a mix of excitement and nervousness on her face.
Matthew cut to the chase.
“Have you seen Stella?”
###chapter520
“Stella?” Flossie shook her head.
“No, I was actually searching for her myself.
She promised to help me with my hairstyle early today.
”
Matthew’s expression darkened.
Sensing his worry, Flossie asked, “Is something wrong?”
Ignoring the question, Matthew simply instructed, “Go to the backstage area and keep an eye out for her.
Call me as soon as you see Stella.
”
Matthew then proceeded to dial Stella’s number as he made his way to the elevator.
The elevator stopped at this floor.
Just as he was about to step in, he noticed Miley already inside.
“Mr.
Clark?” Miley asked, surprised.
Matthew lowered his phone, getting straight to the point.
“Where is Stella? Didn’t she come with you?”
Puzzled, Miley responded, “Isn’t Stella already here?”
Matthew furrowed his brow and inquired in a deep, serious tone, “What are you trying to say?”
Seeing his grave expression, Miley felt a sense of confusion, but she proceeded to speak honestly.
“I didn’t see Stella after I parked my car.
I tried calling her, but I couldn’t reach her, so I thought she was here already.
Isn’t she?”
“No.
” Upon sharing this information, Matthew promptly headed to the hotel’s surveillance room.
Miley followed him immediately.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In the monitoring room, the staff promptly provided Matthew with today’s surveillance footage in response to his request.
The surveillance video consisted of only one segment.
It showed Stella entering the elevator and ascending to the third floor, after which the footage abruptly cut off.
Matthew raised his voice.
“What’s wrong?”
“Well…” The staff acted quickly, operating the equipment and conducting a thorough check.
Ultimately, they provided an evasive response.
“I apologize, Mr.
Clark.
It appears there might be an issue with the circuit.
I’ll have someone attend to it immediately.
”
Matthew’s countenance remained icy, but he wasn’t inclined to cast blame at that moment.
He turned on his heel and left the monitoring room.
###chapter521
Nervously, Miley trailed behind Matthew as they entered the elevator.
She said in a panicked tone, “Stella knows how important today’s press conference is.
Let’s hope everything goes smoothly…”
Matthew gazed at the numbers in the elevator with a profound intensity, his thin lips pressed firmly together.
Deep down, he prayed that Stella was safe.
‘s BunnyBookery
Meanwhile, Stella felt Like she was being consumed by the cold.
Her limbs were growing stiff, her movements sluggish.
She struggled to stand up and move.
She wore only a dress, which offered Little protection against the frigid air.
Slowly, her energy waned.
Curled up by the door, Stella shivered.
She glanced at her phone, only to see it had turned off, the battery drained by the cold.
“Can anyone hear me?” she whispered, banging feebly on the door, but there was no answer.
Desperation set in.
Visions of her past flickered through her mind.
Her adoption, her days at school…
She was too young to die like this, especially not on such a significant day in her professional life.
She’d made a promise to Matthew that she wouldn’t let him down.
“Matthew…” Stella murmured.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It surprised her that in a life-and-death situation, she thought of Matthew.
She remembered how gentle his tone was when he told her that she was an excellent designer.
Memories of their time together returned in vivid detail, amplifying her reluctance to part from him.
Stella had no strength to figure out her own emotions because her consciousness was gradually fading away.
Then, she faintly heard a noise outside the freezer.
Was someone coming to her rescue?
Her senses sharpened.
The voice was getting louder and louder, as if it was near her ear.
Stella moved her lips, but no sound came out.
Weakly, she raised her hand and slapped the door.
Though she attempted to call out, her voice was frozen.
###chapter522
Her body was overcome with a crushing helplessness, making it difficult to breathe.
When Stella felt she was on the brink of unconsciousness, a beam of light pierced the dark.
“Stella, wake up!” A familiar deep voice resonated in her ears.
Stella struggled to open her eyes but failed.
Then, in the next instant, she found herself lifted into a warm embrace.
The enveloping heat began to fend off the cold, a wave of comfort washing over her.
With that warmth, Stella felt a sense of relief.
She was safe.
Matthew sprinted out of the freezer, carrying Stella in his arms.
His jaw clenched, glancing at Stella’s ashen face.
His heart was heavy with concern.
“Stella!” Miley exclaimed, her eyes welling up with tears as she rushed forward.
“Who locked you in there? Stella, can you hear me?”
“Take her to the hospital,” Matthew ordered, his face clouded with anger.
“No ” Stella managed to utter.
She feebly placed her hand on Matthew’s arm.
The cold sensation from her fingertips penetrated through his thin shirt.
Gently, Matthew reassured her, “Don’t worry.
We’re going to the hospital.
You’ll be alright.
”
Upon hearing Matthew’s soothing voice, Stella’s nerves began to calm.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She shook her head weakly and rasped, “No… Don’t go to the hospital.
.
Then, she drifted into unconsciousness.
“Stella! Stella…” Miley was flustered.
“Ll drive to the hospital right away…”
“Hold on,” Matthew interjected in a deep voice.
He understood what Stella meant.
He briskly ordered the nervous manager standing nearby, “Suppress any news about this and ready a room immediately.
”
“Of course, please follow me,” the manager responded in fear.
Then, he wasted no time to arrange a room.
###chapter523
Cradling Stella, Matthew walked in measured strides behind the manager.
Miley was a little dumbfounded, but she followed Matthew.
They promptly escorted Stella to a room without delay.
“If there’s anything else you need, Mr.
Clark, please let me know.
.
”
The manager sought to make up by providing the best service.
Matthew said nothing.
He laid Stella on the bed, wrapping her tightly in a thick blanket.
Then he directed Miley, “Go fill the bathtub with hot water.
”
“What are you planning?” Miley asked.
“We need to warm her up in a hot bath, or she could die,” Matthew stated.
His voice was tinged with urgency.
Miley nodded and scurried to the bathroom.
After she had filled the tub, Matthew carried Stella inside.
Miley unwrapped the quilt, and Matthew gently lowered Stella into the water.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Go ask the manager for another blanket and a thicker towel,” he instructed Miley.
“Okay.
Miley was in a state of panic, relying solely on Matthew for guidance and ready to follow his every instruction.
Then, she rushed out of the room.
Matthew gazed down at Stella.
Her face had regained a bit of color, and her lips were slightly redder, but she remained unconscious.
Matthew gently grasped her shoulders and tightly held her hands, hoping to help her warm up quickly.
He bowed to ki*sed her forehead tenderly, whispering, “You’ll be alright.
”
Stella’s eyelashes fluttered at his touch.
Soon, Miley returned with a towel.
“Is she awake?” she asked, her face etched with concern.
###chapter524
Just then, Stella coughed.
Miley quickly held her up, saying, “Wake up, Stella.
It’s me, Miley.
”
Stella opened her eyes and smiled weakly in response.
Observing her gradually calming down, Matthew let out a sigh of relief.
“Change her out of these wet clothes.
I’ll wait outside,” Matthew instructed.
Half an hour later, Miley assisted a still-feeble Stella out of the bathroom.
Stella, wrapped in a bathrobe, remained quite feeble, struggling to maintain her balance as she walked.
Matthew’s expression darkened as he helped Stella to the bed and snugly tucked her under the quilt.
He handed Stella the hot water he had prepared, placing it gently in her grasp.
After taking a sip, Stella felt warmer.
“Miley, I think something might have happened to my grandpa.
Please help me get in touch with him,” Stella urged.
“What’s going on?” Miley asked, visibly anxious.
“I’m not sure,” Stella said, visibly unsettled.
“But please, call him now!”
Matthew was about to suggest he could contact Clint, but he checked himself, remembering his position.
He told Miley, “Go ahead and reach out to Stella’s grandfather.
I’ll inform the others to cancel today’s press conference.
”
As he reached for his phone, Stella grabbed his wrist.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew looked down at her and asked, “What’s the matter?”
“Please don’t cancel the press conference,” Stella declared resolutely.
“I’m okay and can complete the task.
”
Matthew shook his head, declaring, “No.
”
“Mr.
Clark.
” Stella’s anxiety was palpable.
“Today’s press conference is crucial for both me and Prosperity Group.
If it’s postponed, what will the media say? It won’t matter how good our designs are; the public will perceive our company as untrustworthy.
Nobody wants to invest in a dishonest enterprise.
”
Her grip tightened around Matthew’s hand.
###chapter525
Please, Mr.
Clark, have faith in me.
I assure you, I can handle it.
”
Matthew scrutinized her for several moments before conceding, “You’re certain you can manage?”
He relented.
Stella nodded, reiterating her promise.
“Don’t worry.
I can pull it off, but the gown from Nikolai got wet.
I’ll need another one.
”
Without any further discussion, Matthew advised, “Make sure you get a medical check-up after the conference.
”
Relieved by his permission, Stella simply replied, “Understood.
”
Just as she spoke, Miley chimed in, “Stella, your grandfather finally picked up.
” She passed the phone to Stella.
Grabbing it, Stella immediately questioned, “Grandpa, where are you?
Why couldn’t I reach you?”
She did her best to keep her voice steady, not wanting to alarm Clint.
Elated, Clint explained, “I was at the hospital for a check-up, and the nurse had my phone.
What’s the matter?”
Realizing Clint was fine, Stella sighed in relief.
“It’s nothing.
I just missed you.
”
Her thoughts shifted to the mysterious call, making her slightly uneasy.
She cautioned Clint, “It might be best if you stay in for the next few days.
I’ll call you once I’m done with my work.
”
Detecting her odd tone, Clint inquired, “Is something wrong?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Nothing.
” Stella changed the subject.
“Today is my debut press conference as a designer.
I wanted you to be the first to know.
I’ll call you later to catch up.
”
“Good luck, then.
I eagerly await your good news.
” Clint’s voice tinged with happiness.
Noticing that the press conference was about to commence, Stella issued some quick directions before ending the call.
She returned the phone to Miley and addressed Matthew.
“It’s almost time for the press conference.
Could you arrange the dress for me?
I need to get my makeup done.
”
###chapter526
Matthew studied her briefly, nodded, and left the room.
Once he had gone, Miley helped Stella up, whispering, “Your boss is a good man.
”
Stella hesitated, looking puzzled at Miley.
“If he hadn’t found you in time, you would have been…” Miley felt a lump in her throat and stopped.
Comforting her, Stella patted Miley’s hand.
“Mr.
Clark is indeed a good boss.
”
She pondered the recent events, most of it a blur.
But she could clearly recall Matthew’s warm embrace in the bathroom, and how distraught he looked seeing her in that state.
His voice had been laden with worry and concern, and his gaze so intense it left her puzzled.
It was all real.
Stella felt warmed by the thought.
Upstairs, the atmosphere at the press conference was tense.
“It’s getting quite late.
Where on earth are Prosperity Group’s employees? Could they possibly be playing some sort of joke on us by leaving us here?”
“Isn’t Prosperity Group hosting this press conference? If they’re cancelling, they should announce it.
This is wasting our time.
”
“What a lack of punctuality! How can Prosperity Group be so disorganized?”
“I heard this time it’s a newbie.
Did their new designer get cold feet and run off?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
More and more people were dissatisfied.
Frustration was mounting, and some attendees even rose to leave.
Kaia, arms crossed, watched the backstage intently.
She daydreamed about seizing the moment should Stella fail to appear.
If she took care of the guests, surely, she’d be hailed as a hero.
Just as she was engrossed in her fantasy, someone shouted, “Look!
They are here.
”
The murmuring ceased as all eyes turned towards the entrance.
Holding Matthew’s arm, Stella made her appearance at the entrance of the halt.
Stella, clad in a white dress, appeared ethereal as she moved, the hem of her garment gracefully lifting with each step.
Someone in the audience recognized the dress as Tobin’s creation and expressed astonishment.
###chapter527
“This dress has been discontinued.
Who would have thought Stella would be wearing it? Is she acquainted with Tobin?”
“Actually, Stella looks even more stunning in this dress than the mannequin that displayed it.
It’s as if the dress was custom-made for her.
”
Though her demeanor remained cool and aloof, Stella was so breathtaking that nobody could look away.
At this juncture, the event’s host took the stage.
“Thank you all for attending today’s fashion launch by Prosperity Group.
Please join me in welcoming the CEO of Prosperity Group, Matthew Clark, and the designer, Stella Anderson.
”
As applause erupted, chatter among the audience shifted to clapping.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Stella looks phenomenal in that dress.
Her designs must be equally extraordinary.
”
“She won the KlassicLuxe design competition; her talent is unquestionable.
I can’t wait to see her collection.
”
Backstage, Kaia was visibly stunned upon seeing Stella.
She couldn’t believe her eyes and felt a wave of apprehension wash over her.
Tightly clenching her fists and gritting her teeth, she attempted to reassure herself.
Even if Stella had returned unscathed, there was no definitive proof linking her to the accident.
She would be alright.
Before Kaia could regain her composure, a makeup artist beckoned her for a touch-up.
The backstage crew bustled about, each person performing their tasks methodically.
Stella then slowly made her way to the stage, capturing everyone’s attention.
She began to articulate the inspiration behind her clothing line in a manner previously rehearsed.
Matthew, standing to the side, couldn’t take his eyes off Stella.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He saw a new resilience in her.
She was no longer as fragile and exhausted as before.
Instead, she exuded confidence and strength.
Other people couldn’t imagine what she had just experienced.
Matthew’s feelings mingled between concern and pride.
She had finally come into her own, and all their efforts had not been wasted.
“That’s the philosophy behind my clothing collection.
Thank you for listening.
Now, please enjoy the fashion show,” Stella said with a radiant smile.
“Now, please enjoy the fashion show.
”
###chapter528
Applause filled the room once more.
Under the glare of camera flashes, Flossie, Sharon, Kaia, and other models walked the runway.
Each model impeccably showcased Stella’s designs, solidifying.
Prosperity Group’s standing in the fashion industry.
The crowd was astonished.
Nobody had expected a budding designer to produce such captivating work.
Everyone held Stella in high esteem.
After the fashion spectacle, Matthew took the stage for his closing remarks.
His gaze swept over the audience before settling on Stella.
“I hope everyone will continue to support Stella, her clothing line, and Prosperity Group.
”
A succinct yet impactful statement concluded with another round of applause.
Stella bowed graciously.
She breathed a sigh of relief as the press conference concluded successfully.
Once the event wrapped up, Matthew delegated remaining tasks to Fernando and left with Stella.
As Stella settled into the car, she appeared to be in a daze.
“Mr.
Clark…”
Before she could continue, Matthew interjected, “Don’t forget; you promised to undergo a hospital check-up.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a moment of hesitation, Stella responded, “I feel much better now.
I think some rest will be enough.
”
Matthew’s expression turned stern.
“Stella, you need a medical evaluation.
The incident at the press conference already puts me at fault.
If your health deteriorates, who will handle the upcoming work?”
Upon hearing this, Stella reluctantly nodded her agreement.
As Matthew prepared to drive away, he shot her another look.
“Stella, you’re destined to be admired by all.
”
Stella was momentarily taken aback.
She looked at Matthew in disbelief.
###chapter529
For the first time, she heard a depth of emotion in Matthew’s voice that left her puzzled.
Suddenly, Stella’s heart skipped a beat.
She lowered her gaze and tightened her grip on her seatbelt.
After Stella received a clean bill of health from the doctor, Matthew finally felt relieved.
It was getting late when they left the hospital.
Having been through an emotionally turbulent day, Stella dozed off soon after settling into the car.
Gradually, she sensed the car come to a halt and felt a sudden warmth envelop her.
Still half-asleep, she caught a whiff of a familiar scent.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella furrowed her brow slightly.
Her thoughts were in disarray, and she wished to stay awake, but drowsiness overwhelmed her.
Struggling to open her eyes, she saw a black coat dr@ped over her and a male visage looming close.
It had to be Matthew.
Any lingering questions dispelled, Stella nestled her head against the coat, her body relaxing as she drifted back to sleep.
Matthew’s extended hand hung in mid-air, hesitating.
When they came to a traffic signal, he glanced at Stella, who was curled up in the passenger seat.
She wrapped her arms around herself and intermittently rubbed her arms for warmth.
Matthew adjusted the car’s temperature and placed his suit jacket over her, taking care not to disturb her slumber.
Even though he had moved as discreetly as possible, he hadn’t anticipated that Stella would still be attentive enough to notice his actions.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once Matthew was certain she was asleep again, he let out a quiet sigh of relief.
Observing her innocent, childlike expression, so different from her poised demeanor on stage, Matthew allowed himself a small smile.
It was only in these moments that he felt free to look at her without reservation.
Matthew was lost in thought.
When could he tell her the truth?
As the traffic light turned green, he snapped out of his reverie and refocused on the road.
By the time Stella woke up, they were pulling into Prosper Bay.
Realizing that Matthew’s coat had been her source of warmth, she felt a touch of emotion.
###chapter530
It wasn’t a dream.
He had indeed cared for her in that small but meaningful.
way.
It was Matthew who dr@ped his coat over her once she had drifted off to sleep.
While they were in the hotel, that mix of strangeness and familiarity welled up within Stella once more, leaving her feeling somewhat moved.
She tried not to think of it anymore.
Handing back his jacket, she mumbled, “Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew accepted the coat silently.
That was when Stella noticed the wedding ring on his finger.
Of course, Matthew was married.
His concern for her today stemmed solely from her status as his employee, nothing more.
She couldn’t always fantasize.
Stella kept reminding herself to keep her feelings in check.
Rapidly unbuckling her seatbelt, Stella stammered, “Mr.
Clark, it’s late.
I should get going.
Drive safely.
”
With that, she hastened out of the car and into the villa.
Matthew watched her swift exit, his eyes narrowing briefly before he drove off.
‘s BunnyBookery
Once inside, Stella leaned against the door, taking a moment to collect herself.
Miley, hearing her come in, approached.
“Stella, how did the check-up go?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
On seeing Stella’s somewhat flustered appearance, Miley added, “Is everything okay? Are you feeling alright?”
Stella shook her head, taking her hand in assurance.
“I’m fine, just exhausted.
”
“Really?” Miley wasn’t fully convinced.
“And what did the doctor say?”
“The doctor said I was fine,” Stella replied, forcing a smile.
“I think I’ll head to bed.
”
After giving Stella a scrutinizing look, Miley finally nodded.
###chapter531
Alright, rest up.
If you need anything, wake me.
I’ll take you to the hospital.
”
Stella nodded and retreated to her bedroom.
She shielded her racing heart for an extended period before gradually regaining her composure.
Still mulling over the day’s events, she called her grandfather, Clint.
Her voice firm, she urged, “Grandpa, please consider moving to Seamarsh.
You’re my only family left, and I can take care of you now.
I don’t want you to be at risk.
”
Sensing Stella’s concern, Clint soothed her.
“Stella, I’m alright.
I’d prefer to stay in Bysea for now.
Once things are stable between you and Maverick, I’ll come visit you in Seamarsh.
Instead of heading straight home, Matthew made his way to the Lyons family’s villa.
Behind the wheel, Matthew’s face was stern as he continuously accelerated.
After the press conference, he had ordered the arrest of the individual who had taken Clint to the hospital.
Following interrogation, this person eventually disclosed the identity of the mastermind.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew soon found out that it was Kaia.
Upon delving further into Kaia’s background, he unearthed some startling revelations.
In no time, Matthew arrived at the Lyons family’s residence.
As he brought the car to a halt, he swiftly exited the vehicle.
The sound of the car door slamming shut resonating loudly.
Matthew knocked on the door.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Upon seeing Matthew’s enraged expression, the butler trembled slightly.
“Mr.
Clark…”
Ignoring the butler, Matthew walked into the Living room.
The villa was well-lit, filled with laughter and celebratory voices echoing from the dining room.
Asher was toasting Kaia’s newfound popularity.
Seeing Matthew, he assumed that Matthew was there to congratulate Kaia as well and signaled for the butler to leave.
“Matthew, perfect timing.
Kaia has done Prosperity Group proud.
###chapter532
Tomorrow, I’ll have the media highlight Prosperity Group’s achievements,” said Asher, assuming a win-win situation for both.
Matthew offered no reply but fixed Kaia with an icy stare.
It was scary.
Seeing the hostility in his gaze, Kaia became visibly unsettled.
Kaia had a sinking feeling that he had come here to publicly accuse her of wrongdoing.
She had anticipated that Matthew would confront her after Stella’s safe return.
But she never thought he would come to her house for it.
Lowering her eyes, Kaia clasped her hands nervously, unsure of how to react.
Observing Matthew’s focused attention, Asher said, “Kaia, don’t just stand there.
Invite Matthew to join us for dinner.
You’ll need to earn his favor in the future.
”
Kaia clenched her lips, too afraid to respond.
“I have something important to discuss with you, Mr.
Lyons.
May we speak privately?” Matthew finally broke his silence.
Asher finally detected that something was amiss, and his suspicious gaze swept over the two of them.
“Let’s move to the study upstairs.
”
They ascended the stairs and sat on the plush sofa.
In the spacious study, Matthew’s voice filled the room, and with every word he uttered, Asher’s expression darkened incrementally.
“Every piece of evidence from today’s events points to Kaia,” Matthew said with a serious expression.
After Matthew concluded his remarks, Asher wore a frown.
Furious, Asher slammed his fist on the table.
“Matthew, even if you don’t appreciate Kaia, you don’t need to slander her like this!”
Matthew remained expressionless.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Maintaining a stoic demeanor, Matthew handed over his phone to Asher.
“My team found these photographs.
”
Skeptical, Asher browsed through the images.
“I haven’t interacted with Kaia for quite a while, but I don’t believe she would engage in such activities.
My investigators have uncovered certain details about her overseas dealings,” Matthew disclosed, narrowing his eyes.
Asher’s hands trembled as he scrolled through the evidence, his rage escalating.
The more he read, the angrier he became.
###chapter533
“Kaia appears to have been coerced into harming one of my employees,”
Matthew added flatly, further enraging Asher.
Immediately, Asher called Kaia, his voice terse.
“Come upstairs.
”
Moments later, Kaia timidly entered the room.
She sensed the tension in the atmosphere.
“Grandpa…”
Kaia attempted to call out to him in a hushed tone but was interrupted by Asher before she could say anything.
“Explain yourself!” Asher roared.
“What have you done overseas? How could you…?”
Spotting the photos on the phone, Kaia grew even more anxious.
“Grandpa…” Kaia sobbed.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Grandpa, I swear, I didn’t mean for any of this to happen.
It was Charlene who pressured me into it.
”
Matthew frowned at Kaia’s confession.
So, Charlene was indeed behind this scheme!
Frantically wiping her tears, Kaia pleaded, “Matthew, grant me another chance.
I swear, I’ll change and contribute positively to Prosperity Group.
”
Matthew regarded her icily, showing no signs of leniency.
“You’ve said this before.
Prosperity Group has no place for you now.
Given our families’ history, I won’t disclose this, but you should find employment elsewhere.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Rather than ruining Kaia, Matthew intended to leverage Asher against Charlene.
In this way, Waldo would be more vigilant towards Charlene.
Asher understood that Matthew had spared him embarrassment.
He said sternly, “It’s all Charlene’s fault.
That vile woman! Such a person should be driven away from Prosperity Group.
”
Matthew nodded.
“Then it’s up to you, Mr.
Lyons.
”
The following day, the front page was awash with news about Prosperity Group’s fashion press conference.
Numerous close-up shots of Stella and accolades about her filled the space.
###chapter534
Initially, many had reservations about Stella’s transition from a PR officer to a designer.
However, the success of the press conference quickly dispelled any doubts, elevating Stella to new heights of admiration.
Stella was truly remarkable!
Matthew’s discerning taste was also widely acknowledged.
Suddenly, Stella found herself the center of attention within the company.
Upon her entry into Prosperity Group, nearly every employee she encountered greeted her with smiles and salutations.
This abrupt shift left Stella both flattered and grateful.
It validated that her recent efforts had not gone unnoticed and had earned her widespread recognition.
Stella beamed softly, feeling a newfound confidence.
Shortly after reaching her desk, she received a message from Matthew, requesting her presence in his office.
Stella pondered briefly, picked up a folder, and proceeded to Matthew’s office.
Matthew displayed the day’s headlines to Stella, his face adorned with a subtle smile.
‘s BunnyBookery
“The press conference was a resounding success.
You’ve made a great contribution.
”
“Mr.
Clark, I appreciate the opportunity to showcase my talents.
My colleagues also played a crucial role in successfully launching this fashion line,” Stella replied modestly.
Matthew nodded and said, “After today, Kaia will no Longer collaborate with Prosperity Group.
”
“Why is that?” Stella asked, visibly surprised.
“The Lyons family has sent her abroad for further studies,” Matthew responded impassively.
Asher moved swiftly.
Upon arriving at the office that day, Matthew learned that Waldo was livid and demoted Charlene.
Charlene’s return to Seamarsh was now entirely up to Waldo.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Charlene wouldn’t be coming back soon, and Matthew could be at ease for now.
Stella wisely refrained from probing further.
She had no affinity with Kaia.
Moreover, she didn’t get along well with Kaia.
Kaia’s presence in the design department had always been a cause for concern.
As Stella was about to discuss her tasks, Matthew interjected, “Flossie has been receiving excellent reviews.
Prosperity Group will support her rise to fame.
”
###chapter535
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark,” Stella replied, her eyes shining.
Matthew paused, looked into Stella’s eyes.
“How are you feeling today? Have you recovered?”
Caught off guard by the sudden personal question, Stella answered, “I feel better after getting some rest.
Mr.
Clark, I’d like to request two days off to visit my grandfather.
Yesterday’s incident cannot be overlooked.
”
Matthew readily agreed.
“You’ve worked hard for the press conference.
You deserve a break.
Spend time with your family and recuperate.
”
Stella handed over the folder, saying, “This contains details about recent projects.
I’ve highlighted the key points for your review.
”
Matthew raised his gaze and accepted it.
Their fingers collided beneath the document.
Stella quickly withdrew her hand, as if jolted by electricity.
Visibly unsettled, she said, “Mr.
Clark, if there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave.
”
“Very well,” Matthew replied, holding back his emotions.
Stella hurriedly left the office and returned to her office desk.
Stella sat down and was about to turn on the computer when she glanced at her hand, and images of Matthew flooded her mind.
Stella shook her head to regain her composure.
It was just an accidental touch, nothing more!
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She reasoned that her recent frequent encounters with Matthew had led her to dwell on him unnecessarily.
A two-day break from Prosperity Group would help her forget this unusual sensation, she told herself.
Stella brushed aside her Lingering thoughts and distracted herself with work.
Meanwhile, Matthew too felt a sense of unease.
Staring at the folder Stella had handed him, he eventually snapped back to reality.
He touched his fingertips, recalling Stella’s awkward reaction.
Doubt crept in.
Did she still dislike him?
Matthew’s expression darkened.
Picking up the phone, he instructed Fernando, “Clear my schedule.
I’m going to Bysea for a couple of days.
”
Stella headed to the mall after finishing her workday.
###chapter536
The chill in the air was intensifying, so she decided to purchase a warm overcoat for her grandfather before heading home.
By the time she arrived home, it was pitch black.
Miley hadn’t come home from the office yet.
Knowing she’d be going home the next day, Stella efficiently packed her bags and freshened up, eager to get some early rest.
On a whim, she decided to check Twitter before drifting off to sleep.
It had been a while since her last post, which had been a reflection on her mood.
She noticed an unusually high number of private messages awaiting her.
Curious, Stella clicked on the messages and realized they were all from the same individual.
A long-time follower, the fan had never engaged in a conversation with her before.
She was surprised by the sudden outreach.
Then, she read each message carefully.
Most were encouraging words.
Warmth spread through her heart.
Just then, her phone buzzed.
It was a message from Maverick.
Stella’s heart skipped a beat seeing his name since they hadn’t spoken in ages.
She recalled their tumultuous past filled with constant discussions of divorce.
It was their worst days.
Yet it seemed like neither of them had brought up divorce recently.
Conversations about daily life had even resumed.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella opened Maverick’s message.
He was congratulating her on the success of her recent press conference.
“Saw the news about the conference.
Kudos on another strong performance.
”
She responded with polite gratitude.
As she was about to set her phone aside, she hesitated and then typed, “I’m visiting Grandpa tomorrow.
Where are you these days?”
A reply came quickly.
###chapter537
Ever enigmatic, Maverick responded, “I’m still away but will return soon.
”
Stella stared at the message, lost in thought.
There were unresolved matters between her and Maverick that couldn’t be ignored.
She’d been waiting for a proper conversation with him to either finalize or continue their impulsive marriage.
Whether it was to continue their marriage or end it, they to meet formally.
After pondering for a bit, she drifted into a peaceful sleep.
She slept soundly and comfortably that night.
The next morning, she caught the first bus to Bysea.
Wanting to surprise Clint, she hadn’t informed him of her plans.
As her taxi approached his home, she noticed unfamiliar men loitering nearby.
When she recalled an unsettling event from two days prior, anxiety crept in.
The taxi halted at the villa’s entrance.
While retrieving her luggage, Stella surveyed the area warily.
The men remained in place, seemingly unafraid.
Gripping her suitcase, Stella hurried into the villa.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Clint was in the yard, engrossed in a book.
He looked up, startled by her sudden entrance.
Setting aside his book, he stood up.
“Stella, when did you get back?
Why didn’t you let me know so I could arrange for someone to pick you up?”
Stella had no time for pleasantries.
She grabbed Clint’s arm, saying urgently, “Grandpa, come with me.
Now.
”
“Where are we going?” Clint recalled Stella’s earlier plans.
“Are you taking me to Seamarsh? I’m perfectly fine here, and—”
She cut him off and whispered, “Grandpa, there are suspicious men outside.
Trust me; we need to leave.
”
###chapter538
Clint burst into laughter.
Stella looked at him, puzzled.
“Stella, you’ve misunderstood,” Clint clarified, looking at her bewildered face.
“Those men were sent by Maverick.
”
Stella found herself in a state of bewilderment and hastily asked, “What’s going on? Why did Maverick send people here?”
Clint, donning a smile, responded, “Maverick called me yesterday.
I told him you were concerned, and he immediately dispatched a group of bodyguards here.
”
Stella was left with a feeling she couldn’t quite put into words.
She had conversed with Maverick just last night, yet he hadn’t mentioned this development.
Clint led Stella into the room, a grin still on his face.
“Maverick is incredibly considerate,” he remarked.
Turning to her, he asked, “Now, do you feel more at ease?”
While having Maverick’s bodyguards stationed outside indeed ensured safety, there were times when danger couldn’t be entirely averted.
Stella attempted to convince Clint, saying, “Grandpa, if you don’t want to go to Seamarsh with me, move out of this house first.
”
She couldn’t afford to take any more risks, especially after the last caller had already known where Clint resided and might try to infiltrate again.
“Grandpa, please think it over.
It won’t make much difference to us living elsewhere.
” Stella gazed earnestly at Clint.
“Alright, I’ll think it over,” Clint responded somewhat perfunctorily.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He swiftly redirected the conversation, saying, “You arrived from Seamarsh early this morning.
Are you hungry? It’s been years since you’ve tasted the food I prepare.
I’ll make you a meal.
”
Stella’s appetite was instantly piqued by his words.
She had grown up eating Clint’s home-cooked meals, and during her time abroad and at work, she had yearned for his cooking the most.
She nodded enthusiastically, replying, “I’m hungry! What do you plan to cook?”
Following him into the kitchen, she observed as Clint opened the fridge.
“Your favorites, of course.
”
As Clint retrieved ingredients from the fridge, Stella placed them in the sink.
Clint then broached a different topic, asking, “How are things been between you and Maverick lately?”
###chapter539
Stella hesitated for a moment before offering an ambiguous response.
“Not bad.
”
“IT understand that you two got married rather fast, but after spending some time together, you must have a sense of what kind of person Maverick is,” Clint continued.
“If you both believe it’s a good match, you should consider having a child.
”
A hint of embarrassment tinted Stella’s cheeks.
The issues between her and Maverick remained unresolved.
She lowered her gaze and avoided Clint’s eyes as she explained, “It’s not the right time yet.
I have just gotten promoted into a better position, and I want to focus on my career for another couple of years.
”
“Is your boss treating you well?”
At the mention of her boss, Matthew’s face popped into Stella’s mind.
She managed a faint smile and responded, “My boss is very kind to me.
He transferred me from the public relations department to the design department.
I truly enjoy my work now, and he’s always there to help with any work-related challenges…”
Unbeknownst to Stella, she divulged more information than she intended when she mentioned Matthew.
At the same time, Fernando accompanied Matthew as they headed to Bysea, their destination being Pearl Island.
On the yacht, Fernando observed Matthew, who had closed his eyes to rest.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Since our previous investment, we’ve been gradually harvesting pearls over the past few months.
We should start seeing results soon.
”
Matthew responded nonchalantly with a simple “Okay.
”
Last time, he had invested a substantial amount in an island known for its pearl abundance, a decision influenced by Stella’s casual remark.
This time, Matthew’s visit to Bysea was officially labeled an inspection, and he wanted to bring Stella along to witness the progress.
As Matthew opened his eyes and gazed upon the island’s scenery, his eyes sparkled with anticipation.
“Fernando.
” Matthew issued an instruction to his assistant.
After hearing this, Fernando nodded.
“I’ll go do it right away.
”
Stella retreated to her room for a siesta.
Worried about Clint and exhausted from the journey, she had been on edge.
###chapter540
Once back in her familiar surroundings, Stella felt at ease and fell into a deep sleep.
When she awoke, the villa was eerily silent.
Clint preferred a private setting and had only a butler in residence, leaving other servants out.
Stella called out to him but received no response.
Reaching for her phone to call Clint, she noticed a message from him sent just ten minutes prior.
“Stella, I’m meeting an old friend for a chess game and won’t be back until later tonight.
Lunch is prepared for you.
Please eat it when you wake up.
”
A helpless smile crossed her face.
She walked into the dining room and discovered several of her favorite dishes laid out on the table.
Just as she was about to text Clint in response, the doorbell rang.
Assuming Clint had returned early, she rushed to answer the door.
“Grandpa.
.
Stella’s voice trailed off as she opened the door, shocked to find someone else there.
“Mr.
Clark? What brings you here?” Stella asked in surprise.
Matthew appeared as composed as ever.
Yet, when he saw Stella’s pajamas, his eyes softened momentarily.
His face remained impassive, but on the inside, he was delighted.
Sure enough, his wife was cute.
“Mr.
Clark? What brings you here?” Stella repeated.
She was anxious and unsettled.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Clearing his throat, Matthew said earnestly, “I apologize for the intrusion during your vacation, but there’s a matter of great importance.
I need you to accompany me.
”
Seeing his serious expression, Stella didn’t hesitate.
“Of course, I’ll come with you right away.
”
Realizing her attire, she blushed.
“Would you like to come in and wait while I change?”
Matthew nodded.
“Please make yourself comfortable on the sofa.
I’ll be quick.
” With that, she scampered upstairs.
After much deliberation, she changed her clothes and descended the stairs.
###chapter541
“Mr.
Clark, we can leave now.
”
“No rush.
” Matthew stopped her, turning to the dining room.
“You haven’t had lunch yet.
I can wait.
”
Flattered, Stella inquired, “Have you eaten, Mr.
Clark? Would you like to join me? These dishes were prepared by my grandfather.
”
Matthew seemed to anticipate her invitation and accepted graciously.
“I’d be delighted to sample your grandfather’s cooking.
”
He pulled out a chair and took a seat.
Stella was astonished, not only by his warmth in referring to her grandfather but also by his relaxed demeanor.
“What are you waiting for? Let’s eat.
” Matthew reminded her.
Snapping out of her reverie, Stella set the table and joined him.
After the meal, they left.
As Matthew exited the house, he texted Clint.
“Thank you for allowing us the time alone.
Stella will return safely this evening.
”
After sending the message, he slid into the car and drove away.
They reached the harbor where Fernando was already waiting.
“Fernando?” Stella was surprised.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
If Fernando was here, why did Matthew come to fetch her personally?
Fernando simply nodded and handed them life jackets.
“Mr.
Clark, please put this on.
The yacht is ready.
”
Stella, eyeing the yacht at the dock, asked, “Mr.
Clark, where are we going?”
“Pearl Island,” Matthew responded indifferently while donning his life jacket.
“It’s rich in pearls and is part of Prosperity Group’s future projects.
As the design director, you need to take a look.
It’s also a chance for you to unwind.
”
Matthew stood in front of Stella, holding the life jacket.
###chapter542
Before he could assist her with her life jacket, Stella took a step back.
Realizing her overreaction, Stella mumbled awkwardly, “I can manage it myself.
”
Matthew handed her the life jacket without a word.
Both boarded the yacht in silence.
Just as they were about to set sail, Stella noted Fernando’s absence.
“Isn’t Fernando coming?” she inquired.
“He’ll follow in the next yacht,” Matthew replied.
“Be cautious around the water.
”
With that, he started the engine.
As the sun cast its glow upon him, Stella found herself captivated by his profile, unable to tear her eyes away even for a moment.
Matthew was on the verge of speaking when their eyes met.
Stella quickly averted her gaze.
She lifted her hand to smooth her disheveled hair and stared out at the ocean surrounding Pearl Island.
Matthew pursed his lips and offered a subdued smile.
He ultimately chose to remain silent.
The sea glittered in the sunlight, its beauty captivating.
Lost in thought, Stella couldn’t help but admire the view.
Matthew always seemed to find a plausible excuse to be alone with her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Previously, she had assumed it was the typical dynamic between a boss and an employee, but this time felt different.
What that difference was, however, Stella couldn’t pinpoint.
She sighed to herself, hoping Fernando would join them soon to spare her the awkwardness of being alone with Matthew.
Pearl Island was a short distance away, and they would dock in less than twenty minutes.
Realizing Stella seemed lost in thought, Matthew reminded her, “We’re almost there.
Get ready.
”
“Alright.
” Stella nodded in acknowledgment.
As the yacht reached the shore, Matthew assisted Stella in disembarking.
Catching sight of a group of bustling figures on the beach, she questioned in astonishment, “Are they harvesting pearls?”
###chapter543
Matthew nodded.
Noticing her rapt attention, he asked, “Would you like to try pearl harvesting yourself?”
“Me?” Stella gestured at herself, uncertain.
“Is that okay?”
“I brought you here to unwind.
You’re free to do as you please,”
Matthew said, locking eyes with her.
She looked excited at the prospect.
Grinning, Matthew said, “Let’s go enjoy ourselves.
It’ll be relaxing.
”
With that, he naturally took Stella’s hand and began walking.
Stella’s gaze fell on their intertwined fingers, and her eyelashes fluttered.
“The terrain here is uneven.
I’ll guide you, Matthew explained casually.
Only then did Stella’s restless heart settle down.
Upon reaching the area where the workers were gathered, Matthew let go of Stella’s hand and summoned a worker to instruct her.
Donning her gloves, Stella cheerily greeted the worker.
The person was highly skilled and explained the process in great detail.
Stella listened intently, then carefully opened a shell following the worker’s guidelines.
The moment she extracted the first pearl, its natural sheen left her in awe.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She had never thought that unpolished pears could be so dazzling.
“It’s so beautiful!” Stella marveled.
Intrigued, she proceeded to open a few more shells.
While farming, she turned to Matthew and said, exhilarated, “This is my first time doing something like this.
The pearls seem to be of high quality.
Prosperity Group made a wise investment.
They’re bound to see returns.
”
Matthew’s eyes sparkled with joy seeing Stella work on the pearls.
He knew choosing her was the best decision.
As the sun dipped below the horizon, Stella reluctantly left with Matthew.
“You’re welcome to return anytime you’d like,” he noted, catching the hint of hesitance in her eyes.
###chapter544
“Really?” Stella questioned, surprised.
“Absolutely.
I told you, you’re free to do what you want here,”
Matthew assured her.
Stella hesitated, overcome with a strange emotion.
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark,” she mumbled, eyes downcast.
Matthew said nothing more.
Looking at her long hair fluttering in the wind, he came to a decision.
That night, Stella lay restless in bed, sleep eluding her.
Every time she closed her eyes, memories of the day with Matthew flooded back, leaving her wide awake.
Just as she was about to head downstairs for a glass of water, her phone buzzed.
Switching on her phone, she saw a text from Maverick.
“I’ll be in Seamarsh tomorrow.
May I meet you?”
Upon seeing the message, Stella was instantly wide awake.
She switched on her light, reread Maverick’s message.
For a while, she couldn’t finalize her reply.
For a long time, she pondered how to respond.
In the past, she had longed for Maverick to return so they could resolve their lingering issues.
Now, however, she felt uncertain.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Just the thought of meeting Maverick filled her with nervousness instead of the anticipation she had once felt.
Everything Maverick had done recently had reassured her; it was clear he wanted to salvage their shaky marriage.
Yet she found herself questioning whether or not she wanted to save te Stella was at a loss for an answer.
Initially, she had wanted a happy life with Maverick, but their missed connections and misunderstandings had led to numerous unhappy experiences.
This turned her initial enthusiasm into profound ambivalence, devoid of any joy at the thought of seeing him again.
Before she could decide how to respond, another message from Maverick appeared.
“Your grandfather mentioned you enjoy not just design, but also concerts.
Thea Yates, the cellist, is performing in Seamarsh tomorrow.
###chapter545
I bought us tickets.
”
Stella clenched her phone and took a deep breath.
She simply texted back, “Okay,” before switching off her phone.
She lay down, her emotions a jumble.
The idea of meeting Maverick filled her with discomfort and uncertainty.
She stared at the ceiling, letting out a heavy sigh.
She reassured herself that she had to face him at least once, and it was best to do it courageously.
After sending the details to Stella, Matthew put away his phone.
Indescribable joy appeared on his cold face.
He picked up the glass of wine next to him and drank it up.
He was still excited.
The time was ripe to reveal his true identity.
Jeremy and the others were powerless to stop him.
His prior anxieties were now dispelled.
He had to take this chance to be open with Stella.
If he continued to keep his identity a secret, it would only complicate matters further.
He would give Stella sufficient time to come to terms with the truth.
She was his wife, and that would never change.
Determination flashed in Matthew’s eyes.
The next day, Stella left a note for Clint and caught the earliest train back to Seamarsh.
Matthew would likely be asleep at this time.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She didn’t want any one-on-one encounters, especially when she had to meet Maverick later.
As long as their meeting went smoothly, they would come to an agreement.
Upon arriving home, she found Miley eating breakfast.
Miley was puzzled.
“Weren’t you in Bysea? Why are you back so soon?”
Stella set down her bags and said candidly, “Maverick is coming back to Seamarsh today.
He wants to see me.
”
“ihat?” Miley dropped her toast in surprise.
She picked up the toast and put it on the plate.
“Are you two discussing divorce?” she asked cautiously.
###chapter546
Stella nodded.
“It’s been pending for too long and it needs to be addressed.
”
Miley was adamant.
“I’ll get you dolled up.
You can’t let Maverick stand you up this time.
”
“No need.
A casual attire is fine,” Stella replied, not feeling like dressing up.
“You need to look your best.
I’ll take care of it.
You just focus on the meeting.
” Miley didn’t give her a chance to refuse.
The evening came.
Wearing a formal dress, Stella drove Miley’s car to the concert hall.
Her eyes were glued to the road, her face a portrait of seriousness and anxiety.
Stella drove slowly all the way to the destination and stopped the car.
Then, she took a deep breath and opened the car door.
Just as she got to her feet, a hand reached out from behind and clamped over her mouth.
Stella’s eyes widened in terror.
Fueled by survival instinct, she bit the hand.
“f@ck!” The man behind her cursed and momentarily loosened his grip.
Seizing the chance, Stella sprinted away and screamed.
“Help! Help…
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Hmm…”
Before she could take another step, her hair was yanked back and a stinging slap landed across her face.
Stella fought back frantically, desperately hoping someone would hear her cries.
“Help…” Stella resisted.
“Shut up!” The man yanked her hair and slammed her head against a nearby wall, issuing a fierce warning.
“Behave!”
Feeling woozy, Stella noticed blood trickling down from her head.
She lost consciousness before she could say another word.
###chapter547
Stella lay in an old, abandoned warehouse, alone and cold.
She opened her eyes slowly as she regained consciousness.
She had no idea how long she was out for.
She attempted moving but realized that her hands had been tied.
She blinked repeatedly, taking in her surroundings.
A dim yellow light hung in the center of the room and a small, old table stood in the corner with several chairs scattered around it.
Stella immediately realized what was going on.
The last thing she remembered was being attacked by a masked man.
She lost consciousness after her head was hit in the wall.
Stella strained to move but stopped because of the sudden jolt of pain that ran through her body.
She inhaled sharply.
Suddenly, the sound of the metal door being opened reverberated through the entire room.
Stella subconsciously held her breath.
The metal door opened slowly, making a creaking sound as it moved.
Stella watched them secretly.
A man walked in first.
He had blond hair and a cigarette in his mouth as he strode confidently.
He seemed to be the leader.
After him, two men followed suit.
They were large and very intimidating, having fierce auras.
As they got closer, Stella shut her eyes, sucking in her breath.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She was clearly no match for them.
She needed to focus on protecting herself first, before trying to escape.
The blond guy dragged a chair forward and sat.
He turned to the men that came with him.
“Check if she’s up.
”
One of the men walked over to her, kicking her slightly.
Seeing there was no response, he walked back to where the blond guy sat.
“Still unconscious.
”
The blond guy let out a loud snort.
He threw his cigarette on the floor and crushed it with his foot.
###chapter548
One of the other men quickly gave him another one, lighting it for him.
“So what are we going to do with her?”
The blond guy exhaled a puff of smoke.
“We are going to r@pe her.
We can do whatever we want as long as she’s alive.
”
“That’s great to hear.
We get money and pleasure? It’s absolutely perfect.
You can use her first.
We’ll go after you, sir.
”
“You’re becoming more judicious day by day,” the blond guy said, as he smiled at him.
“It’s because you’re such a great boss, sir.
You were able to score this beautiful lady for us.
She really is a beauty like I’ve never seen before, and we get to enjoy her as we please.
”
The whole conversation was awful, and it wasn’t getting any better.
Stella was in a state of panic.
Her heart was racing terribly.
It felt like it was going to explode out of her chest.
She tried thinking of a way to escape but failed miserably.
Her mind was utterly blank.
She had no idea who hated her so much that they would do this, but she had a faint guess.
Prosperity Group had been doing so well lately and a lot of people were jealous of that fact.
The person who had trapped her in the freezing warehouse might be working with the person behind this.
Or they might even be the same person.
Stella gritted her teeth in an attempt to calm down.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She had to do something.
A whole nightmare was right there waiting for her.
She had to think of something quickly.
There was no way she was letting them do this.
Suddenly, the awful conversation came to an end.
The blond guy got up from his seat and knocked the table over.
“Let’s go eat then.
We’ll wait till when she wakes up.
”
“Okay, sir.
” Pure excitement could be heard in his voice.
She could hear their footsteps becoming faint, then the sound of the metal door opening was next.
Stella kept her eyes closed.
She waited carefully to be sure that no one was in the room with her.
A few minutes went by and she finally sat up and opened her eyes.
###chapter549
She needed to escape desperately.
Stella glanced around; there had to be something she could use to cut the ropes.
She spotted something shiny under the table.
A blade!
A glint of hope flashed through her eyes as she tried her best to move closer to the table.
Stella finally shifted to the side of the blade, which seemed to be a remnant of the previously disassembled machine.
Grasping the blade cautiously, Stella looked to the door.
After ensuring that the group had not returned, she felt a momentary sense of relief.
Without delay, Stella used the blade to saw at the rope binding her hands.
Her body was shaking uncontrollably.
The rope was both thick and securely fastened, making it challenging to free her hands.
Despite her utmost effort, progress was painfully slow.
The rope appeared unscathed.
Anxiety swelled within Stella, causing tears to fill her eyes.
She was desperate to avoid a grim fate at the hands of these men, yet she couldn’t even manage to untie the rope.
Stella’s palms were sweating.
Gritting her teeth, she redoubled her efforts to sever the rope.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Suddenly, the door swung open with a loud creak, causing Stella to freeze.
Her eyes shot up, and she saw the men who had just left now returning.
Filled with dread and fear, Stella involuntarily retreated, stammering, “You… don’t come any closer.
”
Her voice was raspy.
The blond man advanced towards her, step by step.
“Awake already?”
He licked his lips and wiped them with his thumb, flashing a malevolent grin.
“Still thinking of running away? Do you really think you can?”
His laughter was manic.
Stella felt as if she had plunged into a bottomless abyss of despair.
She concealed the blade in her hand, ready to resist him the moment he made his next move.
###chapter550
“A beautiful woman’s gaze can indeed be tempting.
” He crouched down, lifting his hand to lightly grasp Stella’s chin.
“You’re gorgeous.
Say something sweet, and maybe, if I’m in a good mood, I’ll let you go.
Why even try to run away?”
As he spoke, his other arm wrapped around Stella’s waist.
Struggling to free herself, Stella suppressed her tears and fear, striving to remain composed.
“Don’t touch me! If it’s money you’re after, my husband can provide it.
”
The man hesitated, intrigued by her offer.
Stella continued, “I’m serious! My husband is a wealthy businessman.
I can give you his contact information.
Call him, and he’ll give you whatever amount you ask for.
”
The man pondered for a moment, then abruptly stood up as if struck by an idea.
He grabbed Stella’s bag from the table and confiscated her phone.
“I’ll deal with you later.
”
On the other side, Matthew arrived early at the music hall, as did Thea.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He had reserved the entire concert for Stella, personally selecting the solo performance.
After consulting with Clint about Stella’s favorite song, he decided to feature it as the concluding piece.
His sole intention was to provide Stella with an unforgettable evening.
Observing Matthew’s formal attire, Thea remarked, “Mr.
Clark, you’re exceptionally well-dressed tonight.
”
Though they had known each other for years, Thea rarely saw him in a tuxedo.
Matthew offered a courteous smile.
“I’ve invited my wife to tonight’s concert.
”
Thea nodded, replying, “I hope you both have a delightful evening.
”
With that, she rose to prepare backstage.
Matthew double-checked that he had brought the gift before anxiously awaiting Stella’s arrival.
He smoothed his tuxedo jacket and took a deep breath to mask his nervousness.
###chapter551
Time ticked away.
“Mr.
Clark, the show is about to start,” a staff member reminded him.
Matthew’s eyes scanned the entrance, but there was no sign of Stella.
“Just a moment,” he responded.
Then he took out his phone.
There were no messages or phone calls from Stella.
Knowing Stella as he did, it was unlikely she would miss their engagement.
His brow furrowed, Matthew tried calling her, but her phone was switched off.
An unsettling feeling washed over him.
His expression altered, and his unease escalated.
Had something happened to Stella?
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew tried reaching Stella multiple times, but received no answer.
He felt that something was wrong.
Acting quickly, he gave a stern command.
“Suspend the concert.
”
Without a second’s delay, he exited the auditorium and dialed Fernando.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Locate Stella immediately!”
After ending the call, he hurriedly got into his car.
Just as he was about to attempt another call to Stella, his phone buzzed.
An unfamiliar number flashed on the screen.
Matthew picked up the call and hit the accelerator.
“Good evening, Mr.
Clark.
” The caller greeted him nonchalantly.
“Who is this?” Matthew’s voice was tinged with anger.
The caller chuckled maliciously.
“I advise you to voluntarily resign from your role as CEO of Prosperity Group.
Otherwise, your designer, Stella Anderson, might not live to see another day.
”
Matthew’s eyes narrowed instantly, and he slammed on the brakes.
###chapter552
Given the caller’s words, he was nearly certain that Stella was in jeopardy, and either Jeremy or Charlene was behind it.
Matthew’s expression turned grim.
He had always been cautious about his relationship with Stella to protect her.
He never thought that, despite his efforts, Stella would still end up in a perilous situation.
“Do not harm her,” Matthew warned, his voice icy.
“That depends on your willingness to cooperate.
” The man walked into the warehouse again.
Noticing Stella sprawled on the floor, he brutally kicked her in the shoulder.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Ah!” Stella cried out in agony.
She shot the blond man a piercing glare, but he seemed unfazed.
Grinning, he said into the phone, “Did you hear her cry out?”
“Don’t hurt her!” Matthew growled.
“Changing the president of Prosperity Group isn’t simple.
I need time.
”
Assuming Matthew’s agreement, the man lightened up a bit but urged, “Act quickly, or who knows what might happen to such a lovely woman.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s grip tightened on the steering wheel.
“Harm her and you’ll get nothing.
”
The caller suddenly had a thought.
His lecherous gaze settled on Stella.
Then, smirking, he proposed, “If you don’t want her hurt, offer me something in advance.
”
“How much are you asking for?” Matthew inquired bluntly.
“Will a hundred million suffice?”
The caller’s eyes sparkled with avarice.
He nodded energetically.
“Prepare the funds and contact me again.
”
Before disconnecting, Matthew added chillingly, “She better be unharmed, or you won’t see a dime.
”
“I understand,” the caller replied dismissively.
After hanging up, he smirked disdainfully.
###chapter553
He stared at Stella and squatted beside her, caressing her face.
“Your man really does adore you.
”
Hearing this, Stella immediately recalled the phone conversation.
She surmised he had indeed been in touch with Maverick.
She turned her face away, stating, “Don’t touch me.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Her overt revulsion incensed the man.
He struck Stella’s face and scoffed, “How dare you act defiant!
Behave yourself or face the consequences!”
Stella’s face swelled as her consciousness started to fade.
“If you lay a finger on me, my husband will make you pay dearly.
”
She mustered her remaining strength to resist, but the man proceeded to tear her clothing.
He seized her by the hair and taunted, “I wonder if your husband will come to your aid.
Either way, it will take time to get the money.
In the meantime, I intend to enjoy myself.
Your capture wasn’t pointless, after all.
”
“How dare you…”
“Still fighting back?”
He raised his hand to strike her again, but his accomplice intervened.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Hold on.
What if you really injure her and we lose the money?”
The blond man, consumed by his desire to dominate Stella, brushed off the warning.
“Don’t you want to have a taste of her?”
The two men exchanged glances, their grip on Stella visibly relaxing.
“No!” Seizing the opportunity, Stella lunged at the blond man and then lost consciousness once more.
Upon ending the call, Matthew’s anxiety grew palpable.
He immediately dialed another number, covertly mobilizing his private helicopters to scour the city in search of Stella.
“The kidnapper just called me.
Start tracing the IP address of that phone.
” Once the arrangements were in place, Matthew ended the call.
His fists clenched and his expression darkening.
Regret and anger coursed through him.
###chapter554
He had let his guard down far too easily, especially at a time when Charlene and Jeremy were utterly defeated.
They were desperate to vent their anger on someone, and he should have been there to protect Stella.
Matthew’s face grew even colder with anger.
After a moment, his phone rang once more.
“Speak,” he commanded.
“We’ve pinpointed Stella’s phone signal to an abandoned warehouse in the south of Seamarsh.
The signal from the number that just called you also originates from there,” the voice on the other end reported.
“Send me the exact address immediately,” Matthew demanded, his voice icy.
“And assemble a team to follow me.
”
With determination etched on his face, he started the car, ready to take swift action.
Amidst the cacophony of voices, Stella slowly regained consciousness.
She blinked and discerned a familiar yet cold male voice speaking nearby.
Her body quivered involuntarily.
The man appeared to be on the phone, discussing something.
She caught snippets of her name and the mention of Matthew.
Stella willed herself to remain calm.
She needed to identify who was behind her predicament.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Suddenly, the man exclaimed, “What? You want me to kill that woman?”
Kill her?
Stella’s mind went blank, and her body trembled.
Hadn’t the kidnapper received the ransom from Maverick? Did they now intend to kill her?
Fear surged through Stella, but at this moment, all she could do was wait and listen.
The conversation continued, almost like a negotiation.
“This woman can’t be killed yet,” the man asserted.
“I…” He hesitated before reluctantly revealing the truth.
“He gave me one hundred million to release this woman.
How about you? You gave me far less, yet you want her dead.
I’m not stupid.
Unless you offer more money, I won’t agree.
I’m an asshole? If I weren’t, I wouldn’t be involved in kidnapping.
###chapter555
Anyway, make your decision quickly.
Either pay up, or we won’t speak again.
I don’t have time to chat.
”
The two parties argued for a while, and it seemed the other side had offered a substantial sum of money.
The man smirked triumphantly.
“If you’d agreed earlier, we wouldn’t have wasted so much time talking.
Rest assured, you provide the money, and this woman will vanish without a trace.
No one will find out anything about us.
”
Once the man hung up, his partner protested vehemently, “This is illegal.
We can’t kill people! We’re here for the money, not murder.
”
The blond man glared at them.
“Isn’t kidnapping illegal? They’ve promised us three hundred million! Don’t worry.
I want the money to live a better life, not risk my neck.
”
The two partners exchanged hesitant glances.
“So, what’s the plan?”
The blond man glanced around and came up with a plan.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Are there some barrels of gasoline over there? We’ll douse the warehouse with gasoline.
After we’re done with this woman, a fire will engulf the entire place.
Then we can take the money and escape abroad for a good time.
”
“You’re quite the strategist…”
“Enough chatter.
Let’s get to it!”
Stella’s mind was a whirlwind of panic.
She had one singular thought: she needed to escape.
However, her hands and feet remained securely bound.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She struggled relentlessly, but all she achieved was drenched in sweat and exhaustion.
Desperation consumed her.
She couldn’t accept dying like this, not when she had her grandfather to talk to, unresolved matters with Maverick, and a burgeoning career.
So much remained unfinished.
Who could possibly want her dead?
Tears welled in Stella’s eyes as fear, helplessness, and despair swelled within her.
She heard the sound of gasoline sloshing, the pungent smell instantly filling her nose.
Stella’s heart ached.
Was this really where she would meet her end?
“Everything is in place.
” The kidnappers doused the warehouse with gasoline.
###chapter556
The blond man nodded.
Approaching Stella, he remarked, “Such a shame!
Your face is quite lovely.
”
Withdrawing a blade, he held it flat against Stella‘s neck.
“Please…” Stella implored, barely able to open her eyes.
“Let me go.
Whatever amount you’re asking for, I can pay.
”
“It’s too late for that.
I’m out of patience.
” Sneering, the man let the blade skim across Stella’s neck, blood oozing out.
“Hold on!” Stella cried out with all the energy she had left.
Annoyance flitted across the man’s eyes.
“What’s it now? Whatever you have to say, it won’t change the outcome.
”
He was about to make three hundred million.
Killing Stella was his ticket to that fortune.
Wasting no more time, he growled, “Had I known your life was worth so much, I wouldn’t have kept you alive this long.
”
He aimed the blade at Stella’s heart.
“If your life is so precious, you deserve a beautiful end.
”
Without allowing Stella a chance to speak, he struck her neck with his palm.
“Plea…” Stella’s eyes shut, and she collapsed, unconscious.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Finally, the man chuckled.
“At last, she’s quiet.
”
He cleaned his blade and directed his accomplices, “Start the fire and bring the car around.
I’ll finish her off and we’ll make a quick exit.
”
His two henchmen nodded in agreement and left.
As the man raised his blade to deliver the final blow, his hand was suddenly seized, and his wrist was twisted until it cracked.
Letting out a scream, he dropped the knife.
“Who the hell is there?” he bellowed, just as a foot made contact with his face.
Spitting out a mouthful of blood, he crumpled to the floor.
###chapter557
Only then did he see who had intervened.
Matthew stood there, his expression steely and impassive.
His eyes shifted to Stella, who lay on the floor, soaked in her own blood.
His face darkened.
A torrent of emotions flooded his heart.
As Matthew bent to lift Stella, he noticed another man lunging at him, brandishing a knife.
Matthew dodged swiftly, but not before the blade grazed his suit.
Irritated, Matthew kicked the man hard in the shoulder.
Yelling in pain, the man hit the wall and slumped down.
He felt like his bones crack.
Seeing Matthew approach, he pleaded, “Please, spare me…”
Before he could complete his sentence, another scream erupted from him.
He dropped his arm weakly, rolled his eyes, and lost consciousness.
Matthew tossed him aside.
‘s BunnyBookery
He untied the ropes binding Stella’s hands and feet.
When he saw the chafing on her wrists and ankles, a murderous glint appeared in his eyes.
“Stella…” Frantically, he called her name.
“Wake up.
I’m taking you home.
”
Stella didn’t respond.
Her face was ashen.
Carefully cradling Stella, Matthew was about to exit when he detected the acrid scent of burning.
Frowning, he instinctively glanced to the window.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Smoke billowed and flames danced.
Matthew’s eyes narrowed as he sprinted out, carrying Stella.
As they jostled along, Stella began to regain consciousness.
She felt enveloped in a warm hold, basking in the relief of rescue.
Stella struggled to open her eyes, but too weak to do so.
She coughed and asked softly, “Is that you, Maverick?”
###chapter558
Matthew’s heart soared at her words.
Rushing his reply, he affirmed, “Yes, it’s me, Maverick.
I’m sorry I’m late.
”
“You… You’re here at last…” Stella struggled to complete her words before her consciousness started to wane.
Relinquishing her defenses, she collapsed into Matthew’s embrace.
“Stella!” Matthew accelerated, rushing out of the building.
Upon seeing them, Fernando hurried over and inquired, “Mr.
Clark, how is Stella?”
Ignoring him, Matthew said, “Open the door.
”
Fernando promptly obliged.
After that, Matthew gently laid Stella on the back seat.
Closing the door behind him, he glanced at the warehouse, where the fire was now roaring, consuming everything in its path.
His face was stern.
Moving to the driver’s seat, he commanded, “Stay here, handle the aftermath, and keep me updated.
”
Without another word, he sped off.
Matthew rushed Stella to Seamarsh’s top private hospital.
Having been alerted in advance, medical staff were awaiting their arrival.
The moment the car stopped, they quickly transferred Stella onto a gurney and rushed her into the emergency room.
“Make sure she’s alright, no matter what it takes,” Matthew ordered.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The doctor acknowledged him and disappeared into the emergency room.
The red light of the emergency room was on.
Matthew stood there, his blood-stained hands now a dark red.
He clenched them tightly, his body trembling subtly; his face was a mask of icy fury.
His phone rang, snapping him back to the present.
Fernando’s voice emanated from the speaker.
“We’ve apprehended two individuals outside the warehouse.
They’re accomplices.
I’ll interrogate them tonight.
”
Matthew, without saying a word, implicitly approved.
###chapter559
Disconnecting the call, he gripped the phone tightly, a newfound rage surging within him.
What happened to Stella snapped the last thread of his patience.
This time, no one would escape retribution.
Not a single soul.
An eerie silence enveloped the corridor until the red light above the emergency room went out.
Matthew leapt to his feet and approached the medical staff.
“Mr.
Clark, the patient is stable.
She’s been moved to her ward.
Her neck wound is treated, and other injuries are superficial.
However, she suffered a blow to the head and needs monitoring for possible concussion,” the doctor reported.
‘s BunnyBookery
“I understand,” Matthew replied, his eyes icy.
He made his way to Stella’s ward.
When he opened the door, Matthew saw a nurse inside.
Stella lay in the bed, unconscious.
Although cleansed of the blood, her face was still unnaturally pale.
As the nurse reached for an ointment, Matthew said, “Give it to me.
”
Taken aback but compliant, the nurse handed it over, explaining, “This ointment is for reducing bruising.
”
Matthew nodded, accepting the ointment.
The nurse exited, closing the door behind her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Seated beside Stella, Matthew tenderly applied the ointment to the bruises on her face.
His touch was delicate, his breathing subdued as if he were handling the most fragile of treasures.
He completed the application and washed his hands, returning to find Stella stirring.
She furrowed her brows, looking deeply distressed.
Matthew’s heart clenched.
He sat back down, gripping Stella’s hands firmly.
“Don’t worry, I’ll take better care of you from now on,” he murmured.
Then, he ki*sed her hand.
Thoughts of the evening’s events still haunted him.
Had he arrived just five minutes later, he would have lost her forever.
###chapter560
It was an outcome he couldn’t bear to contemplate.
After he became the CEO of the Prosperity Group, he had been hunted many times.
In the most serious case, the bullet flew past his head, but he was not as scared as he was now.
If he had been a competent husband, Stella would never have faced such repeated peril.
Matthew’s eyes turned red.
Luckily, the woman he loved most was still safely beside him.
Clutching Stella’s hand tightly, he silently prayed for her recovery.
Matthew stayed in the ward for a long time.
It wasn’t until Fernando called him again that he had to leave.
Lying in bed, Stella stirred restlessly, her face contorted in distress.
Her fists clenched as she cried out, “Don’t leave me!”
Stella was reliving scenes from her childhood in her dreams.
She dreamt of a car accident where a couple released her hand, telling her apologetically, “We’re sorry.
You must go on Living.
”
“No…”
Stella kept crying, but the young man and woman still waved at her and left.
She tried to chase after them, but stumbled and fell.
“Ah!” With a scream, Stella’s eyes flew open.
There was a blurry figure in front of her.
“Stella? You’re awake!”
As her vision cleared, Stella recognized the figure.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Miley…”
Struggling to sit up, she winced, feeling pain throughout her body.
“Stay still.
You’re covered in injuries,” Miley cautioned, gripping Stella’s hand while wiping sweat from her forehead.
Pressing the call button, Miley stated, “I’ll summon the doctor to assess your condition.
”
Stella didn’t say anything.
Stella remained silent, feeling disoriented and parched.
She was still in a daze until the doctor arrived.
Growing increasingly anxious, Miley asked, “Doctor, how is she?”
###chapter561
The doctor set down his stethoscope.
“She inhaled a lot of smoke, leading to tracheal constriction.
She’s stable now but needs to be observed for concussion symptoms over the next two days.
”
Relieved, Miley thanked the doctor.
“I understand.
Thank you.
”
After the doctor left, Miley turned to Stella, tears forming in her eyes.
“I was terrified, Stella.
I can’t let you go anywhere alone again.
I have to be with you.
”
“I’m alright,” Stella reassured in a raspy voice.
“Don’t worry”
“Look at you.
I almost thought I would never see you again.
” Miley extended her hand to Stella, but she promptly withdrew it as soon as it neared, apprehensive of inadvertently touching Stella’s injury.
She gently held Stella’s hand and said softly, “Listen to the doctor.
Take proper rest, and I’ll fetch anything you need.
”
“Water…” Stella said with difficulty.
Miley stood up.
“I’ll get it for you right away.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Quickly, Miley fetched her a glass of water and helped her drink.
Setting the glass aside, she inquired, “Need anything else?”
Stella shook her head.
“How did I end up in the hospital?”
The last thing she remembered was someone saving her, but now only Miley was here.
“Matthew rescued you,” Miley divulged.
“What?” Stella looked stunned.
“How did he know where I was? What about Maverick?”
She was supposed to meet Maverick.
Had she not arrived, he would have been the one to find her.
###chapter562
How did Matthew appear in the picture?
Before Stella could puzzle it out, Miley clarified, “Matthew’s team located you.
They worked with Maverick to bring you back.
”
Stella’s brows furrowed, sensing that something was off.
“Where’s Maverick? Where did he go?” she pressed.
‘s BunnyBookery
Miley looked uneasy.
“I don’t know.
When Maverick called me to the hospital, only you were here.
He just told me over the phone to take good care of you.
”
Stella looked away, her lips tightly sealed.
Noticing her disappointment, Miley tried to lift her spirits.
“Perhaps Maverick is busy figuring out who abducted you?”
Stella didn’t reply but seemed slightly mollified.
Relieved, Miley added, “If not for Maverick and Matthew, you’d be in a far worse situation.
The people who did this to you can’t get away.
”
Stella nodded, agreeing with Miley.
“You’ve had more than your share of hardship recently.
Once you’re out of the hospital, let’s consult a spiritualist to see if you’re going through an unlucky phase,” Miley suggested.
Stella gave no indication that she heard, staring out the window instead.
She was preoccupied, remembering a blurry figure before she lost consciousness.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She recalled calling him Maverick at that moment, and he responded to her.
But why did the appearance of Matthew appear in her mind?
Two days after the medical examination, Stella was released from the hospital.
Upon completing the discharge paperwork, Miley cast a skeptical look at Stella, who was dressed in business attire.
“You’re headed to the office?”
“Yes,” Stella answered.
“I only took two days off, but I’ve been hospitalized for quite some time now.
It’s high time I returned to work.
”
Miley protested, “You’ve just recovered!”
Grasping Miley’s hand, Stella assured her, “I’m genuinely fine.
###chapter563
You’ve been by my side these past days, so you know my condition better than anyone.
Plus, I recently organized a fashion event.
I have a lot on my plate.
”
“But health comes first,” Miley insisted.
“I understand that, but I also have a responsibility to my team and my job.
I promise, if I start feeling unwell, I’ll leave immediately and go home.
”
After some persuasion, Miley finally consented and personally drove Stella to the office.
As Stella entered the workplace, her colleagues showered her with congratulations.
Following the press conference, her luxury clothing line had garnered the attention of millions, with orders already pouring in.
Stella offered polite smiles but didn’t let the acclaim go to her head.
Her primary concern was to speak with Matthew.
Upon reaching the top floor via the elevator, she encountered Fernando.
Surprised, he greeted her.
“Stella? You’re back to work already?”
She nodded and went straight to the point.
“Is Mr.
Clark in his office? I’d like to thank him.
”
“Mr.
Clark is on a business trip abroad,” Fernando answered.
“He’ll be back in a couple of days.
”
Suspicious, Stella inquired, “Why didn’t you accompany him?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
What was Matthew dealing with that he didn’t bring his special assistant?
Fernando looked away.
“Mr.
Clark is attending to important matters and has other people with him.
I’m staying here to manage other tasks.
”
Stella sensed that Fernando was being evasive.
Fixing her eyes on him, she pressed, “Were you part of the rescue team when I was in danger?”
Lately, she had been pondering her recent kidnap attempt, which she suspected was aimed at undermining Prosperity Group.
She was the director of the design department of Prosperity Group and her recent fashion Line launch was a success.
She wondered if someone was attempting to use her to manipulate Matthew.
Maybe Matthew went abroad to deal with this.
###chapter564
Fernando visibly squirmed under her gaze.
“If you have questions, you’ll have to ask Mr.
Clark when he returns,” he suggested, sidestepping her questions.
On the inside, he felt bad.
He promised Matthew to keep it a secret.
How did his boss know that Stella would return so quickly and inquire about the matter persistently?
If he revealed the truth, he’d be fired.
Matthew had gone to great lengths, even risking himself, to rescue Stella.
This made Fernando reluctant to upset her in any way.
Stella furrowed her brow but had no intention of causing trouble for him.
“I understand.
I’ll go to work now.
”
Then she took the elevator downstairs.
No sooner had she stepped into the elevator than a message from Matthew appeared on her phone.
“When I return, we need to have a serious conversation.
”
Stella was confused.
Stella repeatedly checked the message, verifying that it had indeed come from Matthew.
Her confusion grew.
What did Matthew want to talk with her?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In terms of work, the clothing line had already been designed and was in the production phase, leaving no new tasks on the horizon.
On a personal level, they seemed to lack common topics of conversation.
She couldn’t figure it out even as she settled into her desk.
Just then, Devyn approached her, cheerful expression on his face.
“Stella, you’re back!”
Snapping out of her thoughts, Stella smiled and sat down.
“Is there any pending work that needs my attention?”
“Yes.
” Devyn handed her a sealed envelope discreetly.
“Mr.
Clark told me to give this to you and to keep it confidential.
”
###chapter565
Stella took it, eyebrows furrowing.
“Understood.
”
Once Devyn left, Stella carefully opened the envelope.
Inside was a single, thin sheet of paper.
She took out the paper and saw a commission request for designing dresses.
As she scanned the document, her eyes widened in surprise.
The client was none other than Mrs.
Burke, the spouse of Seamarsh’s minister of foreign affairs.
Shocked and excited, Stella carefully read the papers in her hand.
Mrs.
Burke needed to get a proper dress because she was to accompany her husband to a very important event.
Her measurements were fully described in detail.
It also stated that she had been pregnant for a total of five weeks.
Stella had to design a dress suitable for a pregnant woman.
The thought made her frown slightly.
She would have to draft a preliminary design first.
Once the design was passed, Mrs.
Burke would come to the company to meet the designer in person.
Stella finished reading and couldn’t believe it.
Despite her previous achievements at the KlassicLuxe competition, she was still just a rookie who still had a lot to learn.
She did not expect Mrs.
Burke to take interest in her and trust her to design a dress.
Stella pinched her arm, crying out immediately after due to the stinging pain.
It wasn’t a dream!
She reread the paper to be sure.
It was her name written there! She closed her eyes, taking in deep, long breaths to calm herself.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella thought of sharing the great news with her colleagues, but she recalled that Devyn gave her the document saying it was from Matthew.
Stella was taken aback, and suddenly came to a realization.
It wasn’t possible for her to get in touch with Mrs.
Burke, but it definitely was for Matthew.
Was Matthew helping her again?
Just thinking about Matthew made her happy expression fade, being replaced by an unreadable one.
A few seconds passed and she decided to discard all thoughts about him as she turned on the computer.
Right now she had to think of a perfect design for Mrs.
Burke.
Since he had said he was going to speak with her when he returned, it was pointless thinking about it right now.
Stella searched Mrs.
Burke up, getting all the information she needed.
###chapter566
Mrs.
Burke dressed elegantly all the time.
She was mainly dressed in dark clothes in most of the pictures.
This was similar to what Stella had imagined.
She continued scrolling until she came across a story about Mrs.
Burke and her husband.
Mrs.
Burke was a thirty-six year old woman, who had been trying to have a baby.
It was said that she had a child before, but that baby died early.
Years passed, and she wasn’t able to get pregnant again, but now she finally was.
Stella leaned back in her chair and shut her eyes.
As far back as she could remember, she had grown up in the orphanage.
Love was equally shared there.
She was always eager to feel the love of family.
She wanted parental love.
Stella was suddenly inspired by her thoughts.
She quickly sat up, picked up her pencil and began to sketch.
That evening, Stella clocked out on time.
She got off the elevator and spotted Kole from the executive department in the hall.
Stella walked up to him while he was distracted.
“Why are you still here, Kole?”
“Stella!” Kole was a bit flustered.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Fernando asked me to get Mr.
Clark’s suits.
However, I also need to get home urgently, so I don’t know what to do.
It’s not right for me to ask someone else to do it for me.
But I really need to get home, and I can’t reach Fernando.
”
Kole grew extra anxious the more he talked about it.
After a few seconds, Stella offered, “I’m not busy.
I can help you get the suits instead.
”
“Seriously? You would do that for me? Thank you so much! You’re a lifesaver, Stella.
” Kole smiled at her gratefully.
“I’ll need the address and receipt,” Stella said, smiling warmly in response.
“You have no idea how grateful I am.
I owe you a meal.
” Kole quickly handed her the receipt and details, thanking her one the last time before running off.
Stella was now alone.
She checked the address.
The place was called Mooly Laundry.
She left the building, quickly hailing a taxi.
###chapter567
After a while, she arrived at the place.
Stella walked in and was greeted indifferently by the shop assistant.
“Welcome.
What can I do for you?”
“I’m here for Matthew Clark’s suits.
The CEO of Prosperity Group.
”
Stella showed the receipt.
As soon as the shop assistant heard Matthew’s name, her attitude changed.
“Miss, your name please.
”
“Stella Anderson.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“I’ll go get Mr.
Clark’s suits.
Please wait right here.
” Stella was led to a reception room.
It seemed to be a VIP one.
The shop assistant quickly got her a glass of lemonade.
The room was well-decorated and screamed luxury.
The seats were European-style and very comfy.
A single crystal chandelier hung in the ceiling, shining brightly.
Stella’s gaze darted to the glass on the table in front of her.
Even the glass looked exquisite.
She was in awe.
The owner of the place must be stinking rich.
The small, intricate designs on the furniture were absolutely stunning.
After a few minutes, a soft knock was heard from the door.
A man walked in.
His hair was combed thoroughly and slicked back.
He wore a black suit.
The shop assistant from earlier followed behind him.
She was pushing a coat hanger with three expensive suits hanging on it.
“Welcome to Mooly Laundry, Miss Anderson.
I’m Duane Deleon, the manager.
” Duane bowed slightly as he introduced himself.
“Nice to meet you,” Stella said as she gave him a polite smile.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Mr.
Clark’s suits have been washed thoroughly, but please check them to be sure there is no imperfection.
”
Stella walked over to the suits, inspecting them thoroughly.
Duane slipped his white gloves on as he picked up a suit.
“This particular one was stained with blood and torn in a few places, but we did our best to return it in good shape.
What do you think of it?”
Stella paused.
She stared intensely at the suit in his hand.
A small frown formed on her face.
Was this what he wore when he saved her that night?
Duane spoke up again, interrupting her thoughts.
###chapter568
“While we were cleaning, a small jewelry box was found in the pocket of the suit.
It looked quite expensive and we didn’t want to just send it back to Mr.
Clark like that, to prevent any accidents.
”
Duane gave her the box.
Stella opened it and froze in her spot.
Matthew bought the jewelry for his wife a few months ago.
It was very expensive.
Was he perhaps on his way to meet his wife that day?
“Is there an issue?”
Stella didn’t respond immediately which caused Duane to grow even more anxious.
She finally closed the box and turned to him.
“No, there isn’t.
You can pack the suits please.
”
“ALL right.
Hold on please.
” Duane turned to the shop assistant, instructing her to pack the suits up.
Once the assistant was back, Duane handed the bags to Stella, walking her out personally.
Without wasting any more time, Stella took the clothes to Prosper Bay.
Stella arrived at Matthew’s villa and rang the doorbell.
She was greeted by Erin once the door was opened.
Stella carefully walked into the Living room.
“Thank you so much, Miss Anderson.
” Erin smiled politely at her.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Could you please help me put the clothes in Mr.
Clark’s bedroom? I was doing housework and my hands aren’t exactly clean right now.
I’ll go wash them and meet up with you quickly.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella had no ions.
She walked up to Matthew’s room, the suits in hand.
The room was mainly a dark grey color with some white here and there.
A large bed was placed in the center of the room.
The sheets were grey, and had a large, black blanket over the bed.
The room was just like Matthew.
Luxurious but simple, clean and normal.
Stella inhaled deeply and walked over to the closet.
She hung the suits neatly, according to the colors.
After pondering on it for a few seconds, she finally decided to place the jewelry box in his drawer.
She opened the drawer and inside was a folder with “Divorce Agreement” written boldly on it.
###chapter569
Stella frowned.
This was probably the one that wasn’t invalid before.
She was about to look away until she saw her surname written on it.
The rest of the name was blocked.
She was about to read through it when Erin’s voice came outside the bedroom.
“Miss Anderson? Are you done with the suits?”
Stella promptly closed the drawer and responded to Erin, “Yes.
”
She let out a soft sigh.
Grinning, Erin expressed her thanks.
“I appreciate it, Miss Anderson.
”
Stella nodded, contemplating the document she’d just perused.
“Mrs.
Clark doesn’t reside here, does she?”
Matthew’s closet contained no women’s clothing.
Erin shut the door and shook her head.
“As I’ve said before, I’ve never encountered Mrs.
Clark, and there are no pictures of her in the house.
However, Mr.
Clark owns multiple properties.
Mrs.
Clark used to live overseas and only visited sporadically.
She likely lives elsewhere.
Stella nodded, choosing not to probe further.
After bidding Erin farewell, Stella walked home.
Her mind roiled with haphazard speculations as she went.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s divorce agreement was still at the house, and he had recently been seen wearing a wedding ring, indicating a possible reconciliation with his wife.
The day he rescued her, he had the jewelry with him.
Did he have an important engagement with his wife?
But in the end, he didn’t send the jewelry.
Was his date interrupted by the news of her accident?
And Fernando had been elusive when mentioning Matthew’s business trip to Southeast Asia; he was clearly concealing something.
Did a fight with his wife compel Matthew to leave the country?
Was she the reason for their fight?
###chapter570
Stella couldn’t bring herself to think any further.
She returned home, emotionally unsettled.
Miley was cooking in the kitchen and, upon seeing Stella, asked for her help.
“Stella, fetch me a plate, please.
”
Miley couldn’t leave the stovetop as the oil sizzled.
Stella was mentally adrift.
Refocusing on the dish she was preparing, Miley shouted, “Stella, quickly, hand me a plate!”
Stella snapped back to reality and reached for a plate.
But her lack of focus caused it to slip from her grasp and shatter on the floor.
The breaking sound refocused Stella’s wandering mind.
Hurriedly, she crouched to collect the shards, accidentally cutting her finger in the process.
Blood began to slowly seep out.
Ignoring her cooking for a moment, Miley rushed over.
“You’re hurt again? Come to the living room.
I’ll take care of that cut.
”
“It’s not a big deal.
Just cover it with a bandage,” Stella replied apologetically.
“I’ll take care of this mess.
”
Miley gently urged her to sit on the sofa and reassured, “You stay right here.
I’ll handle the cleanup.
I’ll give you a call when dinner’s ready.
”
Miley grabbed a Band-Aid from the first-aid kit and handed it to Stella.
Gratefully, Stella said, “Thank you, Miley.
”
“It’s no big deal.
I’ve made a special dinner to celebrate your hospital discharge.
Just take care of that cut first,” Miley said before darting back to the kitchen.
They ate dinner in silence.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Breaking the quiet, Stella disclosed, “I went to Matthew’s villa earlier and discovered something intriguing.
”
“What is it?” Miley replied nonchalantly.
Stella informed her, “The jewelry, a gift intended for Matthew’s wife, wasn’t delivered.
He had it with him the day he saved me.
I’m afraid my accident may have disrupted his plans with his wife so they fought.
”
Setting her utensils down, Miley propped her chin on her hand and scrutinized Stella silently.
After a long look, she finally laughed.
###chapter571
“Matthew seems like a genuinely good employer, coming personally to rescue an employee.
I’m afraid if you spend any more time with him, you might unwittingly fall for him.
”
Stella froze.
Miley’s observation left her uneasy.
She lowered her gaze and mumbled, “That’s not possible.
”
Unbeknownst to her, her tone betrayed a trace of guilt.
Two days later, there was still no word on Matthew’s return.
Stella felt increasingly anxious.
Part of her wanted Matthew back soon, while another part was apprehensive about what he might want to discuss.
After much contemplation, she took out her phone, she thought about whether to text Matthew or not.
His last message read, “Wait for me to come back, and we can talk.
”
Should she respond?
Suddenly, a news alert appeared on her phone, which said a flight from Southeast Asia crashed and 38 passengers died.
Stella stared at the words “Southeast Asia” written on the screen and grew anxious.
The news was live, showing that the plane had fallen into the sea.
The search and rescue team was working double time to get people out, but so many were dead by the time they found them.
Stella rushed to the top floor to find Fernando, her agitation taking the best of her.
‘s BunnyBookery
When she found him, he was on the phone.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The expression on his face didn’t make her feel any better.
He finally hung up and Stella quickly asked, “Is Mr.
Clark still in Southeast Asia?”
Her voice came out sounding more agitated than she had expected.
“Mr.
Clark is to come back today.
” His voice sounded hoarse.
Stella placed her phone in front of him, showing him the screen.
“Was this his flight?”
Fernando looked away.
“Yes.
” He practically forced his words out.
Stella almost dropped her phone as her entire body shook uncontrollably.
###chapter572
Have you gotten any news about him yet?” she asked, her voice slightly shaking.
“No.
” A few seconds of silence passed before Fernando spoke up again.
“Don’t tell anyone about the accident until it’s confirmed.
His schedule hasn’t been made public yet.
”
Stella was in a daze, she couldn’t hear anything Fernando was saying anymore.
She pressed her lips tightly together, a wave of depression and sadness hitting her.
They stood in silence until she couldn’t hold her tears back anymore.
“He’ll come back.
He’ll be fine.
He has to be…” She forced a smile as she wiped her tear stained cheeks.
Looking at Stella made Fernando’s heart break even more.
“Nothing has been confirmed yet, so please calm down.
Investigations are still going on.
” He held out a few tissues to her.
Stella didn’t accept the tissues.
She just stood there staring at nothing.
She tried calling Matthew on her phone again.
“Please… Just answer the phone…” Stella kept on muttering that repeatedly as she called.
“It’s no use.
His phone has been turned off since this morning.
”
Fernando paused, watching her reaction.
“But I’m still in contact with the people over there.
No news yet.
”
The color on Stella’s face drained completely.
She quietly took a few steps back.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Watching her desperate state was too heartbreaking for Fernando.
He needed to find Matthew as soon as possible.
“I’ll keep in touch and inform you if there’s any news.
”
Stella nodded silently in response.
She walked back to her table quietly.
After calling a few more times, she put her phone aside, leaned back in her chair and shut her eyes.
She took deep breaths to calm herself and picked up her pencil to try to distract herself.
She couldn’t draw anything.
Her head was blank.
The only thing filling it was the situation at hand.
One of her colleagues passed by.
“Why the long face, Stella? You look like one of your family just died,” he joked.
Stella threw the pencil on the table with a lot of force.
“Get out.
”
###chapter573
She glared at him murderously.
She sounded harsher than anyone expected.
Everyone turned to Stella but dared not to say anything.
They were all shocked.
This was the first time Stella was ever losing her shit in the company.
She was always so kind no matter what.
The guy knew he shouldn’t have said that.
He rubbed his nose awkwardly and quietly left.
Everybody could tell she was in a terrible mood.
They all resumed what they were doing, not daring to even look at her again.
It was now evening.
Everyone else in the company left one by one.
Stella stayed in her seat.
She was waiting for any news from Fernando while watching the news.
After a while, the list of all the missing people was finally posted.
Her entire body trembled tremendously as she clicked on the list.
It seemed as if her entire world stopped moving as she spotted Matthew’s name written clearly on the list.
Stella was in a state of shock.
She couldn’t believe her eyes.
She reread the list countless times.
His name was really there.
This wasn’t some joke.
Matthew Clark was clearly written on it.
Stella shook her head rapidly in disbelief.
Tears spewed from her eyes, dampening her cheeks.
The news was too much for her to handle.
Breathing became difficult.
It was as if someone had ripped out her heart.
Stella sobbed uncontrollably.
Different memories of her time with Matthew replayed over and over in her head.
Back then, when she newly got a job at the company, he was so strict but sweet at the same time.
He consistently demonstrated his respect for women.
He was the type of person to sacrifice his personal interests to make sure all his employees were protected.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He was so gentle and kind.
Why was the world so cruel?
He told her he was going to speak with her when he returned.
Why was he breaking his promise?
Stella sobbed loudly, taking short gasps of air.
She put her phone aside to cry, so she didn’t notice the messages and calls that began blowing it up as she sobbed.
A few minutes after the missing persons list was released, Matthew’s name became a trending topic.
Everyone online, much like Stella, couldn’t believe it either at first.
###chapter574
But soon they accepted it as they began to discuss the matter.
“What’s going to happen now? The position of CEO is currently vacant.
Who’s going to take over? What’s going to happen to Prosperity Group?”
“After all the efforts he put into the company, he just worked for nothing.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Matthew was so young! He had a bright future ahead of him!”
Several comments were made from different angles.
More comments were being uploaded by the minute.
Different kinds of gossip news were released by the entertainment gossip magazines.
In less than two minutes, the top headline was: “Matthew Clark Dead!
The Clark Family Now Left Without an Heir.
This is the Ruin of the Top Family in Seamarsh!”
Stella was still sobbing and was unaware of all the comments spreading across the internet.
No being able to reach her, Fernando decided to go find her himself.
He didn’t know how he was going to break the news to her, but seeing the state she was in, he immediately knew she was aware already.
He walked over and patted her shoulder.
“Hey… He wouldn’t want to see you in this state.
”
Stella looked up at him.
Her face was full of tears.
“Here.
” Fernando handed her a few tissues.
“We still have hope.
His name is just on the list, but his body hasn’t been recovered yet.
So there’s still a chance that he might be alive.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A glimmer of hope flashed through Stella’s eyes.
“Seriously?”
Fernando remained silent.
He couldn’t bring himself to assure her.
That was just his coping mechanism.
He looked away, changing the subject.
“The news is spreading everywhere.
And the opinion of the people isn’t very good.
You were his personal publicist.
You, more than anyone, should know better.
Crying doesn’t solve anything.
It only places the company in a vulnerable spot.
”
Noticing that she had calmed down a bit now, he continued, “I’ll go speak with the company’s partners, while you should go handle all the calls coming in.
Mr.
Clark will return, so we should at least hold the fort down for him until he’s back.
”
###chapter575
“Okay,” she said softly.
Since she had finally calmed down enough, Fernando walked out.
Stella went to the top floor to answer all the calls as Fernando had said.
As she answered, she spoke in a very calm manner.
“No.
There would be no change in the cooperation.
We’re still trying to reach Mr.
Clark.
Only the missing list was posted; we haven’t been told that he was found dead.
”
Immediately she hung up, the phone began to ring again.
A small frown formed on her face as she saw the caller ID, Lucia.
“Mrs.
Clark.
” Stella rubbed her throat to make her voice sound less hoarse.
“Stella…” Lucia cried as her voice broke.
Stella grew confused.
What was wrong? Could something have happened to Maverick?
She was about to ask, but was cut off by the sound of the office door being opened.
Stella looked up and immediately froze in her spot.
It was Like everything around her stopped.
There he was, standing in front of her.
He looked exhausted but maintained his calm and meticulous expression.
It was definitely him, Matthew!
Stella’s grip on the phone loosened, and it fell to the floor, making a loud thud.
Stella gazed at Matthew, who stood by the doorway.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He remained silent before her, his well-fitted suit emphasizing his tall, striking physique.
His flawless face seemed as though it had been sculpted by a heavenly craftsman.
Particularly entrancing were his elongated, narrow eyes.
Was this a dream?
Stella couldn’t trust her own eyes.
Only when the man spoke her name did Stella become certain that the individual before her was indeed Matthew.
Tears began to form in her eyes.
She eagerly grasped Matthew’s hand, asking, “Are you okay? You really are alive!”
Her eyes filled with tears once more.
Stella inhaled deeply before inquiring, “Mr.
Clark, what happened? Fernando informed me you were on that plane.
Your name even appeared on the list of the missing passengers.
”
###chapter576
Noticing Stella’s anxious expression, Matthew reassured her.
“I’m alright.
I reserved a seat on that flight, but changed my plans last minute and flew back on a private jet.
The list of missing individuals also includes those who didn’t actually board the plane.
”
Stella exhaled a sigh of relief, repeating, “I’m so glad you’re alright.
So glad…”
After a day filled with anxiety, she suddenly felt a wave of relief wash over her.
Haven eaten nothing all day and overwhelmed with conflicting emotions, Stella’s body quivered slightly.
Instinctively, she reached out for something to steady herself, but Matthew quickly enveloped her in his arms.
Regaining her composure, Stella attempted to break free, but Matthew tightened his grip.
His solid chest, steady heartbeat, and familiar scent caused Stella to abandon her struggle.
Slowly, she lifted her gaze to meet his.
Her heart fluttered when she locked eyes with him.
The suppressed emotions deep within her erupted and spread uncontroLlably.
They were so close and she could feel the warmth of his breath on her skin.
At the same time, Matthew began to lean in.
His lips inched towards hers.
Stella’s thoughts were a scramble, and she found herself irresistibly drawn to him.
Their lips neared, their breaths mingling.
Suddenly, the phone on the desk rang.
The sharp noise jarred the silence.
Stella trembled, coming back to her senses.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Quickly, she pushed Matthew away and turned, saying in a measured and composed tone, “I apologize, Mr.
Clark.
I lost myself for a moment.
I should answer the phone.
”
Matthew’s expression darkened.
He reached for Stella’s hand, but she briskly shook him off.
The phone stopped ringing.
An awkward silence settled over the room.
Matthew said softly, “You seem unwell.
Head home and rest.
I’ll take care of things here.
”
Only one thought consumed Stella.
She needed to leave immediately.
###chapter577
Without hesitating, she responded, “Alright, Mr.
Clark.
I’ll head home now.
Please take care.
”
She scooped up the fallen phone and dashed out.
Upon exiting the company building, Stella finally slowed her pace.
Out of breath, she paused beside the road, patting her chest to regain her composure.
What was she doing just now? Why had she felt the urge to ki*s Matthew?
Stella was frustrated.
She must be losing her mind!
How could she face Matthew tomorrow?
A moment of silence overcame her.
Clutching her collar, she felt her heart pounding faster, her anxiety escalating.
A daunting realization gradually crystallized in her mind.
She fell in love with Matthew.
Taking a deep breath, Stella closed her eyes in an attempt to dispel her tumultuous thoughts.
She was a married woman, and Matthew was also married.
How could she entertain such unrealistic fantasies about him?
Matthew was, and would always remain, her boss.
Issuing stern reminders to herself, Stella hailed a cab and headed home.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In Prosperity Group, Matthew stood still, engulfed in a vague sense of despair.
An inexplicable ache gripped him.
Snapping back to reality, he realized how late it was.
His first priority should be to ensure Stella got home safely.
Just as he was about to exit, his phone rang.
Recognizing Lucia’s number, he paused to answer the call.
Lucia’s voice trembled with anxiety.
“Matthew, you finally picked up.
I saw the news.
Where are you? Are you okay?” Please tell me.
”
“Don’t worry, Grandma, I’m fine.
” Matthew reassured her calmly.
“I decided to take a private flight back, and I just switched on my phone.
I’m currently at the office.
”
###chapter578
“Thank God.
” Lucia exhaled in relief.
“Today’s news scared me half to death.
I can’t imagine life without you.
”
“I apologize for causing you concern,” Matthew responded, his voice deepening.
Suddenly, Lucia seemed to recall something.
“I tried calling Stella earlier…”
“What did you tell her?” A wave of tension washed over Matthew, his entire body going rigid.
Considering Stella’s recent odd behavior, he felt a rising sense of panic.
“She ended the call before I could speak,” Lucia informed him.
“Later, when I tried again, her phone was off.
Is Stella alright?”
Regaining his composure, Matthew replied, “She’s fine.
It’s better that you didn’t say anything.
I’ll reveal my identity to her soon.
You should get some rest.
I have matters to attend to.
”
After hanging up, he stepped into the arriving elevator.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As he descended, he glanced at his phone to respond to several crucial messages.
After he sent the last message, the elevator arrived at the first floor.
He put away his phone and walked out with a serious expression.
Matthew stood at the exit, his expression devoid of emotion, silently gazing into the darkness beyond.
After a moment of hesitation, he decided against calling Stella.
There was one final confrontation ahead.
Once that was settled, he could fully disclose everything to Stella.
Regardless of whether Stella would accept him or not, he was determined to give it a try.
By the time Stella returned home, it was already the wee hours of the morning.
A soft light emanated from a night lamp in the living room, likely left on by Miley.
Touched, Stella tiptoed to her room.
After washing up, she lay in bed, intending to rest.
However, sleep eluded her, and she found herself growing increasingly restless.
She got up and headed downstairs, grabbed a few beers from the fridge, and returned to her room to watch a TV series on her tablet.
###chapter579
The drama currently showcased a storyline involving infidelity.
Setting down her beer, Stella felt a pang of sadness.
She started to regret her actions.
She had known from her first day at work that Matthew was a married man.
Why had she fallen for him?
Additionally, Maverick was making sincere efforts to mend their relationship.
How could she be so disloyal?
With a forlorn expression, Stella took another sip of her beer.
As the drama continued to unfold on her tablet, she felt like she was the nefarious supporting character, unable to appreciate what was truly valuable.
She was a woman guilty of an unforgivable emotional betrayal!
Stella couldn’t gauge how much beer she’d consumed before finally falling asleep.
It wasn’t until the next day, when she felt someone jostling her, that she sluggishly opened her eyes.
Miley sat at the edge of the bed, her voice tinged with urgency.
“Stella, wake up.
I just saw a news report saying something happened to Matthew.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Rubbing her forehead, Stella shook her head with difficulty.
“No, that’s not true.
I saw him at the office last night.
He’s fine.
“The media loves to fabricate stories.
” Relieved, Miley sighed and switched off her phone, visibly annoyed.
Stella dropped her head, feeling lethargic.
Suffering from a splitting headache, courtesy of the hangover, she lay back down, planning to catch more sleep.
Surveying the room, Miley noticed several beer bottles near the trash can.
Frowning, she admonished Stella, “Why did you drink beer? You’re still healing from your injury.
Why drink so much?”
Stella massaged her temples and half-opened her eyes, her mind muddled with hazy recollections from the previous night.
“I’m not feeling well, Miley.
I’m taking the day off,” she mumbled.
Miley touched her forehead to check for a fever and asked, “Are you alright? Do you need to go to the hospital?”
“I’m fine, just need some rest.
You can go to work.
”
Miley observed Stella’s pallor but chose not to press the issue.
“Rest up.
Call me if you need anything,” she said before tucking Stella in and leaving.
###chapter580
The room grew silent once more.
After some time, Stella’s restlessness returned, preventing sleep.
Sitting up, she pondered her next move.
She was uneasy, unsure of how to confront Matthew, and reluctant to go to work.
However, if she remained at home, her mind would Likely be consumed by overthinking.
It was better for her to go out for a walk.
After contemplating for a while, Stella changed her attire and went outside.
She roamed without a clear destination in mind and found herself unconsciously arriving at the music hall.
A large billboard caught her eye.
It advertised Thea’s concert, the same one Maverick had invited her to attend days before.
She noticed today was Thea’s last performance in Seamarsh.
Stella came to a halt and fixed her gaze on the billboard, which announced that today marked the final concert of Thea in Seamarsh.
Feeling regret for missing it earlier, she approached the ticket counter.
“Hello, I’d like a ticket for Thea’s concert,” she requested.
The saleswoman checked her computer and replied, “I’m sorry; we’re sold out.
”
Hearing this, Stella was disappointed.
However, she lingered outside the concert hall.
Spotting a young man who seemed intent on selling his ticket, she walked over.
“Are you selling your ticket?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Yes.
Miss, would you like to buy it? An emergency came up, so I can’t attend.
I’m offering it at face value.
”
“Sold!” Stella exclaimed, paying for the ticket and entering the music hall.
Upon entering the hall, Stella discovered that it was already filled with a considerable audience.
She located her seat, and before long, the concert commenced.
As the sounds of various instruments began to fill the air, beautiful music cascaded through the music hall, captivating everyone present as they became immersed in the melodies.
Stella found temporary respite from her worries.
Three hours later, the concert ended.
Stella got up to leave, overhearing a conversation between a young couple ahead of her.
A young woman remarked, “It’s no wonder Thea is a virtuoso.
Her music lingers in my mind even after listening.
It’s a pity this is her final concert in Seamarsh.
”
“Indeed,” the boy replied.
“But I heard from an insider that Thea had a private booking a few days ago.
A man booked the entire hall to attend the concert with his wife, but she never showed up.
”
###chapter581
The couple’s voices gradually faded into the distance, leaving Stella stunned by what she had just heard.
Stella felt a pang of guilt at hearing this, thinking of Maverick.
Despite their brief and unpleasant encounter when she had met Maverick only once, he had quietly done so much for her.
She still received small gifts from Maverick from time to time.
Upon her return to Bysea this time, Stella noticed that her grandfather’s house had been adorned with numerous new pieces of furniture.
He revealed that Maverick frequently reached out to him for heartfelt conversations, even making visits and engaging in chats whenever he was on a business trip to Bysea.
She had offered nothing in return, and to make matters worse, she was emotionally attached to her employer.
The more Stella thought about it, the guiltier she felt.
Just then, her phone rang.
She wiped away her tears and looked at the screen.
It was a call from Matthew.
Her heart racing, she instinctively moved to decline the call.
Stella eyed the caller ID on the screen but chose not to answer.
However, the phone kept ringing.
Passers-by began giving her curious glances, forcing Stella to pick up the call.
She cleared her throat, attempting to make her voice sound normal.
“Hello, Mr.
Clark.
”
“You didn’t come to work today?” Matthew inquired bluntly.
Caught off guard, Stella remembered that she’d been so distracted in the morning that she’d forgotten to request a day off.
Stumbling over her words, she said, “I… I’m not feeling well today, so I planned to take the day off.
”
Matthew paused before replying, “You’ll need to come to the company this afternoon.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s heart raced.
In the past, Matthew had always approved her leave requests without a second thought.
Why did he insist on her coming in today?
Was it about the events of the previous night?
She shook her head, dismissing her rising speculations.
“Is there anything urgent, Mr.
Clark?”
“Mrs.
Burke will visit Prosperity Group this afternoon.
” Matthew’s tone remained unemotional.
“Did you receive her dress design commission? I’d like you to meet her.
”
###chapter582
Prompted by his reminder, Stella suddenly recalled that she had a dress to design for Mrs.
Burke.
Stella realized she’d been so wrapped up in worrying about Matthew that she’d only managed to draft a rudimentary sketch.
While she was contemplating this, Matthew added, “Meeting Mrs.
Burke in person could be beneficial for your design process.
”
Recognizing Matthew’s intent, Stella quickly agreed.
“I’ll come to the office this afternoon.
”
“Mrs.
Burke will be at the company at 2 p.
m.
Be prepared,” Matthew said in a businesslike tone and ended the call immediately after.
Gripping her phone, Stella exhaled in relief.
Thankfully, Matthew hadn’t brought up last night’s happenings.
She mentally commanded herself to forget about it.
She couldn’t let it interfere with her job.
When Stella arrived at the company in the afternoon, Matthew was already waiting for her in the first-floor lobby.
Even though she’d told herself to act normal, she couldn’t help but feel uneasy around Matthew.
Feeling somewhat guilty, she lowered her eyes and greeted him.
“Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew nodded indifferently.
“Mrs.
Burke arrived early and is in the meeting room.
Have you prepared the necessary materials?”
“Absolutely, Stella responded composedly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew glanced at her without saying anything.
The two rode the elevator in silence to the top floor, then Stella followed Matthew into the meeting room.
An elegant middle-aged woman was seated on a leather sofa.
Matthew introduced them.
“Mrs.
Burke, this is Stella Anderson, the director of design apartment at Prosperity Group and the lead designer for this series.
”
Smiling, Stella greeted, “Hello, Mrs.
Burke.
It’s a pleasure to meet you.
”
Mrs.
Burke set aside her magazine, cast a brief glance at Stella, and rose from her seat.
She extended her hand to shake Stella’s and greeted her.
“Hello, Miss Anderson.
”
###chapter583
With her curly hair and a warm smile, Mrs.
Burke exuded an inviting presence.
Stella’s initial impression of Mrs.
Burke was that of a remarkably gentle and warmly engaging woman.
“Please, call me Stella,” Stella replied.
Mrs.
Burke nodded slightly, not elaborating further.
Matthew shifted his gaze back to Stella and continued, “It’s an uncommon occasion for Mrs.
Burke to visit Prosperity Group personally.
As the designer of this dress, you should seize the opportunity to discuss details with her face-to-face.
”
Mrs.
Burke gave Stella a congenial smile.
“I’ve seen some of Stella’s designs.
Her work has a distinct style, and that’s why I’m open to giving her a chance.
However…”
She paused, then resumed, “There is another designer who will compete with you for this project.
Do you have any ions?”
Surprised, Stella asked, “May I know who the competing designer is?”
Mrs.
Burke answered, “Slater Aston.
”
Upon hearing Slater’s name, a wave of anxiety washed over Stella.
In the design world, Slater was already a luminary.
His portfolio was both extensive and sophisticated, making Stella’s own collection seem meager in comparison.
When she had been a competitor in the KlassicLuxe design competition, Slater had already served as a judge.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
For Stella, the outcome was almost a foregone conclusion.
Going head -to-head with Slater meant certain defeat.
Nevertheless, she was reluctant to let slip the rare chance to design a dress for Mrs.
Burke.
Stella hesitated, struggling to find her words.
Noticing Stella’s reservation, Mrs.
Burke sought to reassure her.
“I invited you to design a dress for me because I genuinely admire your work.
The title of the designer won’t give anyone an edge.
I judge the garment, not the name behind it.
So don’t worry.
”
Mrs.
Burke’s smile had a calming effect.
Reassured by her words, Stella felt a sense of relief.
Furthermore, losing to Slater would not bring shame; it would instead serve as invaluable experience for her future in design.
Stella looked up and said earnestly, “I understand.
Thank you, Mrs.
Burke.
I’ll do my utmost to design a dress that meets your expectations.
”
“I have faith in you.
Go for it!” Mrs.
Burke beamed.
###chapter584
Stella then asked, “Could you please stand so I could take a few full-body photographs of you?”
“Certainly,” Mrs.
Burke complied.
Once the photos were taken, Stella instinctively inquired about Mrs.
Burke’s style preferences.
Mrs.
Burke answered all her questions patiently.
After noting down all the relevant details, Stella offered her thanks repeatedly.
Afterwards, Mrs.
Burke briefly conversed with Matthew before departing.
Both Matthew and Stella personally escorted Mrs.
Burke out of the Prosperity Group building.
A car awaited her.
The driver respectfully opened the rear door and stepped aside.
Stella said warmly, “Goodbye, Mrs.
Burke.
We look forward to welcoming you to Prosperity Group again.
”
Mrs.
Burke nodded.
“I’m eager to see your design.
”
She slipped into the car, and as the driver closed the door, they began to drive away.
Stella kept her eyes on it until it was out of sight.
She then put distance between herself and Matthew.
Avoiding eye contact, she said, “Mr.
Clark, if there’s nothing more, I’L return to my work.
”
She turned around to leave.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Stella.
” Matthew stopped her.
Stella froze, her nerves tingling.
Matthew was equally tense.
After collecting his thoughts, he began cautiously, “About last night…”
Upon hearing him mention this, Stella was on the verge of interrupting him.
But Matthew apologized first.
“I was wrong last night.
I shouldn’t have crossed the Line.
I hope it doesn’t create problems for you.
”
Stella looked slightly taken aback but clarified her stance.
“I was carried away last night as well.
It won’t happen again.
From this point forward, our relationship will be strictly professional.
”
Matthew’s brows furrowed.
###chapter585
Stella’s declaration was unsettling, but then he reasoned that from her perspective, he was just her employer.
Her sentiments were, therefore, justified.
Matthew tightened his fists, struggling against the urge to reveal the truth.
Unaware of his inner turmoil, Stella simply said, “I’ll get started on the initial draft for Mrs.
Burke’s dress now.
”
Just then, her phone rang.
It was from Miley.
She answered the phone immediately, even with Matthew standing there.
Before she could utter a word, Miley’s urgent plea came through.
“Stella, I’m in Room 601 of Pearl Hotel.
Get here quickly.
”
The line went dead before Stella could ask for details.
Fearing Miley was in peril, Stella wasted no time.
She turned to Matthew and quickly said, “Mr.
Clark, an emergency has come up.
I’ll need to take some time off.
”
Sensing her distress, Matthew felt anxious as well.
He had overheard the word “hotel” and, concerned for Stella, offered, “I’ll come with you.
”
“It’s fine, Mr.
Clark.
There’s no need for you to be bothered about it,” Stella said reflexively.
Matthew was not taking no for an answer.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“It could be dangerous.
And your friend didn’t sound good.
I’ll drive you there.
”
Stella finally gave in, not willing to disagree anymore.
“ALL right, fine.
Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
Stella gave him the address and they both got into the car.
Miley was at Pearl Hotel in a private room.
She had drunk way past her limit and used the bathroom as an excuse to call Stella for help.
Immediately she finished speaking with Stella, she was dragged out of the bathroom to go continue drinking.
Jaden Deleon, the host, put his arm around Miley’s shoulder and placed a glass of wine in front of her.
“Miley! Drink with me.
”
###chapter586
Miley gently moved the glass away from herself and moved out of Jaden’s hold.
She smiled through her teeth forcefully.
“Sorry, I’m way past my Limit.
We can continue another time.
”
“Another time?” Jaden twirled the glass in his hand and stared at her though squinted eyes.
“Okay.
How about this? Drink some more with me, and I’ll invest two million.
What do you say?”
Miley’s eyes widened in shock.
“Are you being serious?”
“Yes, and I always keep my word,” Jaden said as he chuckled lightly.
“ALL right then!” Miley stumbled to her feet picking up the glass he offered her.
“A toast to you!”
She brought the glass to her lips but was suddenly stopped by Jaden.
“Hold on.
”
“Huh? Is something wrong?” Miley grew nervous, thinking he was about to go back on his word.
A disgusting smile was plastered across his face.
“This is not enough.
How about you drink from my mouth?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley froze.
Loud erupts of laughter were heard from the men watching in amusement.
“Come on, Deleon! Only two million? That’s so small for what you’re asking.
She’s so pretty… And young too.
”
“Come on, add a little more for her services.
”
“Maybe if you sucker up to him, he’d add extra money for you, Miley.
Just please him.
”
“If you really need the money, why don’t you drink ten glasses for twenty million?”
“Are you that desperate? Come on! What’s the hold up? Have a drink!”
###chapter587
They all laughed as they made stupid comments.
Having a wealthy background, Miley had never been humiliated and made fun of like this before.
It aggravated her.
She clenched the glass in her hand tightly.
The glass almost shattering from the pressure.
“Sorry, I’ll drink with you another time.
”
Stella placed the glass on the table.
She picked up her bag, ready to leave when Jaden suddenly grabbed her wrist, pulling her down on top of him.
“Let go of me!” she shouted.
Jaden gripped her hands tightly, preventing her from struggling any further.
“Leave, and your company is finished.
”
Seeing the position they were in, the other men made more snarky comments and noises.
It was sickening.
Miley glared daggers at Jaden, but she knew she couldn’t do anything.
He was well capable of destroying her company.
It cost her a lot, she wasn’t willing to just let it go down the drain.
“Why don’t we try this again? Would you like a drink?” Jaden let her go, a sadistic smile on his face.
”
Miley inhaled deeply, she composed herself and picked the glass.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Jaden grinned triumphantly as he picked his own glass as well.
“Drink!”
“Drink!”
The men cheered loudly.
Their loud cheers were interrupted by the sound of the door being opened.
Everyone’s head jerked towards the door.
ALL the men were about to curse when they heard a familiar male voice.
“What on earth are you all doing that’s causing you to make such a ruckus?” Matthew demanded.
Everyone’s attention shifted towards the door.
Matthew stood there, fixing his gaze on those in the room with an expression both stern and icy.
His eyes were like razors, cutting into their very souls.
###chapter588
An involuntary shudder passed through everyone in the room.
Recognizing Matthew, Jaden hastily set his glass down, stood up, and approached him.
“Mr.
Clark, to what do we owe this honor?”
His demeanor was submissive, a marked departure from his earlier arrogance.
No sooner had he spoken than a figure brushed past him.
Spotting Miley on the sofa, Stella hurried over to her.
Clasping the inebriated Miley, Stella spoke in a tone tinged with urgency.
“Miley, it’s me, Stella.
You’re safe now.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Miley’s eyes fluttered open, met Stella’s gaze, and after a brief moment, she relaxed entirely.
“Stella, I’m so glad you’re here.
”
Matthew withdrew his piercing gaze and turned it once more on Jaden.
“Did you force her to drink?”
“Well…” Jaden’s nerves were frayed.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Wasn’t Matthew married? Why was he looking out for Miley?
What exactly was the nature of their relationship?
Jaden’s mind raced, but he couldn’t decipher Matthew’s thoughts.
Summoning courage, Jaden began to defend himself.
“You’ve misunderstood the situation.
We’re all in business here; it’s merely socializing, all in good fun.
”
“In good fun?” Matthew’s eyebrows lifted as he flashed an unsettling smile.
Jaden’s forehead broke out in a Light sweat.
Wiping it away, he managed an awkward grin.
“Yes, all in good fun.
”
“And what fun would that be?” Matthew probed.
Caught off guard, Jaden stammered, unable to form a coherent reply.
“Explain yourself!” Matthew insisted.
###chapter589
Under mounting pressure, Jaden reluctantly divulged, “I agreed to invest two million dollars in her company if she drank with me.
That’s the extent of it.
”
His back felt as if it were coated in a layer of cold sweat.
Matthew chuckled.
“Impressive!”
That icy smile further unnerved Jaden, who bowed his head like a criminal awaiting sentencing, too frightened to utter a word.
After a moment of silence, Matthew finally spoke.
“How about this?
I’ll invest twenty million dollars in her company, and you’ll drink every last drop of wine on this table on her behalf.
”
He phrased it as a suggestion but left no room for Jaden to .
Jaden’s face was drained of color.
He was well aware of the consequences of such a feat.
Frantic, he pleaded, “I was wrong.
I’ll never do it again.
I’ll make the investment in her company without any conditions!”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew remained silent.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Jaden then turned to Miley for leniency.
“I was blinded by my own foolishness.
Please forgive me.
I’ll invest the two million in your company right away.
”
Miley gave no response, simply nestling into Stella’s embrace.
The other men in the room silently observed the unfolding drama, not daring to speak up.
They felt that Jaden had reached a precarious position.
Yet, no one intervened, fearful of incurring Matthew’s wrath.
With Miley offering no reply, Jaden wheeled around, hoping for some acknowledgment from Matthew.
But Matthew dismissed him.
He directed his gaze at Stella and said, “You should take her out of here first.
”
Stella nodded without hesitation.
She was keen to remove Miley from this unsettling environment.
“Miley, let’s go home,” Stella urged, doing her best to support Miley as they left.
Once they’d exited the private room, Stella glanced back at Matthew.
###chapter590
The sight of his strong, broad back filled her with a sense of relief.
After Stella took Miley out, Matthew securely shut the door behind him.
The resonant sound of the door closing sent another shiver through everyone present.
Matthew’s smile dissipated slightly as he rang a bell to summon the waiter for the wine.
It was only then that Jaden grasped the severity of the situation.
With quivering lips, he attempted to plead for leniency once more.
“Mr.
Clark, I know I was wrong.
Matthew took a seat on the sofa without a word.
But the more Matthew remained impassive, the more horrible Jaden felt.
Eventually, the waiter arrived, lining up bottles of potent Liquor on the table.
Matthew gestured for the waiter to stay and lifted his chin slightly, instructing, “Bring some glasses and fill them all.
”
He enunciated each word, his voice icy.
Jaden was so unnerved that he fell to his knees.
Matthew looked at him dispassionately and added, “If you refuse to drink, I can have someone here do it for you.
Pick anyone you Like.
”
With these words, Matthew surveyed the room with a chilly gaze.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Everyone averted their eyes, too intimidated to meet Matthew’s stare.
Jaden clenched his lips, visibly distressed.
He didn’t want to consume the alcohol but dared not defy Matthew.
Finally, pale-faced and shaky-voiced, he managed to say, “Mr.
Clark…
I’l drink it all.
”
Upon uttering these words, he hesitantly took a glass from the waiter, closed his eyes, and downed it in a single gulp.
Matthew commanded unemotionally, “Continue.
”
Jaden hesitated as he set down the glass, his body tense.
The waiter promptly handed him another glass.
###chapter591
He looked from the glass to Matthew, who reclined on the sofa with eyes closed, and felt profound regret.
He lamented ever coveting Miley and offending her under the guise of investment.
He ended up gaining nothing and learning a harsh Lesson instead.
Had he known Miley was connected to Matthew, he never would have provoked her.
Jaden rued his choices.
The onlookers were equally tense, worried about getting caught up in Jaden’s plight.
Seeing Jaden’s predicament, they were all secretly relieved they hadn’t pressured Miley into drinking; otherwise, they’d be the ones suffering now.
Silently swallowing his shame and humiliation, Jaden knocked back three consecutive glasses of spirits and started to Lose consciousness.
Matthew made no move to prevent him from drinking further.
The waiter gave him another glass of wine.
Bending over the table, Jaden waved his hand and refused, ” I can’t drink… I can’t drink… anymore.
”
Matthew’s face remained expressionless.
He scanned the room and randomly pointed at someone, saying, “Jaden said he couldn’t drink anymore.
You feed him.
”
Davies Vance was spectating when Matthew’s finger suddenly aimed at him, freezing his expression.
Wide-eyed, he couldn’t determine if Matthew was serious or joking.
Matthew scowled at Davies.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Or would you like to drink on his behalf?”
Terrified by Matthew’s gaze and tone, Davies hastily grabbed the glass from the waiter and poured it into Jaden’s mouth.
One after another, Jaden consumed the drinks until he finally collapsed on the floor, unable to move.
Matthew raised his hand to signal a halt.
“That’s enough for today.
” He rose to his feet, straightened his suit, and exited the room.
The instant he departed, the room’s oppressive atmosphere lifted.
Davies exhaled nervously and nudged Jaden on the floor, urging, “Wake up…”
But no matter how hard he tried, Jaden remained unresponsive.
Swiftly, Davies took out his phone to arrange for a car to take Jaden to the hospital for gastric lavage.
The group haphazardly lifted Jaden off the floor.
Each one internally acknowledged the undeniable fact.
Matthew was ruthless.
###chapter592
Stella held Miley up as she opened the car door, helping her get in.
When Stella raised a water bottle to her lips, Miley drank to her fill before pushing Stella’s hand away and leaning back in her seat with her eyes closed.
She felt a bit less drunk now.
Stella screwed the lid of the bottle back on as she stared at Miley’s pathetic state, feeling sorry for her.
She removed the hair strands that were stuck to Miley’s lips.
“Miley, why were you drinking with those men?”
Miley turned to face Stella, seeing the worried look on her face.
A few seconds of silence went by before Miley answered, “My company is falling apart.
I can’t tell my parents about it.
They’re all the way abroad, and I don’t want to worry them.
”
“I thought everything was going great!” Stella was shocked.
“What happened? And why didn’t you just come to me?”
She remembered how Miley had taken care of her at the hospital every day after her accident.
Meanwhile, she had no idea that her friend was suffering.
Stella felt horrible.
Miley answered, “It all started when Linda refused to renew her contract after it expired.
She wanted to pursue her studies overseas.
And basically all the company’s partners think highly of Linda and her ability.
After she left, the rest began to leave slowly.
And it’s not like the company makes so much money.
”
A small bitter smile formed on her face as she said the last part.
“So I tried to see if I could get any form of investment out of those men.
”
Stella could feel her heart break into a million tiny pieces.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She pulled Miley into a tight hug.
“Why were you suffering alone?
What are friends for? Why didn’t you tell me?”
“How could I drag you into it? It’s not like you’ve had it so great either.
You’ve been going through stuff of your own.
Besides, it wouldn’t have been good for your health.
”
Stella broke the hug and looked at Miley straight in the eye.
“I promise you, I’m going to find a way to help no matter what.
”
As if on cue, the driver’s door opened.
Matthew got in the car.
He closed the door behind him and looked at them through the rearview mirror.
Stella and Miley were holding hands and topped talking.
###chapter593
“Mr.
Clark, what happened to the men—”
Stella was cut off by Matthew before she could even finish.
“I dealt with them.
” His eyes darted to Miley through the mirror.
“Prosperity Group will invest in your company.
”
Miley’s and Stella’s eyes widened in shock.
Stella quickly came to her senses.
“Mr.
Clark, we appreciate the offer but you don’t have to do that.
”
Matthew had helped her way too many times for her to accept this.
Their relationship was already unclear enough.
And this was her friend’s problem.
He didn’t have to help just because of her.
She couldn’t accept his help again.
She had planned on asking the Anderson family or even Maverick for help, but just not him.
It felt normal for her to ask them, but she just couldn’t bring herself to ask him.
Matthew’s gaze drifted to Stella.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Why can’t I help?”
Stella avoided his gaze, glancing at everything else except him.
“This is Miley’s private matter.
You don’t need to interfere in it.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She stressed the words “private matter” more to make a point.
Matthew stared at her calmly.
“Don’t get me wrong.
Miley was also a winner at KlassicLuxe design competition, so normally I’d also want to invest in her.
”
Stella clenched her fists in embarrassment.
Was she just overthinking again?
His reason for investment was pretty valid and was for business.
But why did she feel disappointed that he was helping for business and nothing more?
Matthew looked away as he started the car.
“You can think it through later.
I’ll drive you home f
###chapter594
Miley fell asleep on the way and leaned against Stella for support.
The whole drive was silent and not a single word was uttered until they arrived at Prosper Bay.
Matthew assisted in carrying Miley up the stairs.
“My room is right over there, Mr.
Clark.
Please help me take her in Stella pointed in the direction of her room.
“She drank a lot so she needs someone to take care of her tonight.
”
Matthew carried her in silently.
He placed Miley gently on the bed and Stella tucked her in.
She turned around to leave when Miley suddenly grabbed her wrist.
She shook Stella’s hand playfully.
“Stella, I’m hungry.
Can you please make me some tomato soup? I’m craving your cooking.
”
Stella found it impossible to say no to Miley.
She nodded and said, “I’ll start cooking now.
You should rest.
”
Satisfied, Miley closed her eyes in response.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Turning around, Stella saw that Matthew was still in the room.
With a polite smile, she said, “Mr.
Clark, it’s getting late.
Thank you for your assistance this evening.
I’ll see you out.
”
Matthew picked up on Stella’s subtle hint for him to leave.
Glancing at Miley resting in the bed, he pondered his reasons for staying.
“You’ll need time to cook.
Let me watch over your friend in the meantime.
”
Before Stella could decline, Matthew spoke up.
“I haven’t eaten dinner yet, either.
” He met Stella’s eyes with his own unclouded gaze.
Feeling cornered, Stella found it hard to say no.
After all, without Matthew, extricating herself and Miley from the party would have been a challenge.
“Alright.
Could you please watch Miley for a bit?” She then left the room.
Matthew took a seat and surveyed Stella’s bedroom.
His last visit was when Stella was ill.
###chapter595
Back then, he was too concerned about her to really take in her surroundings.
The room smelled lightly of her fragrance.
His eyes swiftly passed over her desk, cluttered with design tools, and finally rested on the wall.
A few photos adorned the smooth surface; one in particular caught his attention.
He recognized the sunset image from Stella’s office, but this was a frontal view.
In the photo, Stella, Oliver, and Clint were hugging, their smiles genuine and tender.
Matthew felt a twinge of sorrow and regret.
Had he not misjudged the situation back then, he might not have missed the perfect opportunity to be with Stella.
As he was about to step closer for a better look at the photo, he heard a sharp noise from downstairs.
Matthew hurriedly went out.
Rushing down, he found Stella in the kitchen, cleaning up shattered pieces from the floor.
Approaching her, he took her hand, his voice firm.
“Step aside.
I’1L take care of that.
”
Stella was startled to see Matthew.
Regaining her composure, she shook off his hand.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I can handle it myself.
”
She continued to pick up the pieces.
Matthew looked displeased.
Seizing Stella’s wrist, he led her to the Living room.
Stella resisted, but Matthew’s grip was unyielding, leaving her with no choice but to follow him reluctantly.
“Stay here.
You can return after I’ve cleaned up,” Matthew commanded.
Before she could protest, he headed back to the kitchen.
Gazing at his back, Stella began to feel a twinge of annoyance.
This was her home, and Stella couldn’t fathom how Matthew could order her in such a tone.
Stella stood up and followed him.
###chapter596
Annoyed, she took heavy steps.
Hearing her footsteps, Matthew’s frown deepened as he abruptly turned.
Stella collided with him, her momentum causing her to stumble backward.
Suddenly, she lost her balance and began to lean backward.
Instinctively, she reached out to Matthew.
Seeing Stella teetering, he also reached for her arm.
Then, Stella fell back onto the sofa.
In that moment, a tall figure loomed over her, enveloping her in a cool scent.
Matthew’s lips fell on Stella’s.
Their eyes locked, and Stella’s widened in astonishment.
Stella’s cheeks flushed, and her heart felt like it was about to leap out of her chest.
She clutched Matthew’s arm tightly, feeling bewildered.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew gazed at the woman below him, her lips’ softness making his heart race.
His gaze deepened.
After a while, the two of them came to their senses.
Matthew rose to his feet.
He turned away, clearing his throat with forced casualness.
Stella also straightened her posture, a mix of shyness and panic coloring her features.
She fastened her collar and shifted to the other end of the sofa.
The living room was so silent, Stella thought she could hear her own heartbeat.
The atmosphere grew tense, and for a few moments, nobody spoke.
Stella glanced at Matthew discreetly.
He stood tall and dignified, emanating innate grace and elegance.
Stella then looked down at herself.
###chapter597
Being an orphan, she realized that without Clint, she wouldn’t even have a surname or a family to call her own.
The difference in their social standing was evident.
And Matthew was already married.
Given his social stature, his wife would undoubtedly come from a well -matched family background.
How could she entertain such fanciful thoughts about Matthew?
Even if he did harbor feelings for her, their life circumstances were too disparate for a lasting relationship.
What she yearned for was a stable and contented marriage, a thoughtful partner.
And Matthew could not provide her with these things.
They were never destined to be together.
Matthew suddenly coughed, breaking into Stella’s introspection.
He pivoted to face her and as he opened his mouth to speak, but Stella interjected.
“Mr.
Clark, it’s getting late.
You should go.
” She cast her eyes downward, rushing through her words.
Fearful that the situation could take an unexpected turn, she wanted him gone.
Sensing her apprehension, Matthew understood.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He knew that their recent interaction must have unsettled her significantly.
Speaking now would Likely make things worse.
So, without another word, he turned and walked into the kitchen to clean up the scattered shards before coming back into the Living room.
With her back turned to him, Matthew couldn’t discern Stella’s expression.
After a while, he said, “I should go.
Rest well.
”
There was no reply.
Not wanting to make things uncomfortable, Matthew left.
As the door closed behind him, Stella felt her tension dissipate.
She curled up on the sofa, tears streaming down her face.
After a moment of reflection, she dried her tears and headed back to the kitchen.
Another half hour of cooking later, she went upstairs with the freshly-made soup.
###chapter598
“Miley, wake up.
Your soup’s ready.
Gently nudging Miley awake, Stella handed her the bowl.
Miley sipped the soup and set it aside.
She took the bowl from Stella’s hand and drank up the soup.
“Would you like more?” Stella asked, pity filling her eyes.
Miley shook her head, pulling back the quilt to pat the spot beside her.
“Sit with me a bit.
”
Once Stella had settled next to her, Miley wrapped her arms around her waist, snuggling close.
Miley sighed.
“I’m so grateful to have someone who can make soup for me in the dead of night.
”
Petting Miley’s hair, Stella spoke.
“I’ll be here for you, Miley, but…
After a pause, she continued, “Can we not ask Matthew for help?”
Hearing this, Miley raised her head.
Miley looked up, sensing the tension in Stella’s words.
Considering Stella’s earlier reluctance concerning Matthew, she decided not to probe.
In any case, Stella held a far more significant place in her heart than anything else.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley nodded.
“Alright.
”
“Thank you, Miley,” Stella said, feeling both moved and somber.
She wanted nothing more to do with Matthew and didn’t want to be further indebted to him.
After a brief pause, Stella continued, “Also, Miley, I’m considering moving out.
”
Seeing Matthew was unavoidable in Prosper Bay.
If she wanted to sever their ties, a decisive action was necessary.
Miley was somewhat taken aback.
She couldn’t quite fathom why Stella suddenly wanted to move out.
Miley looked puzzled but responded, “If that’s what you decide, I‘UL stand by you.
”
###chapter599
After that, Miley embraced Stella and fell back to sleep.
But Stella remained wide awake, her thoughts crystal clear.
She decided it was time to finalize her separation from Maverick.
The following day, Charlene and Jeremy were contacted by the butler of the Clark family, who requested their immediate return.
Anticipating that Waldo might have had a change of heart, they hastily drove back to the place.
Upon getting out of the car, Charlene and Jeremy entered the Living room, arms laden with gifts.
The living room was empty, but the sounds of chatter between Lucia and the servants emanated from the kitchen, perfuming the air with the aroma of scrumptious dishes.
Charlene grew increasingly certain that Waldo was not upset.
Charlene whispered to Jeremy joyfully, “Set down the gifts and go find your grandfather upstairs.
Make sure to behave.
”
Jeremy nodded, placed the gifts on the floor, and ascended the staircase.
Charlene quickly made her way to the kitchen.
Lucia was engrossed in her cooking.
Charlene approached her, offering a warm greeting.
“Mom.
”
Without lifting her head, Lucia responded curtly and continued to season the beef.
Unperturbed, Charlene’s smile remained radiant.
She offered enthusiastically, “Mom, would you like some help?”
“No, thank you,” Lucia declined coldly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Maintaining her composure, Charlene inquired cautiously, “Mom, what’s the occasion for hosting a family dinner tonight? Is there something special happening?”
“No.
” Lucia removed her disposable gloves.
“It’s just a regular family meal.
”
She handed the seasoned beef to a nearby servant, avoiding eye contact with Charlene.
Hearing this, Charlene sighed in relief.
Noticing Lucia open the refrigerator, Charlene leaned in and asked, “Need anything else? Let me help you.
”
“Wie have servants for that,” Lucia retorted indifferently.
“You’ve been pampered since birth.
Go relax in the living room.
”
###chapter600
Taking the hint, Charlene left the kitchen reluctantly, afraid of further irking Lucia.
She noticed a maid arranging the tableware and began to help attentively.
Just then, a noise came from the front door.
Hearing the butler’s voice, Charlene paused and turned to see Matthew entering, moving in her direction.
Sporting a subtle grin, Matthew arched an eyebrow and commented, “Aunt, you seem in high spirits.
Even helping with chores, I see.
”
Charlene’s expression hardened.
Eyeing Matthew cautiously, she asked, “What brings you here?”
‘s BunnyBookery
“What do you mean?” Matthew spoke evenly.
“It’s a family dinner, and as a Clark family member, it’s only right that I attend.
”
Charlene’s visage darkened, but she remained silent.
At that moment, footsteps descended from upstairs.
Waldo and Jeremy appeared one after the other.
Charlene studied Waldo’s face but couldn’t discern his mood.
Feeling anxious, she shot Jeremy a covert glance, receiving no reaction.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Pressing her Lips into a smile, she inquired, “Dad, how have you been? Jeremy and I thought we’d come see you today.
Waldo looked at her but said nothing.
His gaze then shifted to Matthew, and he smiled.
“Matthew, you seem to have lost weight.
Busy with work?”
“Not particularly, “ Matthew replied, holding Waldo and helping him walk.
“And how is your wife?” Waldo continued, engaging Matthew in conversation.
The two made their way to the living room, utterly disregarding Charlene and Jeremy.
Staring at their retreating figures, Charlene whispered to Jeremy, “What did you discuss upstairs?”
“We played chess.
He said nothing else,” Jeremy said, appearing stern.
Hearing this, Charlene grew increasingly uneasy.
Half an hour later, dinner commenced.
###chapter601
Waldo occupied the seat of honor, flanked by Lucia and Charlene on one side and Matthew and Jeremy on the other.
An ominous silence hung over the table.
Charlene and Jeremy exchanged occasional glances, sensing an impending tempest beneath the apparent tranquility.
The dining table was elegantly set, and as the main course concluded, a succession of delectable dishes continued to grace the table.
Matthew signaled for a bottle of top-grade red wine to be brought forth, casting an air of anticipation over the gathering.
Despite the satisfying meal, an unsettling silence hung in the air, shrouding the room in an atmosphere of tension.
Just as Jeremy and Charlene believed they were in for a peaceful dinner, Matthew abruptly rose from his seat.
The unexpected movement sent a tremor through Charlene, causing her fork to clatter onto her plate with an audible jolt.
The crisp sound immediately attracted everyone’s attention.
She chuckled nervously as she retrieved the fallen fork.
“Apologies.
”
Matthew glanced at her and said indifferently, “Are you all full? I have something to say.
”
Jeremy, his senses dulled by alcohol, responded with casual openness, “If you’ve got something to say, just spill it.
We’re all here to help in any way we can.
”
Charlene discreetly nudged Jeremy in an attempt to hush him, but he remained oblivious to her signals.
“What’s on your mind, Matthew?” Lucia inquired, concern etching her features.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew fixed his gaze on Jeremy and Charlene before delivering his revelation with unwavering determination.
“On my birthday, I narrowly escaped a potentially fatal accident.
It was you who orchestrated the car crash.
”
“Matthew! Don’t utter such baseless accusations!” Charlene slammed her palm on the table, rising to her feet.
“Jeremy has only recently returned, working diligently to grasp the company’s operations.
We’re your family, after all.
How could you tarnish our reputation with such slanderous claims Matthew sneered at her, unyielding.
“You deny it?”
“We’re innocent! Why should we confess to a crime we didn’t commit?”
Charlene maintained her defiant stance.
Matthew nodded, a sardonic smile tugging at his lips.
“I’ve apprehended the two drivers responsible for the hit, and they were staunchly Loyal to both of you.
Extracting their confessions was no easy feat.
”
###chapter602
Charlene’s complexion darkened at his words.
Matthew then produced his phone.
“I have a recording right here.
I imagine you and Jeremy are more familiar with their voices than I am.
”
With that, he tapped the recording on his phone.
“Jeremy instructed us to get near the hotel.
When Matthew shows up, we crash into him.
We will get one million for hitting one person and five million for two.
We just need to cripple them.
If we manage to kill them, all the better.
”
The chilling voices on the recording sent a shiver down their spines, and Matthew promptly stopped the playback.
Charlene slumped back into her chair, her face drained of color.
Though Lucia had anticipated something untoward, her expression darkened considerably when she heard the damning evidence.
“You…” Her voice quivered with anger as she struggled to compose herself.
“How could you stoop so low?”
“Mom, we didn’t “Charlene attempted to defend herself.
“Jeremy, say something.
”
Jeremy became sober from drunkenness.
He quickly denied, “Grandma, I swear, I have never done such a thing.
The record must be fake.
Those people are talking nonsense and trying to frame me.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With a cold face, Matthew continued, “What did you do on the day of the clothing press conference of Prosperity Group?”
“I did nothing!” Jeremy vehemently denied any involvement.
He pointed an accusing finger at Matthew.
“What’s your game, Matthew? I’m no longer at the headquarters, and I pose no threat to you.
Why would you frame me like this?”
“Frame you?” Matthew repeated, his demeanor unwavering.
A mocking grin crossed his face.
“On the day of Prosperity Group’s clothing press conference, you locked Stella inside a freezer in an attempt to sabotage the event.
If I hadn’t arrived in time, Stella would have frozen to death!”
Lucia gasped, her anger boiling over as her face grew darker.
She was so angry that her lips trembled.
“You hurt Stella…”
###chapter603
Waldo’s face darkened and he couldn’t sit still anymore.
“I’ve chastised you in the past, urging you to make amends for your mistakes.
I never imagined you’d sink even lower and resort to trying to kill Stella.
”
His brow furrowed, his tone growing colder.
“Do you have any idea that Stella…”
Waldo’s words hung in the air, but Lucia intervened with a gentle touch on his hand, urging him to halt.
He snorted and looked away.
Jeremy questioned, “And what of Stella? She’s merely an employee of Matthew’s!”
Without waiting for an answer, he pressed on and yelled, “Grandpa, I’m your flesh and blood! Why are you so concerned about an outsider?”
Charlene quickly joined the conversation, chiming in, “Matthew already has a wife.
We were just worried that Stella might deceive him, so we hired someone to teach her a lesson.
”
“Enough!” Waldo’s patience reached its limit, and he slammed the table in anger.
“You two have no remorse.
There are no more heartless individuals in the Clark family than you!”
“Dad.
Charlene looked at him incredulously, but Waldo turned away, refusing to meet her gaze.
Charlene’s face blanched, and she stared at Matthew with a burning intensity, her wish to retribution palpable.
‘s BunnyBookery
Observing her rage and determination, she managed to keep a shred of sanity intact.
“Matthew, we’re your family, after all.
Is it necessary to go to such lengths? Must you tarnish our name for an outsider?”
Matthew raised an eyebrow, a cold smile playing on his lips as he produced irrefutable evidence.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I personally went to Southeast Asia and obtained proof that Jeremy hired people to commit murder.
I’ve had them incarcerated.
Do you need to meet them in person before you acknowledge your guilt?”
Charlene’s face darkened further, and she bit her lip fiercely in anger.
Waldo no longer wished to hear any more.
In a stern voice, he declared, “Starting today, both of you will transfer 5% of your shares to Matthew, and the remaining shares will be temporarily managed by the foundation of Prosperity Group.
”
This verdict effectively expelled Jeremy and Charlene from the Clark family.
Jeremy’s and Charlene’s faces paled.
This was a turn of events they had never anticipated.
Charlene stumbled towards Waldo and pleaded tearfully, “Dad, please grant us another chance.
Our actions were motivated by the well-being of the Clark family and to heighten Matthew’s vigilance.
You can’t do this to us…”
Waldo coldly shrugged off her grasp, causing Charlene to fall awkwardly to the floor.
###chapter604
She trembled uncontrollably, the taste of her own blood seeping into her mouth, but she remained oblivious.
Matthew cast an unfeeling glance in her direction, delivering a stern warning.
“Leave immediately.
If you utter another word, I’ll call the police.
I possess ample evidence to have you arrested.
”
Charlene locked eyes with Matthew, her mind reeling.
She had operated so discreetly.
When had Matthew uncovered the evidence?
At her age, she never expected to be outsmarted by someone much younger than herself Matthew’s sophistication had caught her off guard.
“You should be grateful that your actions weren’t irrevocable.
This time, I’ll heed Grandpa’s wishes and let you go.
I’m only expelling you from the Clark family,” Matthew declared with a cold demeanor.
“I’ll assign someone to monitor your departure from Seamarsh.
Do not harass us again.
”
Charlene clenched her fists, accepting the inevitable.
She let out a bitter laugh and directed her grievances towards Waldo.
“This is all your fault.
If you hadn’t favored Matthew and had only given me a branch manager position, none of this would have happened.
”
Even now, she refused to shoulder the blame.
Waldo furrowed his brow, realizing that reasoning with Charlene would be futile.
Taking a deep breath, Charlene clenched her fists tightly, unwilling to leave without one last plea.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Jeremy only helped me out of concern.
Can’t you spare him?”
Jeremy helped Charlene to her feet and spoke coldly.
“Mom, there’s no use pleading with them.
I accept my fate.
”
With that, he turned his gaze to Matthew, a vindictive smile forming on his lips.
“I’m the loser here.
I have no further arguments to present.
”
Matthew sneered but remained silent.
At that moment, several well-dressed bodyguards entered the room.
“Mr.
Clark.
” They greeted Matthew respectfully before receiving his orders.
Approaching Charlene and Jeremy, they delivered a final command.
“Please leave.
”
Charlene refused to leave, clinging tightly to Waldo’s hand as she pleaded desperately, “Dad, I’m your daughter.
How can you just cast me aside?”
###chapter605
aldo tried to free his hand, but Charlene’s grip was surprisingly strong, making it impossible to shake her off.
Her voice quivered as she implored, “Dad, please give me one more chance.
I promise I won’t repeat my mistakes.
”
Waldo lowered his head, his eyes meeting her determined gaze.
A hint of helplessness flashed across his face.
He sighed, his tone tinged with resignation.
“It’s futile to linger now.
I’ve already given you an opportunity.
If you hadn’t harbored ill intentions from the beginning and had worked diligently, we could have remained a family.
”
His words were calm, concealing any trace of anger.
“Given the current circumstances, it’s best if you leave before Matthew changes his mind.
”
Charlene’s expression changed, her shoulders slumping in defeat.
Jeremy pulled her away with a frustrated expression, stating, “Mom, let’s go.
Since we’re no longer welcome here, there’s no point in staying.
We’ll have an opportunity to bounce back.
”
He cast a vindictive glance at Matthew, his eyes brimming with resentment.
Matthew had anticipated Jeremy’s reaction.
He had no desire to engage with Jeremy any further.
Instead, he signaled the bodyguards with a subtle nod.
The bodyguards approached Jeremy and Charlene once more, urging, “Please follow us.
”
Jeremy, with Charlene sobbing in his arms, snorted in response.
Without a backward glance, he walked away under the watchful eyes of the bodyguards.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As their figures receded, Lucia finally allowed her tears to flow freely.
She wiped them away and murmured, “How did they become like this?”
Concerned for Lucia’s well-being, Matthew sat beside her, offering comfort.
“It’s over now.
”
Matthew couldn’t help but feel a sense of dread when he considered how Stella had been endangered because of him.
He regretted not putting an end to this sooner, allowing these events to unfold.
Waldo heaved a deep sigh, gazing at Matthew with a serious expression.
“How is Stella?”
“She’s safe,” Matthew replied, his demeanor still somber.
###chapter606
Waldo pressed the matter.
“You owe her an explanation.
”
Lucia, having ceased her tears, looked at Matthew with a hopeful expression.
“Now that this is behind us, Charlene no longer dares to act recklessly.
” After saying that, Matthew told them what he was thinking.
“I want to confess my true identity to Stella.
”
Lucia’s eyes sparkled with anticipation, eager to meet Stella.
She smiled warmly, patting Matthew’s hand.
“Today finally brings some good news.
”
Waldo’s tense features softened, a faint smile gracing his lips.
He nodded approvingly.
“That’s a wise decision.
You’ve been married for a year.
It’s time to introduce her to us.
”
Lucia chimed in with a suggestion.
“Why don’t you call Stella now and invite her out?”
Matthew’s heart raced inexplicably.
Noticing his hesitation, Lucia comforted him.
“It’s okay.
Your grandfather and I will help you.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He hesitated, but when he noticed Lucia’s expectant gaze, he finally relented.
However, as he reached for his phone, a message notification caught his eye.
It was sent by Stella just ten minutes ago.
He furrowed his brow, clicking on the message.
It contained only a brief sentence.
“Maverick, let’s divorce.
”
Matthew’s heart skipped a beat as he read Stella’s message.
He hadn’t anticipated that she would suddenly request a divorce.
###chapter607
Noticing his distress, Lucia inquired, “What’s wrong? Is something amiss?”
Seeing that Matthew remained silent, she moved closer and glanced at his phone.
Shock washed over her.
“What happened? You mentioned that you’ve been working on mending things with Stella lately.
Why would she ask for a divorce?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew’s brows furrowed as he shook his head, his voice filled with uncertainty.
“I don’t know.
We’ve been getting along well recently, and I haven’t done anything to upset her.
”
“Stella isn’t the type to act without reason.
You must have made a mistake,” Lucia accused him, her concern evident.
As Matthew pondered Stella’s message, his mind drifted back to the unexpected ki*s from the previous night.
At that time, Stella seemed upset.
He couldn’t understand why she had taken such a drastic step.
Lucia grew increasingly worried as Matthew remained silent.
She consoled him and said, “Maybe it’s because you two haven’t seen each other in
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
a while, and Stella’s feeling disappointed.
You should ask her for the reason first.
Don’t lose hope.
”
Her words brought Matthew back to the present.
He collected himself and decided to message Stella to inquire about the reason behind her request.
Stella’s reply was swift, stating, “Let’s discuss it face to face.
”
Matthew was taken aback by her response.
He hesitated, uncertain about how to proceed.
He didn’t want to meet Stella in person right now, fearing that it would reveal the truth about his identity as Matthew.
If Stella misunderstood that he was hiding it from her on purpose, the consequence might be bad.
He didn’t dare to take the risk.
Matthew racked his brains to come up with a way to refuse Stella’s request.
But before he could think of an idea, he received another message from Stella again.
“I hope we can meet as soon as possible.
”
Matthew was stunned.
###chapter608
“What’s the matter? What did Stella say?” Lucia, noticing Matthew’s internal struggle, prodded.
Matthew finally revealed the conversation to Lucia, who read it with growing concern.
“What will you do now? Meet Stella?” she asked.
Matthew contemplated the situation and decided to ask for Lucia’s help.
He couldn’t bring himself to meet Stella face to face at this moment.
“Grandma, can you do me a favor?”
“Just tell me what you need.
” Lucia readily agreed.
Stella sighed with relief after sending her message.
The weight that had been bearing down on her for so long was finally being addressed.
She had expected the divorce to be a challenging and arduous process, but speaking the words aloud provided her with a sense of Liberation.
Perhaps this marriage was never meant to succeed.
While she acknowledged that Maverick had changed significantly, their relationship remained confined to their mobile phones.
Matthew was the one to stand by her side in times of trouble, and his constant presence was more comforting than his occasional coldness.
Stella closed her eyes and rubbed her temples.
She had initiated the divorce not because she wanted to be with Matthew but to avoid being labeled a cheater.
With no genuine affection between her and Maverick, it was better to put an end to it now.
Delaying the inevitable would only lead to more pain and complications for both families.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella glanced at her phone, expecting a reply from Maverick.
However, his response never came.
Stella wondered if her message had been too direct, causing Maverick to misunderstand her intentions.
But they had no emotional attachment to each other, and divorce should have been a relief for both parties.
Despite pondering the matter for hours, Stella couldn’t fathom Maverick’s thoughts.
As she prepared to drift off to sleep that night, she still hadn’t received a reply.
Instead, her phone rang, displaying Lucia’s name on the screen.
Stella hesitated momentarily, thinking that Lucia was ready to persuade her for Maverick.
However, she couldn’t bear the thought of causing an elderly woman like Lucia undue worry.
###chapter609
She took a deep breath and answered the call.
“Hello?”
“Stella.
” Lucia’s voice was as warm as ever.
“I hope I’m not disturbing your sleep.
”
“No.
” Stella remembered their last phone call and decided to ask about it.
“Mrs.
Clark, why have you called at this hour? Did you want to tell me what happened to Maverick last time?”
Lucia got straight to the point.
“Stella, can we meet in person to talk? When are you available?”
Upon hearing Lucia’s request to meet, Stella instinctively wanted to refuse.
She should be meeting Maverick to talk about their divorce, rather than involving Lucia in the conversation.
Stella didn’t respond, so Lucia guessed what she was worried about.
Lucia spoke in a soft tone.
“Stella, I’ve missed you so much.
When would it be convenient for you to meet me?”
Unwilling to refuse outright, Stella finally replied, “Tomorrow.
”
“Great.
” Lucia promptly agreed and decided on a location.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Let’s meet at Dince Restaurant.
I’ll send you the room number tomorrow.
”
The two hung up the phone after scheduling a meeting time.
The next day, Stella arrived at the appointed time with some nourishing food for Lucia.
In comparison to what Maverick had done for Clint, she felt that she hadn’t done much for Maverick’s family.
Their families had never met formally, and ending this unusual marriage seemed like the best course of action.
It would provide relief to both sides and the elderly.
Summoning her courage, Stella pushed open the door and entered.
Lucia was already waiting inside, her eyes lighting up with happiness when she saw Stella.
“Stella, it’s been so long.
I’ve missed you terribly.
” Lucia took Stella’s hand.
“After our brief meeting at the hospital last time, I wanted to have a proper conversation with you.
”
###chapter610
Stella smiled.
“I’m sorry.
I’ve been busy with work recently, and I didn’t even pick you up from the hospital.
Are you feeling better now? I brought you some nourishing food.
”
“It’s not a big deal.
Seeing you again has already improved my condition.
” Lucia led Stella to her seat.
The more Lucia observed Stella, the more she Liked her.
But knowing that Stella was planning to divorce Matthew, Lucia couldn’t help but feel concerned.
As Stella put away the nourishing food, she noticed the worry on Lucia’s face.
After a brief silence, she asked, “Mrs.
Clark, is there something you’d like to discuss with me today?”
After hesitating for a moment, Lucia decided to be straightforward.
“Stella, I heard that you’re planning to divorce Maverick.
Can you tell me why? Did he do something wrong? If he did, I can help teach him a lesson.
”
It was indeed about the divorce, and Stella had expected this question.
She replied honestly, “Mrs.
Clark, it’s not Maverick’s fault.
You know that we’ve been married for a year, but we haven’t lived together or spent much time as a couple.
Continuing like this wouldn’t be beneficial to either of us.
”
She lowered her gaze and continued, “When I visited you at the hospital, I was already contemplating a divorce.
However, I didn’t want to burden you with this matter during your recovery, so I chose to keep it to myself.
”
“If it’s because you haven’t lived together, Maverick-” Lucia began, wanting to reassure her that they would soon live together, but Stella cut her off.
“Sorry, I’ve already decided on a divorce,” Stella asserted.
“I’ve realized that I have feelings for someone else, and I don’t want to complicate matters for Maverick or myself.
”
“What?” Lucia exclaimed in surprise.
Realizing she had overreacted, she composed herself and asked cautiously, “Stella, can you tell me who you’ve fallen in love with?
Is it someone you work with?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella hesitated for a moment and then confessed, “I’m sorry.
I know I haven’t divorced Maverick yet, so I shouldn’t have developed feelings for someone else.
But I can’t control my heart.
”
She clasped her hands tightly and continued, “Please don’t ask me any more about this.
I’ll apologize to Maverick personally for this situation.
I’m willing to relinquish all my assets to expedite our divorce.
”
“Stella…” Lucia had guessed the reason for their divorce, but she didn’t expect it to be this.
Stella’s revelation left Lucia speechless.
Stella raised her head and smiled at Lucia.
“Mrs.
Clark, don’t worry.
Even if I divorce Maverick, I will still treat you as an elder.
You can come to me if you need anything.
”
After a moment, Lucia finally spoke.
###chapter611
“Stella, if this is your decision, then go ahead with the divorce.
”
Stella breathed a sigh of relief and asked, “Could you please persuade Maverick to meet me as soon as possible?”
Lucia nodded and said helplessly, “Okay.
”
Her expression grew more serious.
She couldn’t help but wonder what Matthew’s reaction would be if he knew the reason for the divorce.
How had things come to this point?
Stella and Lucia shared a meal, but Lucia appeared preoccupied throughout.
Once they had parted ways at the restaurant’s entrance, Lucia got into the car with Matthew.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew knew that Lucia had met with Stella and had taken the day off to drive her to the meeting.
He had been waiting for her.
After Lucia settled into the car, she glanced at Matthew and sighed.
She hesitated for a moment, her expression turning serious.
“She’s fallen in love with someone else and wants a divorce.
”
Matthew was stunned, his gaze fixed on Stella as she walked away.
At this moment, he could have rushed out of the car and embraced her, but the revelation that she had fallen in love with someone else weighed heavily on him.
What right did he have to hold her close when she had already moved on?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He couldn’t deny the fact that she had someone else in her heart.
Matthew pursed his Lips tightly, feeling unwilling but helpless.
Matthew sat behind the wheel, staring at the spot where Stella had vanished.
He felt utterly powerless, his trembling hands unable to grip the steering wheel firmly.
His heart was heavy with uncertainty and anxiety.
Lucia could see his desolation and tried to offer some solace.
She gently patted his shoulder and spoke in a reassuring tone.
“Stella has expressed her intention to divorce, but you haven’t had a chance to speak to her face-to-face yet.
Don’t lose hope.
”
But Matthew remained silent, lost in the depths of his thoughts.
Stella had fallen in love with someone else.
Did he still have a chance?
“Who is the one she’s fallen for?” Matthew asked, unwilling to give up.
###chapter612
Lucia let out another sigh.
“She didn’t disclose that information to me.
”
Matthew felt a wave of despair wash over him.
Not knowing who his competition was only added to his frustration.
He couldn’t deny that this was one of the most challenging moments in his nearly thirty years of life.
In stark contrast to Matthew’s turmoil, Stella felt a profound sense of relief after sharing her decision with Lucia.
Now all she had to do was wait to meet Maverick and initiate the divorce proceedings.
She hailed a taxi to return home, where Miley had already prepared everything for their business meeting.
Stella had promised to help Miley find potential business opportunities to revitalize her company.
Upon her arrival, Stella found Flossie waiting as well.
After signing with Prosperity Group, Flossie had more connections and might be able to assist them, or at the very least, offer support.
This was Miley’s idea.
Upon hearing their situation, Flossie agreed to help readily.
She assured Miley, “If you ever need to attend any business events, I’ll do my best to get you an invitation.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Thank you so much.
” Miley expressed her gratitude, holding Stella’s hand with one hand and Flossie’s with the other.
“Without you, I don’t know what I would have done.
”
Stella smiled warmly and affectionately patted Miley’s head.
“Friends should always be there for each other.
But let’s not get sidetracked.
We need to focus on finding a reliable sponsor and securing some quality advertisements for your models.
Once the company stabilizes, we can consider our next steps.
”
Miley nodded in agreement.
The trio divided the tasks among themselves and started searching for potential opportunities on the computer.
Stella quickly stumbled upon news of an upcoming commercial banquet in Seamarsh.
This event was considered highly prestigious, with invitations extended to prominent business figures in the city.
The guest list was publicized, featuring the names and photos of attendees.
Excitedly, Stella called out to Miley, “Come take a look at this.
”
###chapter613
Miley approached the computer.
Stella pointed at the screen.
“This banquet is a golden opportunity.
Imagine the possibilities if you could attend.
Let’s have Flossie help you secure a ticket.
”
Miley, her eyes locked on the screen, began perusing the details of the banquet and its attendees.
Suddenly, a familiar face captured her attention, causing her eyes to widen in disbelief.
Stella noticed Miley’s astonishment and inquired, “What’s wrong? Did you recognize someone?”
Miley stared at the screen, her voice trembling with excitement.
“Stella, isn’t this Maverick?”
“Maverick?” Stella gasped in surprise.
She had just been scanning the list of attendees, and Maverick’s name was nowhere to be found.
She leaned in closer to examine the photo, recognizing the man as Neville.
Quickly, she turned to Miley and corrected her.
“This isn’t Maverick.
”
With a dismissive sweep of the mouse, Stella closed the photo page and pointed at the character introduction below, saying, “See? His name is Neville, not Maverick.
”
Miley still couldn’t shake her confusion.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She scrutinized the photo once more, her brow furrowing.
“But it doesn’t seem right.
”
“What’s not right?” Perplexed, Stella couldn’t help but chuckle at her friend’s bewilderment.
Miley looked at Stella earnestly, her doubts deepening.
“The last time I went with Oliver to see Maverick, he looked just like this man.
”
“Are you sure?” Stella raised an incredulous eyebrow.
Miley’s conviction was unwavering.
“I’m positive.
And he admitted that he was Maverick himself.
If you don’t believe me, you can call Oliver and verify it.
”
Stella cast a thoughtful glance at Neville’s photo.
###chapter614
She hadn’t interacted much with him and only knew that he had a close relationship with Matthew.
Could Neville be using another name?
Her mind raced, recalling various instances of her dealings with Maverick.
Something didn’t add up.
From the beginning, she was the one eager to meet Maverick, yet he always found excuses to postpone it.
Even during their solitary encounter, he had concealed his face with a mask.
Was he afraid she would recognize him?
Besides, Maverick had never been curious about her appearance.
After her relationship with Maverick had eased, he had acted as if he knew everything about her.
Initially, she had dismissed these thoughts as paranoia.
Now, however, she couldn’t help but wonder if Maverick was closer to her than she realized.
Stella gazed at Neville’s photo, her expression conflicted.
Could Neville be Maverick?
Seeing her uncertain expression, Miley prodded, “Stella, what are you thinking? Does it make sense to you? Is this man truly Maverick?”
Stella shook her head, attempting to clear her thoughts.
“I need some time to sort this out.
”
The next morning, Stella arrived at the company early.
As Matthew’s former personal PR officer, she knew that Fernando often arrived ahead of time, stopping by a nearby cafe for breakfast before delivering a cup of coffee to Matthew.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Unable to approach Matthew directly with her questions, Stella reasoned that Fernando, as Matthew’s special assistant, would have valuable insights into the people around him.
She needed answers.
Spotting Fernando, she called out, “Fernando, what a pleasant surprise! Just getting to the office?”
“Yes,” Fernando replied.
Stella invited him.
“If you are not in a hurry, let’s have breakfast together.
”
Fernando didn’t hesitate to join her.
The two purchased their breakfast and found a quiet spot to sit, as the workday had yet to commence.
###chapter615
Taking a sip of her coffee and organizing her thoughts, Stella inquired, “Do you know Neville Pierce?”
Fernando furrowed his brow, puzzled by the sudden question, but answered honestly, “He is a close friend of Mr.
Clark.
They’ve known each other for a long time, so naturally, I know of him.
”
Stella got straight to the point.
“Do you happen to know if he is married? What are his interests?”
Fernando’s confusion deepened, and he eyed Stella skeptically.
He pursed his lips before responding, “I don’t believe he’s married.
That’s his personal life, and I’m not privy to it.
However, he’s often surrounded by women, so marriage doesn’t seem to be a concern for him.
”
Pausing, Fernando added, “As for his interests, I’m not well-informed.
Why are you suddenly interested in him?”
Stella flashed an awkward smile and brushed off the inquiry.
“Oh, it’s nothing.
Just a bit of curiosity.
”
After saying that, she picked up the coffee and raised her hand to look at her watch.
“It’s late.
We better hurry up and finish our breakfast.
”
She raised her coffee cup to her lips, using it to shield her eyes.
Her thoughts were consumed by her suspicions.
This alone wasn’t enough to confirm Neville’s identity as Maverick.
She needed more evidence, and she was determined to uncover the truth.
Following their breakfast, Fernando thoughtfully fetched a cup of coffee for Matthew.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After he and Stella entered the company, they separated.
He intended to start the day by organizing Matthew’s schedule before his arrival.
Upon entering Matthew’s office, Fernando was taken aback to find him already seated at his desk, dressed in the same blue and black suit from the previous day.
Matthew appeared weary, his eyes sporting prominent dark circles.
Fernando couldn’t help but wonder if Matthew had spent the entire night at the office, even though there were no pressing matters to attend to.
He called out softly, “Mr.
Clark?”
###chapter616
Startled awake, Matthew slowly opened his eyes.
He noticed Fernando’s presence and shifted his gaze away.
Placing the coffee cup on the desk, Fernando inquired with concern, “Did you stay at the office last night? Is there an urgent matter that requires your attention?”
“No, there’s nothing,” Matthew replied in a hoarse voice.
Taking a sip of coffee to regain his composure, Matthew rubbed his temples and asked, “What’s on my schedule for today?”
“You look exhausted.
Have you considered going home to get some rest?”
Fernando expressed his concern as he noted Matthew’s fatigued appearance.
Matthew shook his head, stating, “No need.
”
Respecting his decision, Fernando proceeded to report the day’s agenda.
“There is an international meeting at ten o’clock…” He also handed Matthew an album and an invitation to an auction hosted by Redman later in the evening.
“Tonight, Redman will hold an auction.
He has sent the auction album and the invitation.
He hopes you can participate in it.
”
Matthew declined promptly, stating, “I’m not interested.
”
He was not in the mood at all.
Fernando hadn’t anticipated such a swift refusal.
After a moment’s pause, he reminded Matthew, “This auction boasts an impressive collection of jewelry, and your grandmother’s birthday is fast approaching.
In previous years, you attended auctions abroad to select jewelry for her.
This year, you can achieve the same without having to travel.
”
After all, Matthew was suffering from fear of flying and couldn’t stay in a closed space for a long time.
It was the best choice not to go abroad.
Initially dismissive, Matthew decided to peruse the album.
The auction featured a remarkable array of valuable jewelry, some of which was crafted by renowned artisans.
He looked carefully and wanted to see if there was any jewelry suitable for Lucia.
As he examined the items, a thought took root.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Perhaps this auction could provide the perfect opportunity to invite Stella to accompany him.
Since their unexpected ki*s, Stella had been keeping her distance, only engaging in discussions about work before swiftly departing.
Furthermore, Matthew needed a pretext to broach the subject of divorce with Stella.
He remained unconvinced that she had genuinely fallen in love with someone else.
With newfound resolve, Matthew closed the album and turned his attention to Fernando.
“I will attend the auction tonight.
Please inform Stella that she will be accompanying me.
”
###chapter617
Fernando stood still, taken aback by the unexpected request.
He opened his mouth but didn’t know what to say.
Unable to get any response from Fernando, Matthew looked at him in confusion.
Sensing Fernando’s unease, Matthew furrowed his brow and encouraged, “Go ahead, speak your mind.
”
After some internal deliberation, Fernando revealed, “I encountered Stella this morning.
She… She was inquiring about Neville Pierce.
”
Matthew’s expression darkened.
“What exactly did she ask?”
Fernando, who hadn’t seen Matthew display anger in quite some time, felt his heart race.
He steeled himself and confessed, “She wanted to know whether he was married and what his interests were.
”
Fernando’s voice was barely audible.
Matthew’s displeasure remained beneath the surface.
Still, Fernando sensed it, reinforcing the idea that there was indeed a unique connection between Stella and Matthew.
Fernando wisely chose to remain silent, allowing Matthew time to process the information.
He couldn’t understand why Stella suddenly cared about Neville.
Could it be that…?
Eventually, Matthew instructed Fernando to leave the office.
Once alone, he picked up the phone and dialed Neville’s number.
Neville didn’t pick up the phone.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew wasted no time and drove to Neville’s home.
Upon seeing Matthew arrive, the butler promptly went upstairs to notify Neville.
Shortly thereafter, Matthew heard footsteps from above.
With a slender woman in his arms, Neville descended the stairs leisurely.
His bathrobe was casually knotted, exposing a broad swath of his chest.
His eyes were drowsy and half-shut.
The woman wisely planted a ki*s on his cheek and left with a smile.
Neville then made his way to the living room and took a seat next to Matthew.
Yawning, he asked, “Aren’t you supposed to be at work? Why are you here so early?”
###chapter618
Matthew studied him intently before speaking in an emotionless tone.
“When will you end this hedonistic lifestyle? It’s unsustainable, you know.
”
Visibly displeased, Matthew frowned at Neville’s apathetic face.
Neville shrugged off the concern.
He took a sip of coffee that the butler had served.
‘s BunnyBookery
“I’ve always been like this, haven’t I? It’s not the first day you’ve met me.
”
He put his coffee cup down and reassured Matthew, “Don’t worry.
When I find someone I truly love, I’ll settle down.
”
Having said that, he scratched his ear playfully.
“I’m still young.
”
Don’t lecture me like my family does.
I’ll commit when I’m in love.
”
Matthew replied solemnly, “You’d better keep that promise.
”
Neville squinted at Matthew.
“You came all this way just for this.
”
Matthew just looked at him, his expression unreadable.
Puzzled, Neville asked, “Is something wrong? Is there something on my face?”
“When did you last speak to Stella?” Matthew asked bluntly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What?” Neville’s face was a mask of confusion.
“I last saw Stella… um…”
He paused, struggling to remember.
“I’ve forgotten.
”
Matthew’s expression grew stern.
“Today, Stella specifically inquired about you from Fernando.
Your marriage status, your interests…”
Neville looked genuinely alarmed.
“I swear I haven’t done anything.
###chapter619
I know Stella’s your wife; I would never pursue her.
”
Matthew observed his reaction carefully, confirming that Neville wasn’t the type to betray him.
So what was going on?
Neville was equally puzzled but assured Matthew, “I’ll look into it for you.
I want to know who’s trying to come between us.
”
Matthew stayed silent.
Neville sensed there was more to the issue between Matthew and Stella.
After a pause, he queried, “Anything else on your mind?”
Matthew tried to keep cool.
Considering that Neville had extensive experience with women and might comprehend Stella’s thoughts, he decided not to conceal anything and confessed, “Stella unexpectedly brought up the idea of divorce, even though I feel our relationship has improved lately.
I don’t quite understand why.
”
With an expression of concern, Matthew continued, “I intended to reveal my true identity to her, but now I’m having second thoughts.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Neville shook his head incredulously.
“You’re hopeless at relationships.
How can your wife want to leave you if things are better? Your emotional intelligence must be in the negative.
”
Matthew looked at him coldly.
“I didn’t come here for your snide comments.
”
Neville shrugged.
“Fine, then spend more time alone with Stella.
Be decisive.
That’s the key.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew looked away, lost in thought.
This was the only option he had left.
In the afternoon, Stella received a phone call from Miley during work hours.
“Stella, did you find out anything? Is that guy Maverick?”
Stella shook her head, then realized Miley couldn’t see her.
“Fernando didn’t know much.
I’ll find another way.
”
Miley paused for a moment.
“Either way, he’ll be at the banquet.
###chapter620
I’ll confront him there for you.
That’ll be more reliable.
”
“Thank you.
” Stella sighed.
Just as she finished speaking, a message from Matthew appeared on her screen.
“Come to my office.
”
Stella was surprised upon reading the message.
Ever since their accidental ki*s, she had avoided being alone with Matthew.
All updates on design projects were relayed via a workplace software.
Matthew had seemingly been in the same quandary, not summoning her to his office.
She had assumed they could finally maintain a professional working relationship.
But now…
Stella wasn’t sure how to face Matthew.
What troubled her more was the fear that he would discover her hidden feelings for him.
She had no desire to be a home-wrecker.
Stella snapped out of her daze only when Miley’s persistent calls on the other end finally broke through.
“Miley, something urgent has come up.
I have to go,” she said hastily before hanging up.
After a moment of hesitation, she sent an “okay” in reply and shut down her computer.
She glanced at her desk, pondering briefly, then picked up the draft design for Mrs.
Burke’s dress and proceeded to Matthew’s office.
She knocked and entered, locking eyes with Matthew who sat behind his desk.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Mr.
Clark, how may I assist you?”
Matthew looked up and responded, “Be prepared.
You’re accompanying me to Redman’s auction.
”
Stella retorted instinctively, “Is that part of my responsibilities?”
Without uttering another word, Matthew handed her a brochure.
Confused but compliant, Stella took it.
Matthew continued, “There’s a variety of jewelry at this auction.
As head of design, I’d like your input.
I intend to gift Mrs.
Burke a jewelry set on behalf of Prosperity Group after her commission is complete.
”
Stella found no reason to decline.
“When is the auction?” she asked softly.
###chapter621
“Tonight.
”
“Tonight?” Stella echoed, surprised at the suddenness.
She hadn’t anticipated that time would be so Limited.
Matthew usually informed her in advance about such events, unless it was a Last-minute arrangement.
“Do you have other plans?” Matthew asked, his voice tinged with caution.
Stella shook her head.
“No.
”
Matthew’s expression softened.
“Then prepare yourself.
”
“Alright,” Stella concurred, then handed Matthew the design draft for Mrs.
Burke’s dress.
“This is the sketch.
Please review it, and I‘UL make any necessary adjustments.
”
Matthew studied the sketch briefly before taking a pencil from his drawer.
With focused attention, he amended the design.
Captivated, Stella observed him.
She only snapped back to reality when Matthew returned the edited draft to her.
The waistline had been subtly but effectively altered, enhancing the entire design.
While it might seem like a minor detail, it added depth to the overall design, showcasing the need for specific design skills.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella was taken aback, and just as she was about to inquire further, Matthew said, “I don’t have any more questions.
You can proceed with applying the color and assess the outcome.
”
Matthew reminded her in a businesslike tone, “Be ready by six o’clock.
You’re coming with me.
”
With that, he returned to his paperwork.
Everything was normal as it should be.
Relieved, Stella nodded and left.
At six o’clock sharp, Matthew and Stella went to the auction.
Matthew’s appearance created a stir, as expected.
###chapter622
The Clark family was well-known in Seamarsh, drawing significant attention, particularly at high-profile events like this one.
Flashes from numerous cameras captured Matthew as he walked into the hotel.
Stella walked beside him.
Each time she attended an event with him, the disparity between their social statuses became more evident.
Matthew was a prominent figure.
She was merely an employee of Prosperity Group, a designer who had recently distinguished herself.
Moreover, he was married to a woman of matching status.
For all these reasons, Stella knew she should suppress her emotions and keep her distance.
She followed him into the hall, lost in thought.
Redman had been eagerly awaiting Matthew.
Upon seeing him, he approached with enthusiasm.
He greeted Matthew in German, and Matthew responded with fluent German as well.
Stella, unfamiliar with the language, listened to the rich timbre of Matthew’s voice.
She kept a polite smile on her face as she stood to the side.
After the pleasantries, Redman suddenly shifted his attention to Stella.
Raising an eyebrow, he looked at Matthew and asked, “Is this your wife?”
Stella caught Redman’s eyes and responded with a smile, even though she had no idea what he had just said.
Matthew looked at her, wearing a self-satisfied grin.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He nodded.
“Yes, that’s my wife.
”
“She’s stunning!” Redman was about to greet Stella.
However, Matthew stopped him, saying, “But let’s keep that a secret, shall we?”
Redman seemed to misunderstand Matthew’s intention.
Glancing around, he thought Matthew didn’t want others to know, so he nodded in compliance.
Yet he complimented sincerely, “You two make a perfect pair.
She’ll be moved to know how much you cherish her.
###chapter623
Matthew gazed at Stella, speaking in a rich and refined tone.
“Indeed, I love my wife very much.
”
Wearing a congratulatory smile, Redman said, “I hope your evening is filled with romance.
”
Just as he finished his sentence, his assistant approached him.
Redman told Matthew to enjoy the evening as he pleased, then excused himself to attend to other guests.
After Redman had left, Stella whispered to Matthew, “Mr.
Clark, what did Redman say to you?”
Recalling Redman’s words, Matthew couldn’t help but smile.
But he responded simply, “He said you’re beautiful.
”
Stella seemed slightly taken aback before a hint of bashfulness crossed her face.
She averted her gaze and ceased her inquiries.
The waiter escorted them to a private room on the second floor, adorned with elegant European-style furniture that exuded understated luxury.
As Stella settled into her seat, she felt somewhat uneasy in Matthew’s presence.
The waiter poured two glasses of water and inquired, “What would you like to drink?”
Matthew remembered how Stella had once specifically ordered milk tea at Highwyn.
Her eyes sparkled when she drank it.
He asked, “Do you serve milk tea here?”
“Milk tea?” The waiter looked a bit surprised before apologizing.
“I’m sorry, sir, we haven’t prepared milk tea.
But we can get it for you.
Would you like us to fetch some?”
The clientele here were generally affluent or influential, so the staff aimed to accommodate their wishes.
Stella waved dismissively, saying, “No need.
Just a cup of coffee for me, please.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She knew that Matthew had made the milk tea inquiry on her behalf.
The waiter glanced at Matthew for his choice.
Matthew momentarily looked unsettled but quickly regained his composure, saying, “One cup of coffee and one glass of champagne.
”
“Very well,” the waiter replied softly, left the menu and the auction paddle, and closed the door behind him.
###chapter624
The atmosphere in the room turned subtly awkward with only the two of them present.
Stella leafed through the menu to mask her nervousness and discomfort.
Matthew watched her intently, his eyes enigmatic.
After a pause, he inquired in a neutral tone, “How have your work and personal life been lately? Any issues?”
Stella answered succinctly, “No.
”
Without missing a beat, Matthew pressed, “How have you and your husband been doing recently?”
Caught off guard, Stella was puzzled by Matthew’s sudden interest in her personal life.
She set the menu aside and made an excuse.
“Mr.
Clark, that’s a private matter.
I’d rather not discuss it.
Excuse me, I need to use the restroom.
”
She then rose gracefully and exited the room.
Observing Stella’s retreating figure, Matthew realized his question had been too forward, eliciting her aversion.
A flicker of regret crossed his face.
He knew he should proceed more cautiously.
Leaving the private box, Stella quickly made her way to the ladies‘ room.
She examined her visage in the mirror, her expression revealing a blend of bewilderment and vulnerability.
Her recent exchange with Matthew rendered her emotionally constrained.
From the moment they ki*sed and she acknowledged her feelings for Matthew, Stella had struggled to keep her poise around him.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Every second alone with him became increasingly unbearable.
Each word and action of his forced her to analyze them minutely, as though seeking some concealed intent.
Stella clenched her teeth and knitted her eyebrows, perplexed by Matthew’s sudden curiosity about her relationship with Maverick.
What was his true motive?
Stella remained in the washroom until the door’s opening sound snapped her back to the present.
She rinsed her hands and mentally steeled herself.
Her job was her priority and she could leave after the auction was over.
If Matthew’s questions veered into personal territory, she was entirely justified in not answering.
###chapter625
Content, Stella toweled off her hands and left the restroom.
As she was about to climb the staircase, a man obstructed her way.
She sidestepped to the left, but he mirrored her.
She veered to the right, but he did likewise, effectively barring her path.
Annoyed, she lifted her eyes and found herself looking into a pair of impish eyes.
With a cigarette hanging from his mouth, the man raised an eyebrow and asked, “Are you alone, gorgeous? Want to be my date tonight?”
Stella’s expression was blank.
The man standing before her was Greg Holland, the son of Ezekiel.
Holland, a prominent jewelry businessman in Seamarsh.
Known for being a womanizer, Greg was notorious for his inebriated escapades and the ensuing publicity.
Reluctant to engage, Stella answered coldly, “I’m already with someone.
Please move aside.
”
Yet Greg wasn’t one to easily relent.
He had been forced to attend the banquet today, and it wasn’t often that he encountered such a beautiful woman.
How could he pass up the opportunity?
In Seamarsh, there wasn’t a woman he couldn’t win over.
Discarding his cigarette and crushing it beneath his foot, he smirked, “Do you know who I am? My dad is Ezekiel Holland, a celebrated jeweler in Seamarsh.
Become my date tonight, and any jewelry at this auction could be yours.
Sounds tempting, doesn’t it?”
Stella found herself speechless.
Avoiding Greg would prove challenging.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
But she was at the event on behalf of Prosperity Group.
A public scandal could harm the company.
After a brief contemplation, Stella proposed, “It’s a bit crowded here.
Would you like to step outside for a conversation?”
Sensing an opening, Greg accepted eagerly.
“How could I say no to a stunning woman like you? Lead on.
”
They relocated to a more private corridor.
Once there, Stella kept a safe distance and inquired, “Am I permitted to ask for anything?”
“Of course.
” Greg’s eyebrows lifted, his purpose obvious.
###chapter626
Maintaining her poise, Stella stated, “The final lot in tonight’s auction is a work of art.
Secure it for me, and I’ll be your date for the evening.
”
Greg squinted at Stella.
He had planned to win her over, but she was asking for a steep exchange.
If it were some ordinary jewelry, he would agree.
The last item was a high-profile piece and would certainly command a hefty price.
Though he might be a womanizer, he was no fool.
Irritated, Greg scoffed, “Let’s find out if you’re really worth that much.
”
As he spoke, he advanced and pulled Stella closer to his side, firmly gripping her wrist.
Closing the distance, he grabbed Stella’s wrist and leaned in, saying, “You’re certainly beautiful, but if you expect me to splurge on you, there should be some kind of quid pro quo, shouldn’t there?”
His eyes focused intently on her lips, making his intentions patently obvious.
Unperturbed, Stella cautioned, “This is a Redman event.
A scandal involving you harassing women wouldn’t fare well for you in Seamarsh, would it?”
“Is that a threat?” Greg’s voice had a threatening edge, but his eyes revealed a trace of regret.
After all, his recent bad press had already drawn his father’s ire.
Primarily, he was at the event to repair his damaged reputation.
Another scandal was the last thing he needed.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Just as Greg prepared to release her, a stern male voice echoed from behind them.
“Let go of her.
”
Greg spun around, his face creased with a frown upon seeing the man.
Dressed in a tailored three-piece suit and adorned with elegant silver cufflinks, Matthew exuded an air of grace and distinction.
“Leave.
” His voice, low yet authoritative, brimmed with displeasure.
Greg was about to release Stella’s wrist but now tightened his grip upon hearing that.
“What’s your relation to her? On what authority can you tell me to leave?”
Matthew’s gaze was icy and stern.
“Perhaps you should ask Ezekiel if he’s willing to jeopardize a twenty-million-dollar deal.
”
His words dripped with cold indifference, his tone utterly emotionless.
###chapter627
Realizing that his father was indeed in the midst of negotiating a significant deal worth twenty million dollars, Greg became apprehensive.
He hastily let go of Stella’s wrist and walked off.
Stella sighed in relief and flexed her wrist.
As she was about to thank Matthew, his voice, deep and filled with questioning, interrupted her.
“Do you not realize what kind of man Greg is? Why didn’t you avoid him?”
Matthew’s voice escalated slightly, tinged with irritation.
“You’re a married woman.
”
He had waited for Stella in their private box for quite some time.
Concerned for her, he had sought her out, only to find Greg uncomfortably close to her.
The moment he finished speaking, Matthew felt a pang of regret.
He had intended to keep other men at a distance from Stella.
But somehow, words came out more accusatory than he had meant.
Stella, feeling unfairly chastised, simmered with subdued anger.
Matthew remarked as if she had deliberately provoked Greg.
Suppressing her irritation, she retorted, “Mr.
Clark, you’re overstepping your bounds.
My husband doesn’t meddle in my business, so why should you?”
“I…” Matthew caught himself just as he was about to say, “I am your husband.
”
He hesitated, then asked, “Do you comprehend the gravity of this situation? What would you have done if I hadn’t shown up? Could you have handled Greg yourself?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella was dumbfounded, never expecting Matthew to question her this way.
She stared at him, her eyes filled with mixed emotions, but soon her expression turned to one of relief.
In a tone that was neither deferential nor aggressive, she answered, “My influence may be limited, but I have my own methods of dealing with harassers.
”
She folded her arms and looked at him dispassionately.
Matthew calmed down and knew that such a quarrel was meaningless and would even affect the relationship between them.
He observed Stella’s furious expression and felt remorseful for his earlier anger.
Softening his voice, he reassured her, “You’re now an employee of Prosperity Group, and we take care of our own.
”
Stella’s face remained impassive, her tone steady.
“I’m aware.
But having experience in public relations, I can manage this minor issue myself without tarnishing the reputation of Prosperity Group.
###chapter628
Matthew wanted to clarify his intent, but just then, the host’s voice signaled the start of the auction.
Stella glanced at him, reminding, “Mr.
Clark, the auction is starting.
We should go in.
”
Matthew bit his lip and remained silent.
They returned to their private box, the atmosphere even more tensed than before.
Few words were exchanged, save for intermittent comments about the auction items.
Each seemed engrossed in the event, yet their minds were clearly elsewhere.
Matthew had not anticipated the evening unfolding into such chaos.
He had wanted to use this opportunity to discuss matters with Stella, but it ended up like this.
He had always prided himself on his composure.
However, when confronted with Stella, he found himself losing control of his emotions repeatedly.
Matthew clenched his fists, his expression grim.
Stella pondered their earlier dispute.
She recognized her own emotional volatility when faced with Matthew.
This wasn’t how an employee should feel about their employer.
She should depart promptly while she still had the capacity to restrain her emotions.
After the auction, Stella made a firm decision.
After completing her work for Mrs.
Burke, she intended to resign from Prosperity Group.
The further away she was from Matthew, the better.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As Stella stepped into the house, she was greeted by Miley, who was elegantly dressed.
Stella’s eyes widened briefly in surprise.
“You’re all dressed up.
Where are you headed?”
Miley’s eyes twinkled.
She held up a gold-embossed invitation.
“Flossie managed to snag me an invite.
I’m off to a banquet.
You’re back just in time.
Why don’t you join me?”
###chapter629
Tiredly, Stella shook her head.
“You go ahead.
I’ve got work to attend to.
”
Turning, she began to move to the living room.
Sensing that Stella was off-kilter, Miley questioned, “Is something bothering you? Are you worn out from work? Or is something else the matter?”
Her tone was tinged with concern and anxiety.
“It’s nothing,” Stella replied, mustering a forced smile.
“You better head off to the banquet.
Don’t be late.
”
Grasping Stella’s hand, Miley frowned.
“I can’t just leave you here feeling like this.
If you don’t tell me what’s going on, I won’t go at all.
”
Miley was resolute.
Stella was aware that Miley was a woman who always kept her promises.
Stella hesitated for a few moments before confessing, “I’m considering resigning.
”
This took Miley aback.
Recalling Stella’s recent talk about moving out, Miley sensed something was amiss.
“Did something happen at work? Is your boss giving you trouble?”
Miley asked in a serious tone.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella looked as if she wanted to say something but held back.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In the past, Miley had teased her about getting together with Matthew, an idea Stella had always vehemently dismissed.
But things had changed.
And now Stella was at a loss how to tell Miley that she had fallen for Matthew.
Finally, she offered a vague explanation.
“Working at a large corporation is just draining.
There are some issues in your company, and I thought I’d resign and help you out.
”
Her voice lacked conviction.
Always one to take things at face value, Miley bought the explanation.
She was so moved that she hugged Stella.
###chapter630
“I’m so fortunate to have you as a friend.
Your help will get my company back on track soon.
”
“Yes,” Stella replied, gently pushing Miley away.
“It’s getting late.
You should head to the banquet.
We can talk more when you return.
”
She was growing increasingly anxious about keeping her secret.
With a smile, Miley released Stella’s hand.
“Don’t worry.
I’ll find us a suitable investor.
And I’ll do my best to dig up some information on Maverick for you.
”
Stella responded with an indifferent, “Alright.
”
Miley and Flossie arrived at the venue of the business banquet.
It was bustling with guests, all engrossed in conversation.
As agreed, they began seeking out potential investors separately.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley’s gaze soon settled on a man seated alone at a nearby table.
His name was Darryl Payne, a man in his early forties who had successfully built a cosmetics company.
His company soared with a market value nearing a billion within a year.
Picking up a glass of wine from a passing waiter, Miley approached with a warm smile.
“Hello, Mr.
Payne.
I’m Miley Cullen from Miley Models Company.
Pleasure to meet you.
”
Caught off guard by the sudden introduction, Darryl hesitated briefly before smiling back.
“Miley, what a lovely name.
Please, join me.
”
Wearing a polite smile, Miley got straight to the point.
“Mr.
Payne, is your company looking to hire models for endorsements anytime soon?”
“My team handles such matters.
But if you’re interested in a collaboration, feel free to leave your contact details.
We can discuss it privately.
”
His tone slowed, and his smile became increasingly lecherous.
Miley felt a sense of revulsion.
It was clear he had no intention of doing business.
“I’ll reach out to the appropriate person at your company once I’ve prepared the necessary materials.
I’ll leave you be for now,” Miley politely stated, standing up to leave.
But Darryl wasn’t letting her go that easily.
Blocking her path, he insisted, “You can leave your number, and I can set up a meeting when you visit my company.
”
###chapter631
“I appreciate the offer, but I’ll pass,” Miley responded.
But Darryl kept harassing her.
Just then, a teasing male voice broke into their awkward standoff.
“Mr.
Payne, that’s not how you woo a lady.
You’ll scare her off.
”
Darryl pivoted and noticed Neville, promptly ceasing his troublesome behavior.
He approached Neville, greeting him with an ingratiating smile.
“Good evening, Mr.
Pierce.
”
Neville looked on impassively, offering no reply.
Darryl’s demeanor shifted to a more obsequious tone, contrasting his earlier abrasive attitude.
“About the project we discussed last time…”
Neville caught his drift.
His smile faded a bit.
Swirling his glass of red wine, he said, “If you leave now, I’ll consider it.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Grasping the implication, Darryl grinned and retreated hastily.
Now, only Neville and Miley remained near the table.
Miley squinted, eyeing Neville cautiously.
Neville scoffed, “I just assisted you, and yet you haven’t thanked me.
Is such a look really necessary?”
Miley had no patience for banter.
She inquired bluntly, “Who exactly are you?”
Neville grinned.
“Considering I just helped you, couldn’t you be a bit more polite?”
Unfazed, Miley posed her question more directly.
“Are you Maverick or not?”
“No,” Neville responded candidly.
Even though Miley anticipated this reply, hearing it firsthand still stunned her.
###chapter632
Regaining her composure, she pressed on, “Then who are you?”
“I’m Neville Pierce.
Pleasure to meet you.
” The smile on Neville’s face widened.
On the other hand, Miley scowled.
“So, you posed as Maverick to meet me before?” she questioned, displeased.
Neville smirked, arching an eyebrow.
“You did the same, didn’t you?
Pretended to be Stella to meet me.
”
“You…” Miley’s eyes flashed with indignation.
Neville cut her off, still smiling.
“I’m merely stating facts.
Haven’t forgotten how you drenched my outfit.
”
He seethed with anger as he recalled the chaos he had been dragged into on that particular day because of this woman.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley felt slightly embarrassed.
She retorted, “That was because you were so infuriating.
I was just angry.
”
As Neville prepared to counter, Miley went on, “So, what’s your connection with Maverick?”
Maintaining his composure, Neville stated, “Maverick and I are close friends.
He was occupied in another city last time and couldn’t make it, so he requested that I stand in for him.
”
Miley furrowed her brows, deep in thought.
Having cleared up the misunderstanding and learning that it had been Neville impersonating Maverick, she lost interest in speaking further with him, As Miley prepared to depart, Neville halted her.
“After I answered your queries, shouldn’t you address mine?”
Miley frowned.
“Do you have any more questions?”
Gazing intently at her, Neville queried, “Are you aware that Stella is planning to divorce Maverick soon?”
Miley’s eyes narrowed and she shook her head.
“I had no idea.
”
Neville frowned and fixed his eyes on Miley’s face.
###chapter633
He made certain she wasn’t feigning surprise.
“Could you inquire why Stella wants to divorce?”
Miley declined flatly.
“That’s Stella’s private matter.
Whatever choice she makes, she has my support.
”
Neville appeared taken aback, not anticipating her resolute stance.
After pondering a moment, he continued, “Maverick values this marriage and wants to salvage it.
Both you and I want our friends to be happy.
Should you reconsider, reach out to me.
”
As he spoke, Neville handed Miley his business card.
“Here’s how you can reach me.
Call anytime.
”
Miley glanced at the card, intrigued to find Neville was an entertainment company president.
Collaborating with his firm could resolve her company’s urgent issue.
However, as soon as the thought crossed her mind, she dismissed it.
She couldn’t betray Stella’s trust for such a reason.
She’d need to gauge Stella’s sentiments before deciding.
Taking the business card, Miley responded nonchalantly, “I’ll take some time to think it over.
”
“That’s fine.
” Neville, sensing her potential agreement, felt relieved.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“But do hurry.
”
As soon as Miley got back home, she headed straight for Stella’s room, eager to share the events of her evening.
Yet, when she opened the door, Stella was nowhere to be found.
Just as she was about to call out for Stella, she noticed a dim light emanating from the study.
Setting her phone aside, she moved to the study and began to say, “Stella…”
Before she could complete her sentence, she saw Stella asleep at her desk, a pen still clutched in her hand.
Tip-toeing to Stella’s side, Miley felt a pang of guilt.
So consumed by her company’s ongoing issues, she hadn’t notice Stella’s emotional state.
She had been unaware of Stella’s pending divorce from Maverick until someone else had filled her in.
###chapter634
Reflecting on Stella’s recent odd behavior, Miley wondered what else Stella had kept from her.
Gently removing the pen from Stella’s grasp, she dr@ped a blanket over her, switched off the light, and closed the door quietly.
Standing alone in the hallway, she furrowed her brows in thought.
Stella’s desires to relocate, resign, and divorce couldn’t be baseless.
Contemplating Stella’s multitude of concerns, along with her own reliance on Stella for managing the company, Miley felt like she had failed as a friend.
She sighed heavily.
Over the years, she had lived in Seamarsh, relying on Stella’s support.
However, this time, she didn’t want to add to Stella’s burdens.
If the company did hit rock bottom, she could always seek financial help from her parents overseas.
This way, at least, Stella would have one less thing to worry about.
Late into the night, at a bar, the atmosphere was dimly Lit and loud music blared as the dance floor buzzed alive.
Matthew, dressed in a suit, sat in a secluded booth, his solitude in stark cont
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
rast to the revelers on the dance floor.
Even with the information he’d received from Neville, the mystery surrounding the divorce continued to weigh on him.
He picked up a whisky bottle and poured himself another drink.
Suddenly, a glass landed on the table in front of him, followed by a tall figure taking a seat across the booth.
Slater grinned.
“Mr.
Clark, drowning your sorrows alone?”
Lifting his gaze, Matthew responded flatly, “What are you doing here?”
“I heard Prosperity Group will also design a dress for Mrs.
Burke.
And my competitor is none other than Stella,” Slater said.
Setting his glass down, Matthew shifted in his seat, his face expressionless.
“And your point is?”
Slater’s smile broadened.
“My sample is ready.
I’ve taken Mrs.
Burke’s background and taste into account.
I’m confident I’ll win.
”
###chapter635
Matthew shot him a look, replying nonchalantly, “You’re quite bold, revealing it to me so readily.
Seems like you’re underestimating your competitor.
Slater didn’t respond right away.
Picking up his glass, he clinked it against Matthew’s.
“No matter.
I’ll be sending my sample to Mrs.
Burke.
I can’t take my foot off the gas for Stella.
”
His smile was self-assured.
Matthew’s face darkened.
“You don’t need to do that.
She’s capable.
”
Slater chuckled.
His face was unreadable, but his voice brimmed with confidence.
“I merely wanted to remind you that there’s no flaw in my design.
If Stella loses, you’ll have to console her.
”
Matthew frowned.
Irritated and eager to end the conversation, he retorted, “I’m not concerned about Stella losing.
I just hope you don’t suffer too embarrassing a defeat.
”
Slater grinned once more and lifted his glass to Matthew.
“We shall see.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew fixed him with a penetrating stare.
Abruptly setting down his glass, he articulated each word with gravity.
“How about we place a bet.
”
After two days, the dresses designed by Stella and Slater were sent to Mrs.
Burke’s mansion.
The clothes were packaged finely.
The maid handed them over to Mrs.
Burke carefully.
Mrs.
Burke was to decide which dress to choose.
Naturally, her curiosity about the acclaimed designer Slater couldn’t be ignored, and she was eager to see how this renowned talent had interpreted her dress.
She opened the first box, revealing Slater’s dress.
A beautiful purple gown laid before her.
The color was one of her favorites.
It held a special place in her heart.
Mrs.
Burke beamed in excitement.
She hurriedly asked the maid to help her with the dress.
###chapter636
The folds of the gown hid her baby bump perfectly.
Everything about the dress was perfect.
From the color, to the design.
Everything.
Purple was a muted color, and the dress was elegant and dignified, which complemented her noble temperament.
She stated at her reflection in the mirror and rubbed her bump in satisfaction.
Mahlon, one of the maids, walked up to her, holding her gaze in the mirror.
“This gown is tailored perfectly for you, Mrs.
Burke.
It’s absolutely perfect and stunning.
”
Mrs.
Burke smiled, content.
‘Slater really is something.
His skills never cease to surprise me.
”
The door suddenly opened, revealing Shiloh, Mrs.
Burke’s husband.
His eyes lit up at the sight of her.
“What’re you doing here?” Mrs.
Burke asked.
“I was passing by and heard your voice, so I just had to come check in.
” He walked over to her, gently drawing closer to him by her waist.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“You look stunning, my love.
This dress is perfect.
Are you picking it? You should.
”
Mrs.
Burke chuckled lightly as she playfully pushed him off of her.
“What do you know? I could wear a trash bag, and you’d still say I look beautiful.
”
Shiloh smiled widely, letting her go back to what she was doing.
She took one last look at herself in the mirror, lost in thought.
The dress was perfect, yes.
But something felt missing.
She just couldn’t put her finger on it.
She pulled the gown off as her gaze landed on the box containing Stella’s design.
Stella’s dress lay there, waiting to be unboxed.
Mrs.
Burke opened the box, took one quick glance at it, and closed the lid.
She changed back into her normal clothes and walked out of the dressing room.
Mahlon watched her curiously.
“Ma’am, you’re not trying the other dress?”
“No.
I’ve never worn anything like it before.
I don’t think it’ll suit me.
” A tinge of disappointment laced Mrs.
Burke’s tone.
“Just choose Slater’s then,” Shiloh said.
###chapter637
“I just might…” Mrs.
Burke spoke reluctantly.
A few seconds passed and she began to rethink her decision.
“Shiloh, I think I should try it first.
I’m actually quite curious now to see what it’d look like,” she said excitedly.
Shiloh stared at her lovingly.
“You shouldn’t try it on then, my love.
”
Some days passed.
Stella and the others sat patiently to watch the live broadcast of the grand banquet.
The important guests like Mrs.
Burke and her husband were all important people from Seamarsh.
Stella stared at the screen in agitation as Mrs.
Burke showed up.
Which dress was picked?
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella’s leg bounced subconsciously as she watched in anticipation.
Several reporters gathered in excitement.
Minutes went by.
“Mr.
and Mrs.
Burke have arrived!”
All the reporters’ heads turned to the direction of the red carpet.
Shiloh got out of the car first.
It was a black Lincoln car.
Just by looking at it, one could tell how expensive it was.
All cameras were immediately pointed at him.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Mr.
Burke! We were informed that you have good news! What is it?”
Shiloh smiled brightly at the camera, which was quite unusual.
“My wife and I are expecting a baby.
We are overjoyed and hopefully everything will turn out okay.
”
The reporters all congratulated and pointed the cameras in Mrs.
Burke’s direction.
She carefully got out of the car, smiling warmly at everyone as she waved elegantly.
She walked over to Shiloh, placing her hand in his.
Everyone’s attention was focused on her dress.
For the first time, Mrs.
Burke eschewed her usual black, white, or gray attire for significant events.
Instead, she donned a _ long emerald velvet dress with sleeves crafted from light pink gauze.
Where the pink sleeves and the emerald dress met, there were elegant and smooth curves.
The juxtaposition of these two distinct colors and materials evoked the image of a pine tree blanketed in snow, bursting forth in springtime vitality.
###chapter638
The design subtly downplayed her abdomen, but it conveyed a noticeable sense of life and joy.
It seemed as though Mrs.
Burke was a vessel overflowing with vibrancy, her joy of impending motherhood evident.
Camera shutters clicked incessantly around her, quickly making Mrs.
Burke the center of attention.
On the other side of the live stream, relief washed over Stella, and a genuine smile softened her previously tense expression.
Beside her, Devyn was ecstatic.
She clutched Stella’s hand tightly, her eyes betraying a hint of envy.
“Stella, Mrs.
Burke picked your design! You’ve made it! You’re truly remarkable!”
Others joined in the chorus of praise.
“Congratulations, Stella.
Your design has captivated us all.
”
“Stella, you have a bright future ahead of you!”
Acknowledging the compliments, Stella smiled warmly, pride evident in her eyes.
Suddenly, the live stream’s reporter initiated an interview.
The room grew hushed, every gaze fixed on the screen.
“Mrs.
Burke, tonight’s gown is a delightful change from your standard style.
Might you reveal the designer behind this stunning piece?”
Arm in arm with her husband, Mrs.
Burke turned to the camera, her face lit up by a gentle smile.
“The creative genius behind this dress is none other than Stella Anderson.
”
“Stella Anderson? Is she a designer from Prosperity Group?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With a warmer smile, Mrs.
Burke confirmed with a nod.
“Could you tell us what drew you to her design?” This is quite a bold shift from your typical style.
”
Mrs.
Burke’s smile turned tender.
“As women, we often find joy in venturing into uncharted territories.
Stella’s design resonated with me, embodying the essence of embracing change and daring to be different.
Pregnancy and the anticipation of childbirth are monumental.
moments in my life.
My husband and I eagerly await the birth of our child.
”
The room erupted in applause in response to Mrs.
Burke’s heartfelt words.
It was no secret that conceiving had been a challenge for Mrs.
Burke, and the depth of her and Shiloh’s anticipation for their upcoming addition was visible to all.
Though the banquet had yet to officially commence, the news of Mrs.
Burke’s pregnancy was already the talk of the town.
Heartfelt well- wishes poured in from every corner.
And for the first time, Mrs.
Burke publicly acknowledged a designer, catapulting Stella into the limelight.
Multiple trending topics about Stella circulated online, each engendering spirited debates.
###chapter639
The most prominent headline read, “Did a rising designer outshine Slater Aston?”
Netizens, having seen Mrs.
Burke’s attire, were all praises for Stella.
Soon, Stella’s phone was inundated with calls from journalists eager to schedule an exclusive interview.
Meanwhile, Matthew keenly tracked all online news related to Stella.
Matthew’s spirits lifted upon reading the positive comments.
“Reach out to every media outlet.
Make sure Stella gets all the attention she deserves,” he told Fernando.
After ending the call, Matthew leaned back in his chair, letting his eyes shut for a moment.
He recognized the vast effort Stella had poured into her work.
Being her husband, he was resolute in ensuring that her diligence wasn’t for naught.
Reopening his eyes with a slight squint, Matthew retrieved his phone and made a call.
He picked up his phone and dialed a number.
The line connected quickly.
‘s BunnyBookery
Cutting straight to the chase, Matthew stated, “Slater, you’ve lost.
”
“You just couldn’t wait to gloat, could you?” A touch of regret was evident in Slater’s tone.
A light laugh escaped Matthew’s lips.
“And why shouldn’t I? Remember our deal.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
There was a momentary pause from Slater before he replied, a note of annoyance clear, “I remember.
A three-month stint consulting for Prosperity Group’s design department.
You have my word.
”
Pressing further, he added, “Did you set me up that evening, Matthew?”
The lack of an immediate response from Matthew only deepened Slater’s suspicions.
“You gave Stella some pointers on her designs, didn’t you?”
Slater surmised the reason for Matthew’s confidence in their wager.
Realization struck Slater that he’d been played by Matthew on the night of their bet.
“Quit guessing.
Simply accept that she was better than you this time around,” Matthew countered calmly.
“Don’t forget to report to Prosperity Group soon.
”
###chapter640
Before Slater could reply, Matthew terminated the call, silencing Slater’s exasperated and colorful responses.
Eager to celebrate with Stella, he made a beeline for the design department.
He was keen to offer his congratulations personally.
However, Stella was nowhere to be found.
Spotting Matthew, Devyn stepped forward.
“Mr.
Clark, to what do we owe this visit?”
“Where’s Stella?” Matthew asked, wearing a puzzled expression.
“She said she had an urgent matter and took some time off.
She’s already gone.
”
A coworker added, “Now that she’s a sensation and her design’s caught Mrs.
Burke’s eye, she’s probably off sharing the good news with a loved one.
”
“Absolutely, when something great happens, you want to share it with someone close to you right away.
”
As the chatter continued, a turmoil of emotions raged within Matthew.
If Stella hadn’t messaged Maverick, did that mean he was no longer the most precious to her?
Had she genuinely given her heart to another, leading her to ponder about ending their marriage?
Meanwhile, Stella waited for Miley in the underground parking of Prosperity Group.
Upon hearing that her design had been chosen by Mrs.
Burke, Miley insisted on celebrating the achievement.
Yet, Stella felt distraught.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once she wrapped up this project, she intended to hand in her resignation to Matthew.
Although her stint at Prosperity Group had been short, she’d seen immense growth in her career.
She had transitioned from a personal PR officer to a key designer.
Matthew had even entrusted her with overseeing the entire design department.
His unwavering faith in her meant the world.
But there was a snag.
She had developed feelings for Matthew.
Working at Prosperity Group, she feared that these feelings might intensify and lead to situations she couldn’t handle.
Hence, while she still held reins over her emotions, leaving seemed the wisest choice.
###chapter641
Engrossed in her reflections, Stella was jolted back to reality by a piercing voice.
“Stella!”
A young woman walked to Stella with a scowl.
“Who do you think you are, Stella?” she yelled.
Stella furrowed her brows in confusion as she tried to remember who the lady in front of her was.
“Sorry, do I know you?”
The woman was Shawna Graves, Greg’s lover.
Shawna let out a small scoff, saying sarcastically, “Of course, you wouldn’t recognize me anymore.
You’ve grown to be a person of such high profile.
”
Stella’s face darkened.
What was this woman trying to start?
Having zero intention of furthering the conversation, Stella said coldly, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.
”
Different rumors were spreading on the internet like wildfire.
‘s BunnyBookery
Knowing the situation she was in, she had to act wisely.
She needed to think carefully before acting so she wouldn’t tarnish the company’s reputation further.
She turned around to leave.
Shawna, however, grabbed Stella’s arm and continued to confront her.
“Everyone knows you’re nothing but Matthew’s mistress.
You’ll just revert to nothing once he’s tired of you.
What do you think is going to happen to you when his wife finds out, huh?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Mistress? Don’t push me.
” Stella glared at her murderously.
“Getting riled up now, huh? Don’t even try to deny it.
I saw you two at the auction with my own eyes.
I saw how he treated you.
The two of you stayed together in that private box.
”
Stella stared at her through squinted eyes.
Shawna continued, “Greg’s family lost the twenty million all because of you!”
Greg had promised Shawna that they would get engaged after everything was settled.
But everything was ruined after the auction and the order was canceled.
Shawna did her own personal investigation and found out that it was all because of Matthew.
He had done it for Stella.
She wasn’t going to let Stella get away with it.
###chapter642
Shawna sneered at Stella’s silence.
“He’s only entertaining you because you’re probably just pushing yourself on him too much.
He obviously doesn’t even care about you; you’re nothing but a game to him.
Plus, he’s married, so your little fantasy isn’t going to last long.
Give it a few weeks or months if you’re lucky, and you’ll be thrown aside Like the worthless slut you are!”
Stella couldn’t hide the fact that she was fazed by Shawna’s harsh words.
Her face turned pale as she stood in one spot without moving a muscle.
“Enough…”
Satisfied with the effect she was having on Stella, Shawna smiled sadistically.
“When I first heard about you, I thought you actually had talent to have climbed up so much in the company.
I’m quite disappointed to find out that you’ve only gotten so far because you’ve been seducing the CEO.
Aren’t you the least bit ashamed?”
She watched Stella through gleeful eyes, waiting to see her break down completely.
Unable to bear it any longer, Stella summoned all her strength and delivered a resounding slap across Shawna’s face.
The sound of the slap echoed through the entire parking lot.
Shawna’s hand flew to her face, her disbelief apparent.
“You actually dared to strike me?”
Stella drew in a deep breath and retorted firmly, “I’ll say it again.
Mr.
Clark and I have no inappropriate relationship.
If you persist, I won’t hesitate to deliver another blow.
We’re in Prosperity Group’s parking lot.
Feel free to continue your unfounded allegations.
Let’s see who will support your claims.
”
Shawna’s anger surged, her breath a fiery hiss.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She shot a malevolent glare at Stella and gestured to the surveillance cameras in the parking area.
“Security cameras are watching.
This incident of you striking me isn’t over.
I won’t let you escape.
”
Just then, Miley’s car pulled into the lot.
Spotting Stella engaged in a heated argument, she quickly parked and hurried over.
As she approached, Miley noticed Stella’s trembling form.
Infuriated, she turned to Shawna and demanded, “Who are you? What have you done to her?”
Shawna regarded Stella with a mocking smirk, emitting a few spiteful chuckles.
“Ask Stella what she did.
”
Perplexed but unwilling to engage with Shawna, Miley took hold of Stella, intending to leave.
Shawna sneered and added, “Stella, I’ll settle our score at my own pace.
And remember, put on a good show.
Let’s see your real talent.
”
###chapter643
She hinted at a threat, her raised eyebrows dripping with arrogance.
Miley sensed Stella’s tremors intensifying.
In a fit of rage, she yelled at Shawna, “If you want to create a scene, do it somewhere else! Leave Stella alone!”
Miley gripped Stella’s ice-cold hand even tighter.
“Stella, let’s go.
Pay no attention to this deranged woman.
”
With that, she forcibly led Stella away.
In the car, Stella’s silence was unsettling.
Miley cast a worried glance at her.
“What exactly happened? Who was that woman? Why did she suddenly confront you?”
Stella slowly turned her head to Miley, her lips moved, but ultimately, she said nothing at all.
Miley’s brow furrowed deeper as she probed, “Is that woman also part of Prosperity Group? Was she jealous after Mrs.
Burke chose your work?”
She made an educated guess.
Considering Stella’s recent success in the design department, gaining favor with Mrs.
Burke could naturally breed envy.
“No,” Stella softly denied, her voice tinged with weariness.
“Miley, please, let’s not discuss it further.
I don’t know how to explain.
”
Miley scrutinized Stella’s behavior and actions carefully.
However, seeing Stella’s reluctance to confide in her, she decided not to push further.
She started the car in silence.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As they left the parking lot, Stella leaned her head against the window, watching the familiar scenery pass by.
Memories of working with Matthew flooded her mind, one scene after another.
Bitterness welled up in her heart, and her eyes started glistening.
She no longer wanted to dwell on when she had fallen in love with Matthew.
Shawna’s words had been a stark warning that her path at the company, with Matthew in it, would become even more challenging.
Walls have ears.
###chapter644
And to complicate things, there was the looming question of how Matthew’s wife, who had always remained a hidden figure, would respond when she discovered Stella’s affection for him.
In such a huge company, where countless pairs of eyes observed every move, it was merely a matter of time before someone uncovered her innermost thoughts, no matter how discreet she attempted to be.
At that point, she would find it even more difficult to face Matthew.
Stella couldn’t contain her emotions, and the only solution was to distance herself from him.
She closed her eyes, suppressing her complex feelings.
After a long pause, she picked up her phone and opened a chat with Maverick.
Stella sent him several messages requesting a meeting.
Her last message was more assertive and tinged with a hint of threat.
“Maverick, if you don’t respond to my messages within two days, I’ll proceed with the filing for divorce.
”
As they reached the restaurant, Miley sensed Stella’s depressive mood and tried to lighten the atmosphere.
“Stella, I’ve had this reservation for ages, just for your celebration,” Miley bubbled with enthusiasm.
“I’ve been telling you not to worry.
If worse comes to worst, you can always rely on me.
”
Miley summoned the waiter with a grand gesture, placing an extravagant order of dishes.
Stella, witnessing this extravagance, rushed to intervene, “Don’t splurge like that.
Your company is still navigating some financial difficulties.
”
Her mood remained somber, appetite nearly nonexistent.
Finally garnering a response from Stella, Miley breathed a sigh of relief.
“I know,” she said with a smile, but still had the waiter bring the dishes.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once the waiter left, she added, “One extravagant meal won’t solve our problems or drain our bank accounts.
Today is about you, and as your best friend, I want to celebrate it.
”
Seeing Miley’s enthusiasm, Stella decided not to dampen the mood.
She lowered her gaze, and played along with Miley’s plan.
The table soon filled with an array of dishes.
Stella poked at her food, her thoughts far away.
Fiddling with her utensils, Miley suddenly remembered something.
“Did you get a hold of Maverick?”
###chapter645
Stella paused briefly, then shook her head.
“Not yet.
”
“What’s he up to? Playing a game of hide-and-seek?” Miley pondered aloud.
“If Neville hadn’t confirmed it, I’d start questioning Maverick’s very existence.
”
Mid-sentence, Miley had a bright idea and proposed, “How about I ask Neville? He seems to be close with Maverick.
”
Stella placed her knife and fork down and declined promptly, “No need, I messaged Maverick a while ago.
We’ll see if he responds.
”
Acknowledging this, Miley refrained from prying further.
“Alright, just remember you can always turn to me if you need help.
That’s what friends are for.
”
“Thank you, Miley,” Stella replied, resuming her meal, utensils in hands.
Just then, a deep male voice suddenly called out, “Stella.
”
Stella turned her head to the voice and found Slater.
She hadn’t seen him since the conclusion of the KlassicLuxe Design Competition.
That was the only time they had interacted.
Standing up, she greeted him respectfully.
“Mr.
Aston.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Although Mrs.
Burke had chosen her design as the winner, Stella never considered herself superior to Slater.
She held him in high regard.
Slater’s eyes remained composed as he stood before their table, taking a brief survey of their surroundings.
“Is this your victory celebration? Quite a feast.
”
His tone was neutral, making it hard to discern whether his comment was genuine praise or tinged with sarcasm.
A flush of embarrassment colored Stella’s cheeks.
She looked down modestly and admitted, “I was also surprised by Mrs.
Burke’s decision.
In terms of design, I’m well aware that I have much yet to learn from you.
”
Slater pursed his lips, his expression unreadable.
His gaze lingered on Stella before he said slowly, “Having such a skilled strategist guiding you, it’s no wonder I lost to you.
”
###chapter646
“Strategist?”
Slater’s cryptic words left Stella perplexed.
Unable to contain her curiosity, she inquired, “What strategist?”
Slater’s eyes twinkled, his expression more animated.
“Don’t you know who your strategist is?” he asked, trying to imply something.
Stella shook her head.
Slater chuckled lightly, a touch of irony in his tone.
Miley was growing impatient with Slater’s probing.
She interjected, “If you have something to say, get to the point.
We’re here to eat.
”
“Miley,” Stella murmured softly, a tad embarrassed by her friend’s blunt interjection.
But Miley was undeterred.
“I’m simply stating the obvious.
A mature individual should communicate candidly rather than beating around the bush.
”
Stella felt a flush of embarrassment.
“Mr.
Aston, I apologize.
”
“It’s fine.
” Slater shook his head.
He looked at Stella, his eyes veiled with a hint of darkness and then continued, “The strategist I mentioned is Matthew.
Don’t you know his true identity?”
Stella shook her head, asking, “Which identity are you talking about?”
Slater’s eyes sparkled with intrigue as he said, “Matthew is quite the enigma, isn’t he? He’s kept such a significant secret hidden all this time.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Completing his thought, he studied Stella’s perplexed face, a sardonic smile briefly gracing his lips.
“Matthew is more than just the CEO of Prosperity Group.
He’s also a distinguished designer.
I can’t imagine he didn’t have a hand in your most recent design.
”
Stella’s face went through a quick succession of emotions.
Shock, awe, and sudden comprehension.
Everything clicked into place.
This revelation clarified why, several days ago, Matthew had casually enhanced her initial drafts with a few strokes that had seemed trivial but ended up as the perfect finishing touches.
No one without formal design training could’ve done that.
Before Stella could frame her questions, Slater interjected, “Matthew is Tobin.
”
“What?” Stella exclaimed, caught off guard yet again.
###chapter647
“Matthew is Tobin? You mean Tobin, the lead designer at KlassicLuxe?” She fixed her eyes on Slater, seeking further validation.
Slater offered a faint nod.
Stella’s eyes grew wide, locking onto Slater’s visage.
She detected no trace of jest in his statement.
As she mulled over additional questions, Slater signaled an end to their conversation.
He gestured for the waiter, instructing, “Please bring these two ladies a bottle of your finest whiskey, on my account.
”
The waiter promptly went to fulfill the request.
Turning his focus back to Stella, Slater chuckled softly.
“Consider this bottle a gift, a tribute to the victor.
Hope we cross paths again.
”
As he sauntered off, a wily gleam flickered in his eyes.
Since Matthew had made a fool of him, he felt it only fair to reciprocate.
Stella observed Slater’s receding figure, taking a moment to regain her poise.
Finally sitting down, she felt as if all her energy had been sapped away.
Her thoughts resembled a knotted ball of yarn, impossible to untangle.
If Matthew was indeed Tobin, did Tobin’s design he had given her reflect his true intentions?
And regarding the KlassicLuxe Design Competition, was Matthew secretly rooting for her?
Stella was caught in an emotional tempest, baffled as to why Matthew had hidden his identity as Tobin.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The realization that her long-admired designer was none other than her boss, and a man she secretly harbored feelings for, left Stella with a sense of bitterness.
The emotional distance between her and Matthew seemed to expand with each passing second.
Miley observed the sudden change in Stella’s complexion and felt a surge of concern.
Swiftly approaching Stella, she grasped her hand, only to find it chillingly cold.
Her worry intensified.
“Stella, are you alright?”
Gathering her thoughts, Stella met Miley’s anxious look and shook her head.
###chapter648
“Miley, I need to go home.
”
In the late-night quietude, Matthew stood by the expansive floor-to— ceiling window of his study.
His phone screen displayed his chat with Stella.
These were her messages to Maverick.
She had laid down an ultimatum, to meet to discuss their looming divorce soon, or she would proceed to file the papers.
The villa resonated with a stillness, amplified by the soft Lighting illuminating the garden.
He was unsure of how to reply to Stella’s message, yet aware he couldn’t afford to delay things any further.
Matthew returned to his desk with a heavy heart.
Launching his work software, he thoughtfully drafted a message to Stella.
“Your design for Mrs.
Burke’s gown was outstanding.
The company will be rewarding you with a bonus for your exceptional contribution.
We look forward to your continued excellence.
The message seemed to hang in the digital abyss for an interminable moment, met with no immediate response.
Matthew glanced at the clock, his brow furrowing.
Had she already gone to bed?
Just as he considered shutting down the software, he noticed the message status change to “read.
”
Relief had barely time to wash over him when a new email notification broke the silence.
Stella had submitted a request for resignation.
Matthew was startled when he came across Stella’s resignation letter.
Without hesitation, he dialed her number.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella was caught off guard by Matthew’s call.
She hesitated briefly before finally answering the phone.
It was clear to her that Matthew was calling to discuss her resignation, so she skipped the formalities and waited for him to speak.
After an awkward pause, Matthew finally spoke.
“What’s prompting you to resign so abruptly?”
Having prepared herself, Stella answered with poise, “I’m looking to recalibrate my career path.
”
She had spent a contemplative afternoon steeling herself for this conversation, and now she faced Matthew’s queries with equanimity.
She was aware that Matthew was an excellent employer and that a future under his leadership would be bright.
###chapter649
However, she had no other option.
She refused to be the other woman, responsible for breaking up a marriage.
So, when forced to choose between her future and her moral code, she unflinchingly chose the latter.
As long as she maintained her distance from Matthew and avoided further encounters with him, she clung to the belief that she could retain control over this concealed and forbidden affection.
Matthew’s brow furrowed.
He knew instinctively that there was more to Stella’s resignation than met the eye.
Scarcely a single enterprise in the city could hold a candle to Prosperity Group.
Unwilling to part ways with Stella, he asked “Is it because you feel your salary is inadequate, or is it due to any discord with your peers in the design department, or maybe you’re dissatisfied with the nature of your work?”
“It’s none of those,” Stella replied, her tone resolute.
She closed her eyes momentarily to collect herself, then added, “Mr.
Clark, please don’t probe any further.
My decision is irreversible.
Mrs.
Burke’s order has been completed.
I recommend you promptly find a new head for the design department.
Rest assured, I will complete any pending tasks before my departure.
”
Her voice might have been steady, but it was imbued with an unwavering resolve.
Matthew felt the gravity of her words immediately, causing his heart to sink even further.
However, he knew better than to push her too far.
“Stella, if you’re aiming for better career growth, resigning might not be the wisest move,” he continued, his voice laced with seriousness.
Silence emanated from Stella’s end, reaffirming her commitment to leave.
Somewhat reluctantly, Matthew pressed on, “Take a three-day leave to contemplate your decision.
I expect to hear from you after that.
”
Stella offered no reply before disconnecting the call.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It was the first time she had ever hung up on him, leaving Matthew stunned.
The busy tone reverberated in his ears, robbing him of his usual poise for a significant amount of time.
From joining the Clark family to assuming leadership of Prosperity Group, he had navigated countless challenges, yet none were as perplexing as Stella’s sudden decision to resign.
Matthew’s gazed deepened, lost in contemplation.
She had insisted on a divorce and now this abrupt resignation.
Was it all for the person she had fallen for?
And who exactly was it?
That night, sleep eluded Matthew, haunted by these unanswered questions.
The next morning, he arrived at the office, his face etched with a dark expression.
After mulling things over in his office, he concluded that a face-to -face conversation with Stella was needed.
As his hand hovered over the intercom, he remembered granting her three days off.
###chapter650
Coupled with the uneasy conclusion to their last phone call, contacting her today might only solidify her desire to leave.
Matthew pressed his temples, trying to alleviate the throbbing ache.
He clasped his hands and rested his forehead upon them, deep in thought.
Suddenly, Miley came to mind.
During the last press conference, Stella had been in danger, and Miley’s overt concern hadn’t gone unnoticed.
They were clearly close and perhaps Miley could offer some clarity.
Without wasting another minute, Matthew scrolled through his contacts.
He recalled that Miley had willingly shared her number during a previous dinner.
He dialed her number without a second thought.
The call was answered swiftly, but Miley’s tone was tinged with annoyance.
“Who’s calling?”
Unfazed, Matthew replied, “This is Matthew Clark.
”
Upon recognizing the name, Miley pulled the phone away to glance at the caller ID displayed on the screen.
After a moment of hesitation, she asked, somewhat flustered, “Mr.
Clark, what can I assist you with?”
“I have an important matter to discuss.
Could we meet in person?”
Matthew asked, his voice composed.
Surveying her chaotic workspace, Miley declined.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“As you may know, my firm is swamped with urgent matters right now, and I can’t afford to step away.
Unless it’s urgent, perhaps we can address it over the phone?”
Without missing a beat, Matthew stated firmly, “I’ll come to your office.
”
This statement took Miley by surprise.
She hesitated for a moment but felt she couldn’t say no.
“Very well.
”
After hanging up, Matthew made his way to Miley’s workplace immediately.
Miley’s assistant ushered Matthew into her office.
Immersed in her financial work, she looked visibly stressed.
Upon Matthew’s entry, she promptly stood up, instructed her assistant to brew some coffee, and welcomed him.
###chapter651
“Mr.
Clark, please, let’s sit on the sofa over there and talk.
”
Casting a brief eye at her cluttered desk, Matthew inquired, “Do you need help with anything?”
Preoccupied with tidying her paperwork, Miley reassured him, “No, that’s unnecessary.
Stella always mentions how helpful you’ve been.
We don’t wish to impose any further.
”
As she looked up, she noticed Matthew’s expression had clouded.
Realizing she had said too much, Miley hastily diverted the topic.
“Mr.
Clark, what brings you here?”
Matthew’s gaze lowered as he got straight to the point.
“Are you aware that Stella wants to resign?”
“Stella’s considering leaving?” Miley was taken aback.
She had assumed Stella was merely joking.
Matthew’s brow furrowed.
“Has she revealed any reasons to you? Did she say anything at all?”
“Well… Not really.
” Miley shook her head.
She remembered Stella mentioning fatigue as a reason for resigning a few days ago, but she was reluctant to be so forthright with Matthew, who seemed keen to keep Stella onboard.
She wanted to leave some room for maneuver.
Matthew’s expression darkened further.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Would you be willing to speak with Stella? I want to uncover the real motive behind her desire to leave.
If it’s a matter of career growth, Prosperity Group has plenty to offer her.
”
“Absolutely,” Miley agreed without hesitation.
Matthew’s personal visit showed his sincerity, and she couldn’t see a reason to decline.
Moreover, Stella had been acting strange lately.
Matthew’s request served as a reminder for Miley to investigate.
Returning home, Miley was greeted by the comforting aroma of home- cooked food and a table laden with various dishes.
Surprised, she noted Stella bustling about in the kitchen.
“You’re home early today? And look at this spread! Any good news to share?”
###chapter652
“I took the day off,” Stella declared as she set down the last dish and guided Miley into the living room.
With a radiant smile, she opened a laptop in front of her.
“I found some potential projects for your company while I was home.
Take a look.
You might find something fitting.
”
Miley’s expression turned serious.
Without even glancing at the screen, she fixed her gaze on Stella.
“Why did you skip work? I sensed something was off with you since yesterday.
What’s been troubling you?”
Realizing the gravity of the situation, Stella saw no point in concealing the truth any longer.
“I’ve made up my mind to resign.
I want to help at your company instead.
With my design background and the recognition I’ve gained from Mrs.
Burke’s case, I’m confident I can be valuable.
”
Miley studied Stella’s expression carefully.
While Stella spoke with an air of nonchalance, Miley sensed some underlying complexities, especially after Matthew’s appeal earlier in the day.
It was clear that Stella was resolute in her decision to leave no matter what.
Weighing her words for a moment, Miley proposed, “How about we grab a drink after dinner?”
“Why?”
Miley made up an excuse.
“Given that you have a day off, perhaps we could find a cozy bar nearby after our meal.
It would be a chance drink and unwind.
I also want to have a heart-to-heart conversation with you.
I’ve been swamped with work recently, and we haven’t had the opportunity to spend quality time together.
”
Stella also felt that she had been too tense lately, and she agreed without reservation.
As they wrapped up dinner, Miley’s phone buzzed.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Noting Matthew’s name on the caller ID, she shot a glance at Stella, feeling guilty.
“I need to take this call.
I’ll also get changed.
Could you wait for a moment?”
Stella didn’t pay much attention and simply acknowledged her with a casual response.
Retreating to her room, Miley closed the door before picking up.
“How did your talk go? Were you able to find out anything?”
Matthew’s voice sounded anxious.
He had given Stella a mere three days to reconsider, and he was running out of time.
Keeping her voice low, Miley responded, “I haven’t yet.
But we’re going out later, and I might be able to glean some insights during our conversation.
”
###chapter653
“I have a favor to ask,” Matthew proceeded cautiously.
“Could you keep your phone line open when you two are talking, so I can listen in?”
Caught in a moral quandary, Miley hesitated.
“I just want to know the real reason Stella wants to leave her job.
I assure you it won’t put you in an awkward position.
” Matthew’s voice rang out, tinged with an unusual sincerity.
Feeling cornered, Miley finally gave in.
“I’ll call you when we arrive at the bar.
”
Matthew exhaled deeply, replying, “Thank you.
”
After disconnecting the call, Miley donned a new outfit and descended the stairs, where Stella was already waiting.
En route to the bar, Miley recounted both amusing and vexing episodes she had faced at work, seeking solace in sharing them with Stella.
Yet Stella was lethargic, offering only sporadic affirmations.
Her mind had been elsewhere all day.
Her phone was cluttered with congratulatory texts from her colleagues at Prosperity Group and questions about her unexplained absence.
She had yet to reply to any of them.
She didn’t know what to say, and more importantly, she felt uncertain about her future.
Stella sighed.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
But she reconciled that since she had the audacity to resign, she was committed to that decision.
The duo reached their destination in under thirty minutes, which was located not too far from Prosper Bay.
Miley parked and led Stella into the establishment.
Linking arms with Stella, she exclaimed, “The bartender here is top— notch in the city.
Their c@@ktails are a must-try.
”
Stella nodded.
They nestled into a secluded booth at the bar.
Eagerly, Miley said, “Let me get us special c@@ktails from the bar.
Stay put.
”
Before Stella could respond, Miley was already off her seat.
Approaching the bartender, Miley placed her order and surveyed the venue cautiously.
She then dialed Matthew.
The call was answered almost immediately, as if Matthew had been waiting for her.
###chapter654
Pausing momentarily, she lowered her voice, saying “Mr.
Clark, we’re at Heart’s Thrill Bar.
”
Matthew responded with a casual “Hmm.
”
Ensuring her phone was still connected, Miley picked up their c@@ktails and returned to the booth.
She set a glass before Stella and inconspicuously placed her phone, face down, between them.
With a self-satisfied grin, she lifted her glass to toast with Stella’s.
“Let’s not leave until we’ve both had our fill.
”
The lively ambiance left Stella with little room for introspection.
She offered a meek smile, retorting, “Two drinks won’t be enough.
”
Miley assured her, “No worries, drinks are on me tonight.
Indulge to your heart’s content.
”
While Stella wasn’t typically a drinker, the emotional toll of the past few days had her yearning for the solace found at the bottom of a glass.
She gulped down two drinks in rapid succession.
However, her eagerness backfired, causing her to choke and cough uncontrollably.
Her face flushed, and tears brimmed in her eyes.
Miley shifted to Stella’s side, patting her back lightly as she teased, “Hey, it’s not a race.
Why down it so quickly?”
Stella simply shook her head.
After regaining her composure, she wiped the tears that formed at the corners of her eyes.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Miley, what do you think of me?”
Miley, taken aback, cradled Stella’s face and examined it closely.
“Why the sudden question? Did someone say something to make you doubt yourself?”
Gently pushing Miley’s hand away, Stella took another sip from her glass.
“No.
”
Miley wrapped an arm around Stella’s shoulders.
“To me, you’re one of the most amazing people I know.
You love deeply and stand up for what’s right.
”
Stella drained her glass in one shot, tugging her lips into a wry smile.
“You’re wrong.
I’m far from being that virtuous.
”
###chapter655
Miley frowned, about to to Stella’s self-critique.
But Stella pressed on, her voice tinged with pensiveness.
“I want to leave my job, sever ties with Prosperity Group, and most of all, distance myself from Matthew as much as possible.
”
Miley’s heart skipped a beat.
Her eyes flicked involuntarily to the phone on the table.
On the other end, Matthew’s heart tightened.
He hadn’t expected that all his endeavors would only deepen her aversion to him.
Regaining her composure, Miley redirected the conversation.
“So, what’s the real reason behind your wanting to distance yourself from Prosperity Group and Matthew?”
Pouring another glass of wine, Stella’s movements seemed a little clumsy.
She took a sip and leaned into Miley’s shoulder, her voice a quivering whisper.
“It’s because I’ve made a grievous mistake.
”
Her voice faltered as tears again filled her eyes, spilling down her cheeks.
Miley felt her own heart wrench.
Wrapping her arms around Stella, she spoke softly, full of genuine concern.
“Stella, whatever it is, you can tell me.
We’ll face it together.
You don’t have to be scared.
”
Stella’s sniffles turned to sobs as she confessed, “I’ve fallen for someone I shouldn’t have.
I’ve betrayed Maverick, and I’ve betrayed my own marriage.
”
The moment Stella said that, Miley found herself rooted to the spot, utterly shocked.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Gathering herself, she pressed Stella for confirmation.
“Are you truly infatuated with someone else?”
Stella nodded, choosing to remain silent.
Miley’s eyes widened in disbelief, her voice tinged with urgency as she asked, “Who is it?”
Knowing Stella as a steadfast woman, Miley found it inconceivable that she could entertain feelings for another man while still married.
To Miley, the notion seemed utterly implausible.
“I need a drink…” Already clouded by alcohol, Stella’s judgment wavered.
###chapter656
She clumsily picked up her glass, emptying it repeatedly.
Miley, unable to endure Stella’s torment any Longer swiftly snatched the glass away.
“That’s enough.
You’re too drunk.
”
It pained her to see Stella agonize over a man.
“Give it back…” Stella frowned, visibly irritated, as she tried to reclaim her glass.
Growing stern, Miley advised, “If you can’t love him, you should give up.
There are countless wonderful men in the world.
Don’t drown your sorrows over just one.
”
She regretted initiating this drinking escapade.
She should have known better.
Ignoring Miley’s caution, Stella took her glass and sipped once more.
Finally lifting her tear-filled eyes to meet Miley’s, she uttered, “Miley, I want to give up too.
I wish I didn’t have these feelings for Matthew…”
“What? Matthew?” Miley was so stunned she could barely articulate her thoughts.
“You’re in love with Matthew?”
Confronted with Miley’s astonished gaze, the dam holding back Stella’s swirling emotions finally broke.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Struggling against the lump in her throat, she ultimately lost her battle with her feelings and broke down in tears.
“I know it’s not right.
Matthew and I each have our own families.
I can’t betray my husband, nor can I ruin Matthew’s family.
I refuse to be the other woman, a third party in another person’s marriage,”
Stella admitted, guilt consuming her.
“But I can’t help myself.
I’m falling deeper for Matthew,” she continued, her voice cracking.
“The more he supports me, the more irresistible he becomes.
That’s why I have to quit my job.
As long as I’m away from him, with time, I’ll forget my feelings for him.
”
Frozen in place, Miley struggled to process the revelation.
She had often joked about Stella’s fondness for Matthew, but she had never imagined it would manifest so candidly.
Miley found herself in a quandary, uncertain of how to navigate the situation.
However, as she observed Stella sobbing her heart out, she felt an overpowering wave of compassion.
Taking a handful of tissues, she tenderly wiped Stella’s tears away.
“You’re not in the wrong here.
If you must quit your job to find peace, then do it.
Don’t worry.
I’ve got your back.
”
Miley embraced Stella tightly, aiming to provide at least some semblance of comfort.
###chapter657
On the other end of a phone call, the tension that had clouded Matthew’s face lifted instantly at Stella’s admission.
Excitement taking over, he ended the call, grabbed his car keys, and sped off to the bar.
As he drove, Matthew’s hands trembled on the wheel, a storm of elation sweeping through him.
In that moment, all the pent-up frustration and irritation that had accumulated over the past few days seemed to dissipate from his mind.
There was only one thought remaining.
Stella had feelings for him.
There had been no betrayal.
It was only a misunderstanding.
What was normally a twenty-minute drive felt halved as he raced to reach Stella.
Upon parking, Matthew practically bolted into the bar.
His eyes immediately located Stella, who was resting her head on Miley’s shoulder.
Whether it was the alcohol or just the moment, her flushed cheeks rendered her irresistibly enchanting.
Suppressing the rapid beating of his heart, Matthew approached them.
Turning to Miley, his voice was hushed but quivering with barely contained excitement.
“May I have a moment alone with her?”
Miley’s eyes widened in astonishment as she realized the man standing before her was Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, what brings you here?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
At the sound of her voice, Stella shifted slightly but continued her slumber.
Taking note of Stella’s still-sleeping state, Matthew’s Lips tightened, and his gaze turned imploring.
Lowering his voice, he implored, “May I stay with Stella for a bit?”
“Did you catch what Stella was saying earlier?”
Matthew nodded, offering no denial.
“I did.
”
“So what’s really going on between you and Stella?” Miley pressed, her tone turning serious.
“How do you actually feel about…”
###chapter658
She wanted to ask Matthew about the real score, but she was cut off.
“I want to talk about that with Stella.
” His voice wasn’t raised, but he was determined.
Miley contemplated further questioning but ultimately relented.
If Matthew didn’t want to disclose anything, forcing him would be futile.
Though she had only interacted with him on a few occasions, she sensed that his feelings for Stella went beyond mere professional admiration.
However, she couldn’t overlook the fact that he was a married man.
After a moment’s thought, Miley finally gave in.
“Fine, sort it out with Stella.
But please, don’t hurt her.
She’s been through enough hardship as it is.
”
Her eyes met his, filled with a plea.
“I know,” Matthew assured her.
“You can head home.
I’ll ensure Stella gets back safely.
And whatever transpired tonight, I’d appreciate your discretion.
”
Gazing at the sleeping Stella, Miley hesitated momentarily before nodding her agreement.
As she made her exit, she reiterated, “Make sure Stella gets home safely, alright?”
Once Miley had departed, Matthew settled into a chair beside Stella.
The ambiance of the bar had transitioned to soothing, melodic music.
As he gazed upon the scene unfolding before him, Matthew was filled with a profound sense of warmth.
Recalling Stella’s confession of affection, he felt a surge of both relief and joy.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Now all that remained was to seize the right moment to reciprocate her feelings.
In that moment, he felt as though he could envision a bright and joyous future for the two of them.
Suddenly, Stella stirred.
She shifted her posture and turned her face to Matthew.
The following moment, Stella opened her eyes.
Her eyes and face were stained with redness from her tears.
Holding his breath, Matthew remained motionless.
Their eyes met, and for a few suspended seconds, neither spoke.
Finally gathering his composure, Matthew began, “Stella…”
###chapter659
A smile broke across Stella’s face, radiant and disarming.
Matthew felt his heart skip a beat.
The flush from the alcohol painted her face a rosy hue.
Stella appeared far more vulnerable than he had ever seen her.
Her defenses were seemingly lowered and her hair lightly framed her face in disarray.
Unable to resist the magnetic pull, Matthew tenderly reached out to tuck a stray strand of hair behind her ear.
Stella grinned innocently, her words slightly slurred.
“You… Who are you?”
Lifting herself off the table, she sat upright.
“I’m Matthew,” he softly declared.
At the sound of his name, Stella closed her eyes, resting her head on the opposite side of the chair.
Leaning in close, Matthew continued in a hushed tone, “I’m your husband.
”
Stella remained silent, her expression docile.
After lingering by her side for a moment longer, Matthew gently lifted her into his arms and left the bar.
Stella, although intoxicated, nestled quietly against his chest, her head rubbing against him as she emitted a low, contented sigh.
As he cradled her, Matthew looked down at the woman in his arms.
Her long eyelashes fluttered subtly in time with her steady breathing.
Stella was deep in slumber.
He settled her into the back seat of the car, but she kept her eyes closed.
Matthew smoothed her hair and caressed her cheek with the pad of his thumb.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella frowned.
Her eyelids quivered but remained closed, as she instinctively nuzzled her cheek into his palm.
Overwhelmed by a surge of desire, Matthew found himself alone in the car with her, enveloped in the delicate aroma of wine and her natural scent.
Slowly, he lowered his head to ki*s her.
The instant Matthew’s Lips touched Stella’s, her eyes fluttered open, meeting his gaze in a daze.
Matthew and Stella locked eyes.
Stella’s gaze was so innocent that it became unintentionally captivating.
A wave of panic washed over Matthew immediately.
###chapter660
His eyes, intense and deep, fixed on her as he held his breath without realizing it.
Although he was aware that Stella’s eyes opened of their own accord when she was inebriated, his heart still raced uncontrollably.
With the woman he loved cradled in his arms, his breathing intensified, yet he managed to keep his composure.
Though he was cognizant of the fact that Stella was his wife and had feelings for him, she remained oblivious.
He didn’t want to initiate any intimacy while she was unaware of her surroundings.
The clandestine ki*s from earlier had been satisfying enough.
Reluctantly, Matthew began to rise.
Just as he was straightening up, Stella unexpectedly threw her arms around his neck and nestled her head against him, nuzzling his neck.
Matthew was stunned.
A sensation of weakness and numbness swiftly spread throughout his entire body.
Stella’s warm breath, tinged with the scent of alcohol, brushed against his nose.
Amazement and disbelief flickered in Matthew’s normally impassive and discerning eyes.
Though he knew it was an involuntary act on Stella’s part while she was drunk, this was the first time she had ever been so forward.
His temples pulsed with prominent veins.
“Stella, you’re drunk.
I should take you home,” he said, his Adam’s apple bobbing and his voice noticeably raspy.
However, Stella was not eager to let go.
She clung to him stubbornly.
Matthew clenched his teeth and cursed in his mind.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
His emotional defenses began to crumble.
Gazing at her rosy lips, Matthew drew several deep breaths in an attempt to quell his burgeoning desire.
“It’s late,” he reminded her in a husky tone.
“Let me take you home first.
”
As he lifted his hand to gently disengage from Stella’s grasp, she tightened her hold.
Frustrated, she demanded, “Hold me… I want you to hold me.
Before Matthew could respond, he found himself being pulled back down by Stella.
His body hovered over hers, and the veins on his temples pulsed even more intensely.
###chapter661
He shut his eyes and furrowed his brow slightly.
His lips remained sealed, and his Adam’s apple bobbed up and down.
Then, Matthew ki*sed her fervently.
He couldn’t tell who was the one who took the initiative.
Stella’s hands were gently cradled by Matthew’s on either side, their fingers intertwined.
Stella quivered under the force of the ki*s, her occasional moans filling the air.
Gradually, she relaxed, parting her lips to allow his tongue to glide, tasting every crevice of her mouth-her lips, her teeth, even the curve of her tongue.
‘s BunnyBookery
Lifting her head, Stella unconsciously moaned as she sucked on his tongue.
The ki*s was nothing short of electric.
Just then, an ill-timed “buzz” broke the spell.
Matthew’s phone vibrated insistently.
Seeing Miley’s name flash across the screen, he slowly came back to his senses.
Carefully, he disengaged from Stella, cleared his throat, and answered the call.
“Mr.
Clark, when will you be bringing Stella home?” Miley’s voice was tinged with urgency.
Matthew cleared his throat.
He glanced at Stella and replied in a low and hoarse voice, “We’re on our way.
”
“It’s late.
Please make it quick,” Miley pressed before disconnecting the call.
After hanging up, Matthew adjusted Stella’s collar and gently laid a blanket over her in the back seat before resuming his place behind the wheel.
As he prepared to drive, he cast one more lingering look at Stella in the rearview mirror and allowed himself a smile.
The days ahead were many, and sooner or later, Stella would unequivocally be his.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After departing from Stella’s residence, Matthew drove to his own house.
Pulling up to the entrance of his lavish villa, he turned the car’s air conditioning on to calm his racing mind.
Sitting in the solitude of his vehicle, every time he closed his eyes, the recent events in the back seat replayed themselves.
The memory of Stella’s ki*s looped in his mind, over and over.
The entire evening felt surreal, almost dreamlike.
Taking a moment to steady his breathing, Matthew eventually got out the car and made his way inside.
Once in his room, he quelled his burgeoning desire with a cold shower.
About thirty minutes later, freshly clad in pajamas, he accessed his wine cabinet.
Selecting a fine bottle of red wine, he poured himself a glass.
###chapter662
A subtle smile graced Matthew’s lips throughout this process.
Now, reassured of Stella’s affection, he was ready to confront what lay ahead.
He intended to reveal the full truth to Stella as Maverick.
Matthew lifted the glass to his lips and emptied it in one gulp, eagerly anticipating the life that awaited him with Stella.
Meanwhile, Stella found solace in the haze of intoxication and slumbered deeply.
The anxieties that had haunted her for days seemed to finally evaporate.
When she stirred awake, it was already late into the morning.
Groaning, she experienced a piercing headache as reality settled back in.
Hunched over on the bed, she massaged her temples, straining to remember the details of the previous evening.
The only fragment she could grasp was her night out drinking with Miley.
Frowning, she touched her lips, which felt oddly sore.
It was an unfamiliar sensation, one she’d never experienced from getting drunk before.
Despite her best efforts, the events of the night remained a mystery.
Rising from the bed, Stella opened the door to find Miley standing there, hand poised as if to knock.
Retracting her hand, Miley inquired, “I was just about to check on you.
Nursing a headache, are you? I’ve made some coffee for you.
Drink it before you head downstairs.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Anxiously grappling with her memory gaps from the night before, Stella queried, “Miley, how did I make it home last night?”
Miley replied calmly, “It wasn’t easy.
You were quite inebriated.
”
As she spoke, her eyes scrutinized Stella’s face, gauging her reactions.
Sensing no suspicion, Miley exhaled a quiet sigh of relief.
It appeared that Stella had no recollection of Matthew’s appearance the previous evening.
“Did I say something while I was drunk?” Stella continued, her voice tinged with apprehension.
“Yes, you did.
” Miley stared at her.
Growing more anxious, Stella asked, “What did I say?”
“You told me you didn’t actually want to resign.
You said you wanted to stay with Prosperity Group,” Miley revealed, watching as Stella’s expression shifted abruptly.
Before Stella could inquire further, Miley added, “You also confessed that you’ve fallen in love with Matthew.
”
###chapter663
“Miley… I…
” Caught off guard, Stella floundered for words.
She wanted to explain but found herself at a loss.
The truth was, she had fallen for Matthew.
It was a fact she might have denied to anyone else, but facing Miley, she faltered.
She also knew that her behavior was shameful, but love was a force that could never be tamed.
She hesitated, then finally admitted, “Miley, I know it’s wrong to have feelings for Matthew, but I can’t help myself.
”
Her voice broke as she added, “Would you despise me for it? For falling in love with a married man, who also happens to be my boss?”
Miley reached out and clasped Stella’s hand.
“You have the right to pursue your happiness.
”
But Stella shook her head, her voice laden with regret.
“No, it’s not right.
Even if I were single, it would be wrong to fall for Matthew when he’s already married.
”
She mentally scolded herself, trying to reinforce her own boundaries.
The emotional turmoil was like a knife cutting into her, yet she found herself irresistibly drawn to him.
Just then, Miley blurted, “But yesterday, Matthew…”
Realizing her verbal misstep, Miley hastily swallowed her remaining words.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella couldn’t resist inquiring, “Is something amiss with Matthew?”
Miley cast her an awkward glance before diverting her eyes.
“Nothing severe.
Matthew’s assistant phoned me yesterday, wondering why you haven’t been at work.
”
With a furrowed brow, Stella was undoubting as she replied, “I took a few days off.
I should also use this time to consider whether I’1l resign or not.
”
Fearing further suspicion from Stella, Miley refrained from asking more.
Instead, she urged, “Go freshen up and come downstairs for breakfast.
I need to head to the office.
I won’t be joining you for the meal.
”
Stella stopped her.
###chapter664
“How’s everything at your company?”
“Quite busy,” Miley disclosed.
“We have two commercial events today that require my on-site oversight to prevent any mishaps.
”
“Hold on.
I’ll accompany you.
” Stella made the decision swiftly.
Miley declined.
“You had quite a bit to drink last night, and the events will be quite occupied.
It’s best for you to get some rest at home.
”
“I have nothing to do if I stay at home.
I might just overthink.
I think it’s best if I accompany you.
Perhaps I can offer some guidance.
”
Miley hesitated but eventually relented.
“If you insist.
But if you start feeling unwell, please head home.
”
“Okay.
”
After sprucing up and sipping some coffee, Stella accompanied Miley to the office.
As they entered, Perry approached them.
He wore a look of unease as he addressed Miley, “We’ve encountered an issue with today’s commercial events.
”
Miley’s expression chilled.
She furrowed her brows, demanding, “yihat’s the matter?”
The two events scheduled for today had been orchestrated by Neville, and they were critical for the company’s recent engagements.
Miley intended to stage a grand comeback with these two commercial performances.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
If anything went awry now, her meticulous efforts would all be for naught.
Aware of the gravity of the situation, Perry said candidly, “Two of our models have fallen ill and asked for a sick leave.
I called them just mow and they have been hospitalized.
They won’t be able to perform today.
”
Miley’s expression darkened.
“Have you checked the availability of other models?”
Perry nodded.
“I’ve reached out to several renowned models, but their schedules are already locked in.
Given that today’s event involves a major corporation, we can’t afford any slip-ups.
We’re awaiting your directive.
”
Finding no immediate solution, Miley was deep in thought.
Stella, observing the tense exchange, suggested tentatively, “What if I give it a try?”
###chapter665
Both Miley and Perry turned to Stella.
She offered a modest smile.
“I have some modeling experience.
If you think it would work, I can give it a shot.
”
Miley remembered that when she initially started her modeling agency, Stella often modeled for promotional photos to save costs.
Galvanized by the recollection, Miley made an immediate decision.
“If we can’t find suitable replacements, Stella and I will take the stage ourselves.
Let’s manage this crisis head-on.
”
Perry was relieved and exclaimed, “Excellent, I’ll arrange for your outfits and makeup right away.
”
At the scene of MK Jewelry’s performance, Stella diligently practiced her catwalk backstage, working to maintain her composure.
Miley had never participated in such high-stakes commercial events before.
There was no room for error, and it was crucial to support her company.
As the live music commenced, Stella and Miley dazzled the audience by joining the other models on the runway.
Donned in exquisite outfits and flawlessly made up, they were the cynosure of all eyes.
The crowd erupted into cheers and applause.
The performance was a success.
After the event, Stella changed out of her ensemble, stepped out of the dressing room and found a message waiting from Maverick.
“I’m available over the next few days.
Since you want to discuss divorce, let’s meet up and talk.
”
Stella read Maverick’s message and exhaled a sigh of relief.
She replied with a simple “Okay.
”
Though Maverick was a kind man, she knew deep down that they were not destined to be togeth
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
er.
Ending this bizarre marriage was the right thing to do.
After contemplating for a moment, she sent another message, “See you at Seamarsh Cafe at seven o’clock this evening.
”
With her messages sent, Stella felt a sense of relief washing over her.
Once she had resolved her marriage situation with Maverick, she would make her way to Prosperity Group and resign, sharing the entire truth with her grandfather.
Stella envisioned starting a new chapter in her life, gradually allowing the memories of Seamarsh and Matthew to fade into the past.
But as she thought of Matthew, her mood took a dip, and a wave of sadness washed over her.
She took a deep breath, coaxing herself to stay focused on the task at hand.
###chapter666
With a change of clothes, Miley emerged from her room with a smile and approached Stella.
“Stella, you did an amazing job with the performance.
Later, I’ll instruct the financial department to transfer your earnings to your account.
”
Stella pocketed her phone, shaking her head.
“No need, Miley.
”
Miley was about to insist but noticed something amiss in Stella’s expression.
Concern etched her features as she inquired, “What’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell, or did something happen?”
Stella hesitated for a moment before deciding to confide in Miley.
“Maverick just messaged me, saying he wants to discuss our divorce.
We’ve arranged to meet at a cafe tonight.
”
Miley’s worry began to ease, and she reassured Stella, “That’s a good thing.
You’ve been postponing this for far too long.
It’s for the best that you both move on.
”
Stella nodded thoughtfully, pondering the conversation she’d have with Maverick later.
Miley placed a comforting hand on Stella’s shoulder.
“Don’t overthink it; just let things unfold naturally.
Now, I’m heading to a celebration with the models.
Would you like to join us?”
Stella checked the time and saw that she had a couple of hours before the scheduled meeting.
She agreed with a nod.
“Alright.
”
Meanwhile, Jeremy and Charlene were managing a small branch company, having been ousted from the Clark family.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
While it seemed they wielded some authority, this company was a mere empty shell, unconnected to Prosperity Group.
Their prospects for a comeback appeared dismal.
Charlene’s assistant, Luis, followed her here when his survival in Seamarsh was no longer tenable.
He presented Charlene with a document, saying, “Ma’am, here is the information you requested.
”
Charlene accepted the document, perusing it with increasing consternation.
The contents grew progressively worse, and she was practically seething by the time she reached the final page.
In her anger, she flung the document onto the table, causing her coffee cup to tumble and shatter on the floor.
Startled by the noise, Jeremy approached and found Luis trembling and Charlene enraged.
He inquired, “What happened?”
Charlene, her arms crossed, responded in an irate tone, “I severely underestimated Stella.
”
###chapter667
“Stella?” Jeremy frowned.
“What did that PR officer do?”
“PR officer? What are you talking about? She’s Matthew’s legal wife Charlene said in frustration.
“What?” Jeremy was taken aback.
“I investigated Matthew’s wife, but I never found out who she was.
How could it be Stella?”
Recalling his interactions with Stella, he realized that she had never revealed her status as Matthew’s wife.
Had she concealed her identity so cleverly?
Charlene snorted.
“Waldo shielded her effectively.
I wouldn’t have discovered the truth about Stella if I hadn’t stumbled upon her marriage during my investigation.
”
Her thoughts returned to Waldo’s favor for Matthew, intensifying her irritation.
“Stella’s husband is a man named Maverick.
I wanted to investigate Maverick’s identity and inform him that Stella was having an affair with Matthew.
However, I discovered that Maverick was none other than Matthew himself.
”
Charlene’s face darkened, and Jeremy was finding it challenging to absorb the shocking revelation.
‘s BunnyBookery
However, he soon regained his composure and inquired, “What should we do next?”
Charlene remained unfazed, donning a smirk as she said, “The Clark family has wronged us.
We need to find the right moment to inform Stella about it.
”
Matthew was a whirlwind of activity after receiving Stella’s message.
He swiftly reserved the entire Seamarsh Cafe and sent people to create a dreamy atmosphere for their meeting.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After learning that Matthew was about to confess, Neville and Cordell volunteered to help him.
Time was of the essence, so Matthew wasted no time.
He scoured every flower shop in Seamarsh for blue roses.
These flowers, Clint had mentioned, were Stella’s favorites.
Alongside the blossoms, he prepared a special gift.
It was a necklace with a heart-shaped pendant adorned with a miniature brush and an angel wing, a custom creation tailored just for Stella.
It had been delivered a few days ago, waiting for the perfect moment to be presented.
Matthew carefully put the necklace in his pocket.
Once the scene was set, Neville and Cordell approached Matthew.
###chapter668
Neville’s eyes sparkled as he said, “Matthew, you’re finally going to reveal your true identity.
”
Matthew glanced at his friends but remained silent.
Cordell chimed in, “Indeed, we won’t have to keep any secrets the next time we see her.
You can speak freely without worry.
”
The teasing was all in good fun.
After all, it was the first time that they saw nervous and worried expressions on Matthew’s face.
Matthew’s usually aloof demeanor had thawed with Stella’s return, making his friends eager to witness the moment she discovered the truth.
Matthew shot them a stern look, his expression serious.
“If you’re here to help, then help.
Otherwise, clear out and don’t be a hindrance.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
With that, he turned away, engrossed in mentally rehearsing what he would say when he finally faced Stella.
Even in high-pressure international meetings, he hadn’t felt this anxious.
Matthew took a deep breath, steeling himself for the upcoming encounter.
This time, he had to explain all the misunderstandings clearly.
If Stella didn’t mind and could accept him immediately, it would be the best result.
But if she couldn’t accept him…
Matthew kept comforting himself.
He had waited for such a long time.
Even if Stella couldn’t accept him for a while, he was willing to wait patiently.
After making up his mind, Matthew felt a little relieved.
Checking the time once more, he noted there was only an hour left before their rendezvous.
Neville and Cordell, having completed their tasks, were ready to depart along with the cafe staff.
They patted Matthew on the shoulder, offering sincere well-wishes.
“We’ll be waiting for your good news.
”
As they left, the cafe became eerily quiet.
The only sound that filled the space was the echoing beat of Matthew’s own heart.
Matthew kept looking at the entrance of the cafe.
As time passed, his heart beat faster and his hands trembled.
After bidding farewell to Miley, Stella hailed a taxi bound for Seamarsh Cafe.
During the ride, she gazed out the window, watching the passing scenery while mentally rehearsing the upcoming meeting with Maverick.
Her fervent hope was that he would agree to a divorce.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In less than half an hour, the taxi pulled up to Seamarsh Cafe.
Through the car window, Stella spotted the warm glow of lights inside, with a man in a suit seated at a table, his back turned to the window.
Though she couldn’t make out his face, the silhouette bore a striking resemblance to the man she’d encountered at the ball.
With the fare paid, Stella was just about to step out when her phone rang.
She furrowed her brow at the sight of Clint’s name on the caller ID.
Why was her grandfather calling so late?
Before she could utter a word, a voice on the other end sounded anxious and unfamiliar.
“Is this Stella? This is Bysea Hospital.
Your grandfather is critically ill.
”
###chapter669
Upon receiving the call, Stella was instantly gripped by a wave of panic.
Terminating the call, she pulled back her hand and addressed the driver, her tone tinged with urgency.
“Could you please take me to the train station immediately?”
The taxi pulled away from the cafe.
‘s BunnyBookery
Dropping her gaze, Stella launched her ticket-booking app and found that only a single train to Bysea remained.
With determined swiftness, she bought the ticket, her quivering fingers tapping the screen, fueled by a mix of fear and anxiety.
Ticket secured, she pressed the driver anew.
“Please, speed up.
”
Haunted by the thought of Clint’s precarious state in the hospital, Stella was awash in a sea of worry.
So consumed was she with concern for her grandfather that she momentarily forgot her scheduled meeting with Maverick.
Racing against time, Stella eventually boarded the last train.
Her thoughts were in disarray, and night had already enveloped the sky.
Given that it was a late-hour service, few passengers were present, casting an eerie quiet over the compartment.
Eyes reddening, Stella recalled that, in the mayhem of her emotional whirlwind and packed agenda, she had neglected to keep in touch with Clint for an uncomfortably long period.
Their most recent conversation seemed ages away, Clint’s voice having been full of life.
How could his health have deteriorated so drastically?
The more Stella pondered, the more she couldn’t help but blame herself.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Aware that Clint had been far from well, she realized she should have extended greater care and attention his way.
The hour-long train ride stretched on interminably as Stella sat fraught with tension.
At last, she reached Bysea.
She hastily alighted from the train and flagged down a taxi, directing it to the hospital.
As she was about to ring the butler for an update on Clint’s situation, her phone buzzed with an incoming call.
It was Maverick.
Before she had time to think, instinct kicked in and she hit the answer button.
Maverick’s voice emanated from the phone.
“Why haven’t you shown up?
You’re more than two hours late.
Has something happened?”
###chapter670
Caught by Maverick’s inquiry, Stella was jolted back to the realization that she’d forgotten to notify him of her change in circumstances.
Gathering herself as best she could, her voice nonetheless quivered, betraying her emotional state.
“I apologize, Maverick.
An emergency came up, and I can’t make our meeting.
Can we reschedule?”
On the other end of the line, Matthew picked up on the subtle shift in Stella’s voice.
He lowered his tone, probing for details.
“Where exactly are you? What’s happening?”
Considering their looming divorce and her desire to keep Maverick out of her family affairs, Stella mustered the composure to concoct a quick lie.
“A friend of mine needs help on an urgent matter.
I can’t discuss it now, but I’ll call you back later.
”
Wary of revealing too much and thus betraying her real emotions, Stella prepared to cut the conversation short.
Just then, Maverick’s tone turned softer, but more earnest.
“There’s no need to hurry, Stella.
Whenever you’re ready to talk, I’ll be here, waiting for your call.
”
His words resonated deeply within Stella, eliciting a subtle tremor in her already complex emotional state.
Unable to trust herself to say more, she offered a soft hum before ending the call.
At the hospital, the butler had received Stella’s earlier call and stood by the entrance to welcome her.
They quickly made their way to the patient’s room, arriving just as the doctor had concluded his examination.
Without a second’s hesitation, Stella approached the doctor, her voice tinged with desperation.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Doctor, what’s the status of my grandfather’s condition?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Scanning the test results, the doctor assumed a solemn tone.
“He’s been diagnosed with a cerebral aneurysm.
”
“How could this be?” Stella’s complexion blanched.
“What are our options?”
“It’s likely stress and overexertion triggered it,” the doctor elucidated.
“If not addressed urgently, the aneurysm could rupture, which could be life-threatening.
”
Stella faltered, taking in the gravity of the situation.
“Is surgery necessary, or are there alternative treatments?”
###chapter671
Mindful of Clint’s advanced age and existing health complications, she was wary of subjecting him to more physical stress.
Understanding her concern and Clint’s frail condition, the doctor sighed.
“Bysea Hospital has its limitations.
To ensure the best chance of recovery, I recommend transferring him to a specialized medical facility in a larger city as soon as possible.
”
A flicker of apprehension crossed Stella’s eyes as she asked urgently, “Is the surgery likely to succeed?”
The doctor elaborated, “Given the patient’s current state, surgery is generally a safe route.
However, there are inherent risks, particularly as our facility lacks some medical resources.
I’d advise transferring him to a more specialized hospital for a safer procedure.
”
A wave of helplessness washed over Stella.
‘s BunnyBookery
Clint had adopted her from an orphanage when she was young, making him the only family she truly had.
No matter what, she was committed to doing whatever was necessary to ensure his survival.
Eventually, Stella heeded the doctor’s counsel, stating, “I’ll arrange for an immediate transfer to a hospital in Seamarsh for my grandfather’s treatment.
Thank you, doctor.
”
“It’s my responsibility,” the doctor replied, guiding Stella towards the intensive care unit.
Peering through the glass, Stella spotted Clint lying in a hospital bed, his complexion ashen.
Her eyes misted over anew.
Softly, the doctor confided, “It’s fortunate you answered our call immediately.
We’ve been attempting to reach his son for days without success.
When we heard him mutter your name while unconscious, we thought it prudent to get in touch with you.
”
Stella’s eyes brimmed with fresh tears, her throat constricting.
She watched Clint for a long while, then turned her gaze to the doctor.
“I appreciate that you reached out to me in time.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Incidentally, your grandfather is fortunate we found him when we did.
The outcome could have been far worse.
You should keep a closer eye on him,” the doctor advised.
Stella nodded, feeling a surge of dread envelop her.
“Don’t worry too much.
His condition is fairly stable at the moment.
With proper post-operative care, he should recover progressively,” the doctor reassured her before taking his leave.
Exhausted, Stella settled onto a bench in the corridor, her eyes locked on Clint through the glass partition, her emotions a swirl of apprehension and hope.
Silently, she prayed that Death would not claim him.
Suddenly, her phone buzzed in her pocket.
Extracting it, she frowned at the sight of Maverick’s name on the screen.
###chapter672
Upon answering, Maverick said, “I hope I’m not intruding.
I’ve been waiting for your call for a long time, and I got worried.
What’s the matter? If it’s not too much, perhaps I can assist you.
”
After a sleepless night fraught with worry and apprehension, Stella was emotionally frayed.
Hearing Maverick express genuine concern, she found she couldn’t keep her grandfather’s condition to herself.
“My grandfather is seriously ill, and I’ve been advised to move him to a better-equipped hospital.
I’m in the process of coordinating with a doctor in Seamarsh.
”
Maverick didn’t hesitate.
“I have contacts with the top physicians at Seamarsh Hospital.
Bring your grandfather there, and let me handle the details.
”
Stella felt conflicted.
She had already resolved to divorce Maverick, and Clint’s illness was a family affair.
She didn’t want to impose.
But time was of the essence for Clint.
Eventually, she conceded.
“Thank you, Maverick.
However, I don’t want to be indebted to you.
I’ll pay for his medical expenses.
”
Maverick countered, “We can settle the finances later.
Right now, your grandfather’s health takes priority.
I’ll see you both at Seamarsh Hospital tomorrow.
”
“Alright.
” Stella reluctantly agreed, her voice heavy with emotion.
“I’ll consider this a favor I owe you.
”
After a brief pause, Maverick responded, “Don’t overthink it.
You were there for my grandmother when she was sick.
We’re still married, so your grandfather is family to me as well.
I’ll do whatever I can to help.
”
Stella felt it was inappropriate to add anything more at this point.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She simply responded with a faint hum and ended the call.
Afterwards, Matthew hung up and immediately dialed Fernando’s number.
“I need you to find out the availability of Seamarsh’s top neurologist for a consultation tomorrow morning,” he instructed.
“Is someone sick?” Fernando sensed Matthew’s urgency and became concerned as well.
“Just focus on coordinating with the doctor,” Matthew said, his voice tinged with cold determination.
“And while you’re at it, find out if any other leading neurologists are available.
Arrange consultations with all of them.
”
Realizing the situation was serious, Fernando didn’t inquire further.
###chapter673
“Understood.
”
Once he had issued all the instructions, Matthew exhaled a sigh of relief.
Glancing out the car window, he caught sight of an elegantly adorned coffee shop.
His face darkened.
The notion of revealing his true identity to Stella had been a tumultuous journey of its own.
‘s BunnyBookery
It seemed disclosure would have to wait until tomorrow.
He would be there, standing at the entrance of Seamarsh Hospital, under the guise of Matthew, awaiting Stella’s arrival.
Stella dismissed the butler for the night, opting to remain at the hospital herself.
She grabbed a small blanket from the supply room, resigning herself to a restless night on the corridor floor, her gaze ever watchful over Clint’s condition.
Maverick’s reassurance had granted her a sense of relief.
But her concern for Clint persisted.
Her sleep was fitful, punctuated by frequent wakeful moments to monitor Clint’s status.
Only when she confirmed his vital signs remained stable did she permit herself brief intervals of rest.
Stella mentally fortified herself, constantly reminding that she needed to preserve her own well-being.
She needed to be healthy to be Clint’s steadfast pillar of support.
She couldn’t afford to break down.
Awaking early the next morning, Stella was heartened by Clint’s improving condition.
She hastily returned home to gather his necessities before rushing back to the hospital.
Upon her return, she was greeted by the sight of Clint stirring awake as a doctor examined him.
The burden of anxiety and fear that had been stifling her began to lighten.
The previous day’s image of Clint, motionless in the hospital bed, had been deeply shocking.
Granted permission by the doctor, Stella donned sterile attire and entered the room.
She clasped Clint’s hand tightly, her voice tinged with anxious concern.
“Grandpa, how do you feel? Is there any discomfort?”
“Stella… Why are you here?” Clint’s voice wavered, his newly awakened state rendering speech difficult.
“I came as soon as I heard you’d collapsed and were hospitalized,”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella answered.
“Had the hospital not informed me, were you planning to keep this a secret from me again? I’ve told you, you must inform me right away if you’re unwell.
You…”
Her voice faltered as she looked at Clint’s wearied visage.
Clint offered a gentle smile, aware of the concern he’d caused her.
Switching topics, he queried, “Did you come alone? What about Maverick?”
###chapter674
“He couldn’t come,” Stella revealed candidly.
“We’re preparing to leave for Seamarsh.
Maverick is already there, waiting for us at Seamarsh Hospital.
”
Hearing this, Clint frowned and shook his head adamantly.
“I won’t go.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Grandpa!” Stella’s patience was fraying.
“This time, you have to listen to my advice.
Come with me to Seamarsh for a comprehensive medical evaluation.
Once you’re well, we’ll return to Bysea.
”
Clint shook his head again.
“I’m already an old man.
A trip to Seamarsh would be both time-consuming and costly.
I don’t wish to impose on you or Maverick.
Have the butler stay here and keep an eye on me.
”
Stella was both frustrated and helpless.
She inhaled deeply, regaining her composure.
In a gentle, measured tone, she asked, “Will you listen to me this time? If you agree to go to Seamarsh, Maverick and I can mend our relationship.
”
At that, Clint’s eyes sparkled.
“Is that the truth?”
Stella nodded solemnly.
“Yes, but you have to accompany me to Seamarsh for proper medical care.
”
“Alright, we’ll go to Seamarsh.
” Clint finally consented.
Just as Stella was aiding Clint in freshening up for their imminent journey, the ward door swung open abruptly.
Stella’s gaze fell upon Charlene, a face she hadn’t seen in quite some time, and she instantly grew wary.
She asked coldly, “What are you doing here?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As she spoke, her eyes narrowed as she positioned herself protectively in front of Clint.
Charlene appeared unperturbed and extended a smile.
She redirected her attention, fixing her gaze on Clint, and greeted him with a warm smile.
“Mr.
Anderson, nice to meet you.
I’m Matthew’s aunt.
”
Clint’s eyes widened slightly, and his hands trembled uncontrollably.
He had a faint inkling about Charlene’s unexpected appearance and the possible intentions behind it.
###chapter675
Stella found Charlene’s conduct puzzling.
She was about to speak again when she noticed a sudden change in Clint’s demeanor.
Stella’s heart clenched, fearing Charlene might say something inappropriate.
She was just about to show Charlene the exit.
However, Charlene swiftly pivoted, correcting herself.
“Ah, my apologies.
Let me rephrase that.
I’m Maverick’s aunt.
”
As she said this, Charlene’s eyes met Stella’s, her smile tinged with an unspoken message.
Stella’s face went rigid, disbelief filling her voice.
“What are you implying with your words?”
Charlene smiled faintly.
“You don’t know yet, do you? Matthew is, in fact, Maverick.
He orchestrated an elaborate ruse, masquerading as Matthew, then play the role of your husband as Maverick.
”
Each revelation from Charlene drained the color from Stella’s face further.
Relishing the moment, Charlene taunted, “So, Stella, how does it feel to be played for a fool?”
“It can’t be.
” Stella shook her head in denial, unable to muster any words beyond that simple phrase.
Charlene’s smile widened in triumph.
Observing Stella’s anguish brought her joy, dispelling some of the frustration she had been feeling recently because of Matthew.
“Why is it impossible?” Charlene shot a glance at the equally distressed Clint.
“If you’re skeptical, ask your own grandfather.
He, along with the entire Clark family, knew about Matthew’s dual identity.
Yet they chose to withhold this information, watching you make a fool of yourself.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A sense of vindication washed over Charlene’s features.
She couldn’t stomach the thought of Matthew enjoying his life when he put her through hell.
“Stella, don’t you find your situation pathetic? Everyone knew the truth, and you were the only one left in the dark.
” Charlene peered into Stella’s eyes, feigning compassion.
“I couldn’t let it go on, which is why I took it upon myself to tell you, to liberate you from any further manipulation.
”
“You’re lying!” Stella’s thoughts swirled in chaos, but she was still hesitant to embrace this unsettling truth.
“Matthew is the CEO of Prosperity Group, while Maverick is…”
As she tried to separate the two by their professional roles, she confronted the realization that she knew next to nothing about Maverick’s true identity, only that he was a businessman.
###chapter676
Stella’s doubt only made the situation more amusing for Charlene.
Clearly, Stella wouldn’t believe it until she saw it with her own eyes.
With a dismissive snort, Charlene handed over a stack of documents.
“Words can be hollow, I get that.
Go ahead and see for yourself who has really been lying to you.
”
Locking eyes with Charlene’s self-assured gaze, Stella took the documents from her hands.
She opened the first page, and as her eyes landed on the blunt, damning words, she felt a bone-chilling sensation envelop her as if being punctured by a thousand tiny needles.
Her face gradually whitened, her hands began to tremble, and her legs wobbled, threatening to buckle beneath her.
“Grandpa…” Stella faced Clint, her voice quivering.
“You know the truth as well, don’t you? Please tell me, is Maverick actually Matthew?”
“Stella…” Caught off guard by the depth of Stella’s emotion, Clint knew he could no longer withhold the truth.
With a brief closure of his eyes, he nodded softly, then clarified, “We never meant to deceive you, Stella.
There’s a reason for all of this.
”
“There’s no need to say more.
” Stella cut him off, tears freely flowing down her cheeks.
Taking a shaky breath, she wore a forlorn smile, her voice raspy as she murmured, “I get it.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
She sought to rationalize everyone’s motives but found no justification.
She could comprehend the Clark family’s deception, but why would Clint lie to her?
He was her grandfather!
ALL at once, the reality seemed to fragment for Stella.
The world hushed, leaving her with a pulsating headache and a high-pitched ringing in her ears that rendered her incapable of coherent thought.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Ever since realizing her affection for Matthew, she had shouldered a tremendous emotional weight.
She’d loathed herself for being enamored with a married man.
Yet, it turned out she had been misled.
The man she’d fallen for was actually her spouse, a man she’d never met.
Everyone had been deceiving her.
She was simply a pawn in a game of familial alliances, and no one cared about her feelings.
Stella’s heart constricted painfully, her body trembling.
Charlene, watching the scene unfold, felt a sense of satisfaction but believed it was insufficient.
###chapter677
Adding insult to injury, she addressed Clint mockingly, “You’re just as vile, willing to betray your own granddaughter to curry favor with the Clark family.
How cruel can you be?”
“Enough!” Clint’s voice erupted, his face flushing crimson.
Unfazed, Charlene jeered, “What’s the use of silencing me now? You’ve already committed such a shameful act.
You’re nothing but a bootlicker!”
Clint gripped his chest, gasping for air.
“Leave, just…”
Before he could complete his sentence, his face paled further, and he collapsed onto the bed.
The thump of his fall jolted Stella.
Documents scattered as she sprinted to Clint, screaming, “Grandpa, wake up!”
Outside Seamarsh Hospital, Matthew waited anxiously, time slipping through his fingers, yet there was no sight of Stella.
Finally, he pulled out his phone and dialed her number.
Moments later, an automated voice informed him, “The number you have dialed is temporarily unavailable.
”
Matthew’s brow furrowed, an ominous feeling surging within him.
After a fleeting contemplation, he dialed Clint’s number, only to be greeted by relentless ringing.
His entire being was overwhelmed by a profound and stifling atmosphere, a weight he found increasingly unbearable.
Unable to wait any longer, he decided to drive to Bysea himself to fetch Stella.
At Bysea Hospital, Matthew had pinpointed Clint’s ward en route and hurried inside as soon as he parked his car.
Yet, when he arrived at the designated room, it was disturbingly vacant.
He attempted to call Stella again but the line remained unanswered.
Sliding his phone back into his pocket, he was about to ask someone for information when a doctor approached.
Without hesitation, he inquired, “Where is the patient who was in this room, Clint Anderson?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“He’s been discharged.
”
Matthew’s brow furrowed further at the news.
“When did he leave?”
“Not long ago.
” The doctor eyed Matthew cautiously.
“May I inquire about your relationship to the patient?”
###chapter678
Matthew pressed his lips together.
ALL signs indicated something had gone awry.
Otherwise, Stella wouldn’t have stopped answering her phone, nor would Clint be absent from Seamarsh as planned.
A dark suspicion crystallized in Matthew’s mind, prompting him to reveal his identity.
“I’m Stella Anderson’s husband.
I’ve been unable to contact either my wife or her grandfather.
I would like the hospital to grant me access to this room’s surveillance footage.
I need to know what happened here.
”
“So you’re actually Maverick Clark?”
A familiar, tear-choked voice emanated from behind Matthew.
His body tensed slightly as he pivoted, eyes awash with concern and trepidation.
Stella was behind him, her eyes red and swollen.
Her look was vulnerable, like a forsaken kitten, stirring Matthew’s emotions.
As their eyes met, neither of them spoke.
The doctor interjected, “Ah, Miss Anderson.
Feel free to converse.
If you have any questions regarding the patient, my office is open.
”
With that, the doctor left, giving the two of them some space to talk.
Stella regarded the man who once was her boss but now felt like a stranger.
She couldn’t quite read the expression on his face.
It was clear.
Charlene had told the truth.
Matthew was Maverick, indeed!
Which one of them was the real him?
Finally, Stella’s lips curled into a sarcastic smile, her voice laced with detachment.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“So, you’re Maverick.
”
“Stella…” Matthew took a step forward, intent on offering an explanation.
Stella recoiled, raising her hand to stop him.
“Don’t come any closer.
”
She had clung to a vestige of hope, yearning for the truth, but reality shattered it more harshly than she’d anticipated.
She felt compelled to sever the emotional ties.
“You already knew that I’m your…” Unable to utter the word “wife,” she choked back the bitterness that surged within her throat.
She had often pondered what sort of woman could be a fitting match for a man as remarkable as Matthew, even wondering why he never wanted her seen in public with him.
###chapter679
In the end, it all seemed like a cruel joke.
She couldn’t help but ponder how he had introduced her during their joint appearances at events and the identity he had ascribed to her behind her back.
Stella struggled to contain her anger and humiliation, asking calmly, “Why did you deceive me? Why did you play two roles in front of me?
Did you take pleasure in watching me struggle to uphold your reputation, to see me ensnared in a moral and emotional dilemma until I had no choice but to resign? Is this amusing to you?”
As she spoke, Stella’s nose tingled, and her voice quivered.
“Does your grandmother know about this? Does Neville know? Everyone knew, except for me.
What a farce!”
Stella felt her chest constrict as she watched Matthew’s face turn ashen as paper.
Matthew’s heart shuddered.
“I’m sorry.
I never intended to keep this from you.
”
He found himself at a loss where to begin with his explanation.
In this instant, all the meticulously crafted words he’d thought of beforehand seemed to vanish.
Regret, self-reproach, and fear welled within him.
“Our marriage began impulsively, and initially, I didn’t want you to be aware of my position as the CEO of Prosperity Group…”
“Enough! You don’t need to explain further,” Stella interrupted, her voice tinged with the ache of betrayal.
It felt like her heart was being carved with a knife.
No matter what his reasons were, the fact remained that their marriage had started with a lie.
In her eyes, it meant he never considered a future together.
She felt like a firestorm was engulfing her heart and throat.
Tears welled up in her eyes.
She clenched her fists tightly to hold back the tears from falling.
“Let’s end it here.
”
“Stella…” Matthew sensed that she was not in a state to hear him out, but he was desperate to rectify things.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella, however, couldn’t bear to listen any longer.
She bit her lip, declaring, “You’re out of my league, and you should cease disrupting my life.
Let’s leave it at that.
”
With that, she turned away and rushed out.
Matthew lunged forward, gripping her arm.
“Hiding my identity was my fault.
You can punish me however you see fit.
But please, don’t shut me out.
Can you at least grant me that?”
Stella wrenched her arm free, her eyes fiery with tears.
“You’re not to blame.
How could someone as distinguished as the CEO of Prosperity Group be wrong? Don’t follow me anymore! Otherwise, I’ll disappear from your life for good.
”
###chapter680
With those final words, she didn’t afford Matthew another look and raced away.
Matthew yearned to chase after her, but his feet felt as if they were weighed down by tons.
He had foreseen this possibility, yet when it manifested, the emotional toll was far more excruciating than he had ever imagined.
That evening, Stella returned to Seamarsh with Clint alone.
She erased Maverick’s and Matthew’s contact information from her phone.
The two distinct numbers displayed on her screen seemed to mock her quietly for her own naivety.
The man she had longed to see had been right beside her, and yet she had remained blissfully unaware.
Without a moment’s hesitation, Stella deleted all their message threads.
She dialed Flossie to inquire if she knew a an excellent neurologist.
Now that Flossie had risen to prominence, her connections surpassed both Stella’s and Miley’s, making her the only person Stella could think to turn to.
Before Stella and Clint reached Seamarsh, Flossie had expertly organized all the arrangements.
Upon Clint’s exit from the car, he was immediately admitted to Selary Hospital.
Miley rushed to the hospital as soon as she got word.
Stella sat lifelessly on a bench in the corridor.
Miley approached and grasped Stella’s hand, only to discover it was chillingly cold.
“Stella, what’s going on? How is your grandfather?” she asked, her voice tinged with apprehension, assuming Clint’s condition had worsened.
“He’s still undergoing tests,” Stella responded, her voice feeble.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley glanced at the ward and questioned, “Didn’t you text me Last night saying Maverick would assist in finding a doctor for your grandfather? Why did you reach out to Flossie so abruptly? Did Maverick.
.
“Enough, Miley,” Stella interrupted, raising her hand to silence her friend.
She couldn’t bear to hear the names “Maverick” and “Matthew” any longer.
“What did Maverick do?” Miley pressed, her brow furrowed in concern.
Piecing together the talk of divorce from the previous night and Stella’s current demeanor, Miley couldn’t help but speculate wildly.
“Did Maverick renege on his promise as an act of spite because you suggested divorce?”
“No…” Stella faltered, struggling to find the right words, her head throbbing.
###chapter681
“Miley, I’m giving up completely this time.
There’s no forgiveness left in me.
”
Her voice tinged with melancholy, she managed a sorrowful smile.
Seeing this, Miley refrained from prying any further.
Softly, she offered, “It’s alright.
You’re getting a divorce anyway.
I’ll stay with you while we wait.
Once your grandfather is better, we can start fresh in a new city.
”
Stella remained silent.
After some time, the ward door swung open.
Out stepped a young man, adorned in a simple white lab coat.
His demeanor was reserved yet poised, emanating a sense of cold elegance.
The man donned a pair of gold-rimmed glasses, his features strikingly handsome yet icy aura.
Upon seeing Stella, he appeared momentarily taken aback.
Stella quickly rose to her feet and glanced at the nameplate affixed to his chest.
Farris Barnes, Chief Physician.
“Dr.
Barnes, how is my grandfather?” Stella asked anxiously.
Farris flipped open the medical record, maintaining a voice that was as composed as it was chilly.
“Immediate surgery is required for the patient.
However, the procedure comes with its own risks, and the family needs to sign the agreement.
”
His curt declaration visibly drained the color from Stella’s face.
Her lips quivering, she managed to ask, “What are the risks involved?”
Farris cast her an impassive glance before handing her a document.
“Due to his age, the surgery carries a failure rate of approximately 40%.
Should you consent, I will do my utmost to mitigate the risks.
Take your time to consider,” he stated methodically.
Scanning the document, Stella hesitated before posing another question.
“Is conservative treatment an option?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Farris was forthright.
“Conservative treatment is both protracted and less likely to yield substantial improvement.
It would require constant caregiving, which I wouldn’t personally recommend.
”
Gripping the document even tighter, Stella sank into a deep contemplation.
After a moment’s pause, she made her decision.
“We’ll proceed with the surgery.
”
Farris nodded and presented her with the consent form.
###chapter682
“Please sign here.
I’ll instruct the nursing staff to prepare for the operation.
”
A pen in hand, Stella hesitated only briefly before signing her name with resolute strokes.
As she passed the signed agreement and pen back to Farris, her vision blurred, and she collapsed.
Stella slumped forward, leaning toward Farris’ direction.
“Stella…” Miley started to reach out, but Farris was quicker, steadying Stella before she hit the floor.
Upon waking, Stella was greeted by Miley’s look of concern.
“What happened to me?” she asked.
Attempting to sit up, Stella was quickly steadied by Miley, who said, “You fainted earlier.
You gave me quite a scare.
”
Miley slid a pillow behind Stella’s back and pressed the call button, adding, “Thankfully, Dr.
Barnes caught you just in time.
”
Stella furrowed her brows, unable to recall the incident.
Shortly after, Farris entered the room accompanied by a nurse.
“Is Stella alright?” Miley inquired anxiously.
“Why did she faint all of a sudden?”
Stella also cast her eyes to Farris.
Meeting Stella’s gaze, Farris felt an inexplicable emotion.
He adjusted his glasses, looked away, and stated calmly, “She is experiencing hypoglycemia.
Ensure she eats regularly and doesn’t overexert herself.
”
Miley exhaled in relief.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
However, Stella wasn’t concerned about herself.
Her thoughts were with her grandfather.
“Doctor, what about my grandfather?”
Farris, discerning her question’s intent, reassured her, “Rest easy.
A nurse is monitoring him.
”
“Thank you,” Stella acknowledged.
“You’re welcome.
” Farris smiled, then quickly regained his composure.
“Do you have other family in Seamarsh? You need to focus on your own recovery.
”
“I have no family here,” Stella blurted out, raising her voice defensively.
###chapter683
Miley was puzzled by Stella’s intense reaction.
She wanted to mention that Maverick had also been in Seamarsh recently, but was cut off by Stella.
“Dr.
Barnes, I’ll handle my grandfather’s care.
Thank you.
”
Farris looked slightly skeptical but said nothing more.
To Miley, he added, “Ring the bell if you need assistance.
”
After he left, Miley closed the door and faced Stella seriously.
“What’s going on between you and Maverick? You’re still technically married to him, so why not ask him to look after your grandfather?”
Avoiding the topic, Stella closed her eyes and remained silent.
Persistent, Miley threatened, “If you won’t talk, I’ll call Maverick myself.
He promised to find a doctor for your grandfather, didn’t he?
But he’s not even here.
Couldn’t he come and help you out? Is he planning on breaking that promise?”
Reaching into Stella’s bag, Miley grabbed her phone.
“Please, Miley, don’t contact him,” Stella implored, catching her friend’s wrist.
Unyielding, Miley questioned, “Why? What has he done? If he’s mistreated you, I’ll make sure he answers for it.
”
Cornered, Stella felt compelled to reveal the truth.
“Matthew and Maverick are the same person.
”
“What?” Miley was dumbstruck for a moment.
Regaining her composure, she pressed Stella for clarification.
“Are you saying Matthew is Maverick? Your husband is Matthew, correct?”
Wearily, Stella nodded.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Suddenly, the pieces fell into place for Miley.
“No wonder he cares about you so much.
”
Yet, she was puzzled by Stella’s somber demeanor.
If Matthew was both the husband and the man Stella cared for, shouldn’t this be a happy revelation?
Why did Stella look upset?
Before she could voice her confusion, Stella interjected with a sneer.
“So what? He deceived me for so long, letting me believe I was having an affair.
And he watched getting fooled every day.
”
###chapter684
Drawing a deep breath, Stella concluded, “I’ve given up on him.
”
Miley was taken aback by the gravity of the situation.
After a moment’s thought, she began, “Stella, don’t be hasty.
Maybe he has his own reasons.
”
“If you consider me a friend, Miley, don’t defend him.
I can’t forgive him,” Stella cut her off, her expression icy and resolute.
Recognizing the futility of further argument, Miley fell silent.
‘s BunnyBookery
Breaking the silence, Stella spoke up.
“Miley, there’s something important I need your help with.
”
At Prosperity Group, Fernando ushered Miley into Matthew’s office.
“Mr.
Clark is inside,” Fernando informed her before discreetly withdrawing.
Upon entering, Miley found Matthew looking worse for wear, his face sporting stubble.
For a moment, she was at a loss for words.
“Please, sit.
” Matthew gestured to a chair.
“How is Stella? Is she okay?”
Miley remained standing, her tone impassive.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Stella’s doing fine, but she has no desire to see you.
She sent me here today to collect her belongings from her office.
”
Matthew’s mood plummeted into a well of melancholy.
But he quickly snapped back to his usual calmness.
In a grave tone, he queried, “How is Stella’s grandfather?”
Miley responded, “She found a doctor, and her grandfather is slated for surgery soon.
”
A subtle nod from Matthew acknowledged the news.
“That’s a relief.
”
Miley observed his expression and found that Matthew was still concerned about Stella.
Given his keen perceptiveness, she deduced that he must have known about Stella’s feelings for him for some time.
If Matthew had been honest with Stella earlier, it could have prevented her from carrying a psychological burden for a long time and could have prevented the events that unfolded.
###chapter685
“You knew that Stella is your wife; why haven’t you told her? You’ve had ample opportunities.
Her finding out on her own has led to irrevocable consequences.
”
Matthew parted his lips, wanting to speak.
Yet, in the end, he offered no explanation.
Instead, he made an internal call, instructing Fernando to assist Miley in collecting Stella’s personal items.
As she prepared to leave, Miley threw a scornful glance at Matthew, who had returned to his work, and departed without uttering another word.
Stella’s stint at the company had been brief so she had few personal items.
Miley packed them swiftly and exited the office without a backward glance.
Fernando seemed curious, but, sensing the tension between Miley and Matthew, chose not to inquire further.
Once Miley had left, the office was abuzz with speculation.
“Stella just nailed Mrs.
Burke’s project.
She’s at the peak of her career.
Why would she leave Prosperity Group? Is she starting her own business?”
“I doubt it.
After all, Mr.
Clark gave her a career lifeline.
She wouldn’t just abandon that, would she?”
“I don’t think so either.
I sensed a spark between Stella and Mr.
Clark.
Maybe Mrs.
Clark caught on, and Stella had to make an exit.
If she resigned properly, why wouldn’t she come back for her belongings?”
For a while, gossip swirled throughout the office, but Matthew remained blissfully ignorant of it all.
He picked up the phone and dialed Flossie.
Having parted ways with Stella the previous day and being aware of Clint’s health crisis, he realized that Stella would no Longer welcome his aid.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Initially, he tried reaching out to Miley for assistance but couldn’t get through.
Left with no alternative, he contacted Flossie, who readily agreed to help Stella.
“Mr.
Clark.
”
As soon as the call connected, Flossie’s voice jolted Matthew back to the present.
“Thank you for assisting me yesterday, but I need your help again,” he said, his tone deep and earnest.
“Just tell me what you need, Mr.
Clark.
”
“Stella doesn’t wish to see me at the moment.
Could you please bring her some food?” His voice softened.
After all, when Stella was too busy, she often forgot to eat.
“Of course, I’ll go see her right away,” Flossie assured him.
“If anything happens to her, please tell me as soon as possible,”
Matthew instructed.
###chapter686
“I will.
I’ll also frequent the hospital when I can,” Flossie replied.
Matthew nodded, even though she couldn’t see him.
“There’s one more thing…”
Inside Clint’s hospital room, Stella had been keeping vigil.
Clint lay in the bed quietly.
His face was as pale as paper, and his face was sunken and wrinkled.
In Stella’s memory, Clint always had a kind look on his face.
Seeing him with a different expression now, Stella couldn’t help but feel sad.
Slowly, Clint opened his eyes.
“Stella.
”
“I’m here, Grandpa.
Would you like some water?” she asked softly.
He shook his head.
“Help me sit up.
”
Rushing to his aid, Stella helped him into a sitting position.
Noticing her reddened eyes, Clint expressed his regret.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’m sorry, Stella.
I shouldn’t have agreed with Matthew to deceive you.
”
“It’s not your fault, Grandpa,” Stella interjected, cutting him off gently.
“Focus on getting better.
I can manage everything else.
”
She picked up a lunch box from a nearby table.
“Miley sent over some food.
Try to eat something and then rest.
”
Recognizing Stella’s reluctance to discuss the matter further, Clint sighed but chose not to press.
He was still frail and soon fell asleep after eating just a few bites.
Exiting the room with the lunch box, Stella closed the door gently behind her.
That’s when she overheard a voice in the hallway declaring, “I heard that he’s dying?”
Stella’s brow furrowed at the sound of the familiar voice.
She turned and saw Aziel approaching, accompanied by a woman with garish make-up.
###chapter687
Her expression soured.
She hadn’t anticipated encountering Aziel in Seamarsh.
“Why are you here?” she asked coldly.
Undeterred by her frigid tone, Aziel retorted, “Had I not shown up, would you have conveniently informed me after usurping my father’s property?”
He was thankful for the informant he planted at the hospital.
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have known about Clint’s transfer so quickly.
“Let’s get one thing straight, Stella.
I’m his legitimate son.
Don’t forget that you were left in an orphanage, nameless.
What makes you think you have any claim to my father’s fortune?”
Aziel’s tone escalated with each sentence.
Fury surged through Stella, her fists tightening.
“Shut up! Get out of the hospital right now.
Don’t disturb Grandpa!”
“I’m not going anywhere.
I won’t allow you to carry out your devious plans.
” Aziel sneered.
“I’m eager to see your next move.
”
Infuriated, Stella shot back, “That’s enough! I swear, if you upset Grandpa, you’ll regret it!”
“Fine! Show me what you’ve got! You’re nothing but an orphan.
What can you possibly do?” Aziel rolled up his sleeves.
“Had my father not foolishly taken you in from that orphanage, you wouldn’t be living this comfortable Life.
You’ve reaped enough from the Anderson family.
You have no right to ask me to leave The woman beside him chimed in, smirking, “Exactly, Stella.
Pay attention.
Aziel is Clint’s biological son.
”
She emphasized the last words before continuing, “How could you have the audacity to transfer his father to Seamarsh behind his back, given your status? If anything were to happen to his father, you wouldn’t be able to bear the consequences.
Shame on you!”
Aziel snorted and dr@ped an arm around the woman beside him, pointing a finger at Stella.
“Darling, did you know she’s married? And she still tried to seduce me once.
Had I not seen through her ruse, I could’ve fallen into her trap!”
“My goodness! She calls you her uncle.
I didn’t expect her to set her sights on you, all to secure her place in the Anderson family.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The woman feigned shock, covering her mouth with her hand.
The two began to fabricate tales of Stella’s supposed seductions.
By now, their raised voices had attracted a crowd of patients and their families, despite the late hour.
The onlookers cast disdainful glances at Stella, murmuring their own judgments.
Stella’s body shook with indignation.
She knew Clint had been sleeping poorly.
###chapter688
She was afraid that this spectacle threatened to disturb him further.
With one final warning, she declared, “Aziel, if you don’t leave this instant, I’ll call the police and charge you with slander.
”
But Aziel only became more brazen, dismissing her threat.
Stepping closer to her with a smug grin, he sneered, “Oh, you’re going to call the police? I’m trembling in fear…”
“Aziel, stay away from me!” Stella shouted, raising her hand defensively.
Ignoring her, Aziel taunted, “Go ahead, call the police.
I’m here to see my father.
Let’s see who has the nerve to arrest me!”
Stella seethed with anger at Aziel’s audacious behavior, but it seemed she couldn’t rein him in.
Aziel’s knack for shouting obscenities knew no bounds, but Stella had more pressing concerns, especially in Clint’s hospital room.
The stalemate was palpable, but the echoing footsteps approaching from the corridor interrupted the tension.
Farris, taking a stand, glared at Aziel, his anger simmering.
“This is a hospital.
If you’re here to cause trouble, kindly leave.
”
He then turned his attention to Stella, a mix of concern and caution in his gaze.
“Are you hurt? If you wish to involve the authorities, I’ve recorded his words, and the hospital’s surveillance can confirm their false accusations.
”
Both Aziel and the woman with him couldn’t hide their unease.
“Stella, you certainly have a way with men.
” Aziel continued to berate her.
“You even lured my father to Seamarsh.
Do you intend for him to support this man too?”
“That’s enough!” Stella, her patience waning, interjected.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Mind your words and show some respect for others.
”
While she could endure Aziel’s insults, Farris held a significant role as Clint’s attending physician.
Moreover, they were in a hospital, and Aziel’s actions were entirely inappropriate in a public setting.
Perhaps unnerved by Farris’s threat and Stella’s outrage, Aziel finally fell silent.
Farris, his countenance still stern, summoned security to escort the troublemakers out.
“The patient needs to rest quietly and please drive the troublemakers out.
”
The guards approached, aiming to remove Aziel and the woman.
Aziel resisted their grasp, asserting, “I can leave on my own.
”
###chapter689
With a parting vow, he addressed Stella with anger in his eyes.
“Stella, this isn’t over.
I’ll be back.
”
As Aziel departed, the onlookers began to disperse.
Stella slumped into a chair, feeling utterly drained.
She clutched her collar, the turmoil within her heart palpable.
Aziel seemed as persistent as ever, an unwelcome presence she couldn’t shake.
Stella couldn’t help but wonder about the potential confrontation that might have taken place had Aziel met Clint.
Her mind was a swirl of possibilities.
Amid her thoughts, a paper cup appeared before her, startling her out of her reverie.
She looked up and found Farris offering her the cup of water.
He took a seat beside her and advised, “Drink some water.
It’s all right.
I promise they won’t return.
”
Stella held the cup tightly, the warm water soothing her cold, trembling hands.
She mustered a faint “Thank you.
” Sipping the water, she finally felt warmth returning to her body.
She regarded Farris and broached the matter of Clint’s operation.
“Dr.
Barnes, I want my grandpa to undergo an operation as soon as possible.
Farris seemed slightly taken aback by her sudden request.
He adjusted his glasses and spoke calmly.
“We can’t rush this.
We must perform a comprehensive examination to ensure your grandfather is in suitable condition for the operation.
”
Stella, her lips pursed, knew that a thorough examination was crucial before Clint’s surgery.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
However, she couldn’t escape the ever-present threat of Aziel, who seemed like a ticking time bomb.
Aziel knew Clint was here, and he would come here again.
Farris was well aware of Stella’s concerns.
He raised his hand as if to comfort her, but hesitated, retracting it before patting her on the shoulder.
He then stood up and told her, “Leave it to me.
You need not worry.
It’s late.
Get some rest.
”
With those words, he departed, leaving Stella to her thoughts.
In his office, Farris contemplated the situation, feeling the heaviness of the recent confrontation.
He took off his glasses and rested his head in his hands.
After a moment of silence, he retrieved an old photo album from his drawer.
###chapter690
Turning to the last page, he found a picture of a little girl and a little boy.
His fingers traced the girl’s face in the photograph.
He whispered, “It’s been too long.
You don’t even remember me.
”
This was the only photo he and Stella had taken during their time at the orphanage.
Farris, a child who had always been reserved, remembered Stella as the only one who approached him and initiated conversations.
‘s BunnyBookery
His life took a different path when he was adopted by a couple from Seamarsh, and he lost touch with Stella.
When he found an opportunity to return to the orphanage, he heard that Stella was also adopted.
Since then, he had completely lost her news.
Meeting her again and learning her new name had been an unexpected twist.
“Stella.
” Farris repeated her name with a smile, a longing spark in his eyes.
In the CEO’s office of Prosperity Group…
Fernando looked at the man before the French window and reported, “Aziel went to the hospital to confront Stella and he used harsh words.
”
Fernando couldn’t quite grasp why Matthew was so invested in Stella’s situation.
However, Matthew’s cold voice interrupted his musings.
“Resolve this issue immediately.
Do not trouble me with such trivial matters in the future.
”
“Yes, sir.
” With a quick nod of agreement, Fernando withdrew, leaving Matthew to his thoughts.
As he gazed at the dark night outside, Matthew eventually retrieved his phone.
He checked his chat history with Stella, only to find that she had blocked his number.
The realization stung his heart.
v
Three days had passed since he last saw her.
His yearning had reached its Limits.
He missed her profoundly.
The following morning, after picking up breakfast and heading back to the hospital, Stella was informed that Clint had been moved to a VIP ward.
She promptly made her way to the hospital’s top floor.
In contrast to the bustling regular wards, the VIP area was notably deserted, guarded by several security personnel at its entrance.
Upon entering the room, Stella noticed Flossie seated beside the bed, carefully peeling an apple.
###chapter691
Catching Stella’s surprised gaze, Flossie offered a warm smile.
“Stella, you’re back.
”
Stella nodded, instantly understanding that it was Flossie who had arranged for Clint’s transfer to the upscale ward.
She set down the breakfast bag and said gratefully, “Thank you for arranging this.
I’ll reimburse you for the cost later.
”
“No need for that,” Flossie responded, averting her eyes with a hint of guilt.
But Stella didn’t notice her unnatural expression at all.
Unaware of Flossie’s discomfort, Stella surveyed the room and was relieved to find it far more private than the regular ward.
This change eased her worries about a surprise encounter with Aziel, like the one the previous night, and ensured that Clint could recover peacefully.
Noticing Stella’s lack of further questions, Flossie exhaled a subtle sigh of relief.
She handed the peeled apple to Clint, inquiring, “When is your operation scheduled?”
“Tomorrow morning,” Clint replied candidly.
Flossie offered comforting words.
“Don’t be anxious.
Dr.
Barnes is an expert in this field.
You’re in capable hands, and you’ll be able to return to Bysea before you know it.
”
Setting aside the apple, Clint sighed.
He shot a meaningful glance at Stella, who was busy organizing some luggage.
“My biggest concern isn’t when I can go home.
It’s when my granddaughter and her husband will reconcile.
”
Picking up on the subtext of Clint’s words, Stella hesitated but remained silent.
Flossie noticed Stella’s strained expression and reassured Clint.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“They’ll make amends by the time you’re discharged.
Don’t worry.
” She smiled.
His eyes still trained on Stella’s back, Clint expressed his hopes.
“I’d like to believe that.
”
Flossie didn’t linger for too long.
With her rising fame came a surge of responsibilities.
Her primary reason for coming to the hospital was at Matthew’s behest.
As Stella and Flossie exited the room, Stella seized the opportunity to ask, “How did you manage to upgrade my grandfather’s ward to a VIP room?”
###chapter692
Aziel’s disruptive visit the previous night had left Stella perpetually uneasy.
When she had initially inquired about moving Clint to a VIP ward, the hospital staff had informed her no rooms were available and she would need to wait.
Yet, here they were, just a night later.
Meeting Stella’s questioning eyes, Flossie grew increasingly uncomfortable.
After a moment’s hesitation, she divulged, “It was Matthew who arranged this for you.
”
Stella’s expression instantly clouded over.
Flossie sighed.
She couldn’t fathom why things had soured so suddenly between Matthew and Stella.
Sensing a misunderstanding, Flossie took out her phone and found a picture in the album.
Then she turned the screen to Stella and said, “You should take a look at this.
”
It was Aziel, who had created a scene at the hospital last night.
But he looked a far cry from his usual arrogant demeanor.
One of his eyes were swollen.
His mouth was bloody and his shirt was tattered with most of its buttons missing.
He looked utterly humiliated.
Stella was at a loss for words.
“Mr.
Clark had someone deal with Aziel after his antics last night,”
Flossie explained.
“He also asked me to assist in upgrading your grandfather’s ward this morning.
”
Stella pressed her lips together and lowered her head.
“Whatever the issue is between you two, Mr.
Clark genuinely concerned for you,” Flossie said.
“Considering what he’s done, maybe give him an opportunity to explain himself.
He’s not a bad person.
”
Stella seemed torn, her thoughts in disarray.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’ll consider your advice, but only after Grandpa’s surgery,” she finally replied.
The next morning, Clint was wheeled into the operating room.
Before they parted, Stella gripped his hand reassuringly.
“Grandpa, don’t worry.
Everything will be alright.
”
Clint nodded, but halted any words of encouragement for Stella to reconcile with Matthew.
Her red, weary eyes told him now was not the time.
Sensing her anxiety, Farris chimed in, “Don’t worry, Stella.
###chapter693
Everything will turn out fine.
”
Nurses moved Clint’s bed into the operating room.
The door shut behind him, the red light flicked on, signaling the start of the surgery.
Stella sat outside, her gaze fixed unblinkingly on the operating room door, unaware of a man watching her from a shadowy corner of the corridor.
Matthew had been vigilantly keeping watch ever since Clint was wheeled into the operating room.
Fernando stood behind him, his gaze shifting from Stella outside the operating room to Matthew.
He found himself puzzled.
With a myriad of responsibilities awaiting him at the company, Matthew had chosen to be at the hospital.
Yet, rather than approaching Stella, he stood secluded in a corner, watching her from afar.
Fernando was baffled by Matthew’s actions.
In a subdued voice, Fernando inquired, “Mr.
Clark, don’t you plan on approaching her?”
Matthew shook his head without breaking his gaze from Stella.
“I’ll just observe from here.
”
He feared that his presence would only exacerbate Stella’s distress.
Fernando’s brow furrowed.
He was dubious about the nature of Stella and Matthew’s relationship, but dared not probe further.
Amidst the tense atmosphere, the operating room door suddenly swung open.
Instead of Farris, two unfamiliar doctors emerged.
Upon seeing them, Stella approached hurriedly, asking, “How is the surgery progressing?”
Behind the surgical masks, the doctors’ expressions remained hidden, but their frown was evident.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“We encountered a complication during the surgery,” one of them announced gravely.
Stella’s complexion blanched instantly.
“What? What’s happened? My grandfather…”
“Please remain calm.
We have an issue with the surgical equipment that requires immediate attention,” the doctor replied before leaving with his colleague hastily.
Stella stumbled back, steadying herself against the wall.
A complication midway through surgery due to faulty equipment and she dreaded what might come next.
Chewing on her lower lip, she fixated her gaze on the operating room.
###chapter694
Her mind scrambled to think of anyone who could possibly help her.
Yet, aside from the medical professionals, no one could truly save Clint.
Standing at the doorway, Stella prayed silently.
Matthew, who had overheard the exchange between Stella and the doctor, tightened his lips and frowned.
After contemplating briefly, he directed Fernando in a hushed tone, “Find out what equipment those doctors require.
Then reach out to all hospitals in Seamarsh and arrange for the best equipment to be sent here immediately.
”
Without a moment’s hesitation, Fernando departed to fulfill the tasks.
Matthew lingered for a moment, staring at Stella’s isolated and vulnerable figure.
He couldn’t resist taking a step forward.
Stella bowed her head, awash in a sense of despair.
It wasn’t until a pair of polished leather shoes entered her line of vision that she finally lifted her head.
Upon seeing Matthew, her eyes brimmed over with tears.
“Grandpa…
Something went wrong during his surgery.
”
“I heard.
I’ve already dispatched someone to handle it,” Matthew reassured her softly.
His soothing voice always had a calming effect on her.
At this moment, all Stella wanted was for her grandfather’s operation to go smoothly.
She couldn’t be bothered with their past grievances.
“Thank you,” she whispered, almost inaudibly.
Noting that Stella’s reaction wasn’t as volatile as it had been before, Matthew felt a sense of relief wash over him.
Witnessing her uncertainty, his emotions were swirling.
After a few moments of weighted silence, he clasped Stella’s hand firmly within his own, “Stella, your grandpa will be alright.
”
The unexpected warmth from his grip caught Stella off guard.
However, she didn’t pull away, perhaps due to some indefinable sense of relief.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Soon after, the required medical equipment was rushed into the operating room.
Stella exhaled a sigh of relief.
She withdrew her hand, offered Matthew a grateful smile, and thanked him once more.
Matthew released his hold on her hand reluctantly.
“You don’t need to thank me.
There’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you.
”
###chapter695
His gaze was tender as it met hers.
Stella understood the unspoken sentiment.
She averted her eyes back to the operating room.
“My grandfather is still in surgery.
I can’t afford to focus on anything else.
You may go now.
”
Understanding Clint’s importance in Stella’s life, Matthew respected her wishes.
But before taking his leave, he conveyed his sentiment.
“I’ll be here, waiting for your forgiveness.
”
After Matthew’s departure, his words reverberated in Stella’s thoughts.
During this testing time, she often found herself contemplating.
Wasn’t Matthew’s position as a CEO an advantage over a common businessman?
Like now, when her grandfather was in a crisis, he resolved urgent matters effortlessly.
So, what could she complain about?
As Miley had put it, wasn’t this a win-win situation for everyone?
Upon deeper reflection, Stella recognized that her real issue was not with his professional status or his ability to solve problems.
What truly bothered her was his intentional deceit.
Two hours had passed.
The operation was finally over.
The doors slowly opened as Farris walked out, a tired look on his face.
Noticing him, Stella immediately got out of her chair.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“How is my grandpa?” Her voice cracked slightly.
Farris met her gaze and gave her a small smile.
“He’s fine.
The operation was a success.
He’s going to be discharged once he’s rested fully in a few days and after we’re done observing him.
You should go rest.
”
Stella sighed in relief, all the tension in her body immediately fading away.
She grabbed Farris’ hand in hers happily.
“Thank you so much, Dr.
Barnes.
”
###chapter696
Farris stared at their hands, slightly taken aback by her sudden action.
He looked up and stared into her eyes deeply.
Years ago, when she asked him to help her get a kite stuck in a tree, she had a pure and innocent look in her eyes.
So long had passed, yet she still had that look in her eyes.
“Do you want to come with me to my office?” Farris asked.
Startled, Stella blinked silently a few times.
Farris immediately realized how weird that sounded.
He let out a small cough to relieve the tension.
“You can come to my office since your grandpa hasn’t regained consciousness yet.
I’ll be able to discuss his condition with you.
”
He averted his gaze to the floor nervously.
“Oh, okay then,” Stella said lightly.
Farris nodded in response.
Stella trailed behind him as they walked into his office.
Farris poured a glass of warm water and passed it to Stella.
Then he casually walked over to the record player and turned it on.
The music was low and comforting.
Stella furrowed her brows slightly.
“Dr.
Barnes, we’re not going to talk about my grandpa’s condition?”
Was this just a weird habit he possessed?
Farris smiled lightly.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Your grandfather is fine.
We’re here to discuss you.
”
“Huh? Me?” Stella frowned in confusion.
“When was the last time you had a good sleep? The dark eye bags have become very visible.
Your grandpa isn’t going to wake up for a while.
You should rest here and wait and for him.
”
“But…” Stella started to refuse.
“No one will disturb you, rest assured.
” Without giving a chance to say anything, he picked up the medical record and walked out.
###chapter697
But…” Stella stood up quickly to go after him, but her head began to spin instantly.
She sat down, trying to regain her balance.
After a few seconds, she finally recovered.
Farris was right.
She hadn’t actually slept properly for the past few days.
She needed to rest if she didn’t want to worry Clint when he woke up.
Finally giving in, Stella lay down for a short nap.
Hours passed and Stella finally woke up.
She checked the time and immediately jumped up in shock.
How was it so late already?
She hurriedly walked to Clint’s ward.
She arrived at the door and fixed her hair.
She was about to push the door open when the scene inside caught her attention.
She quietly stared inside the room through the small window on the door.
Farris and Clint were talking, they were smiling gently as they spoke.
Farris was no longer in his white hospital coat.
He was now wearing a navy blue shirt.
He looked nice.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella pushed the door open gently and walked in.
She quickly averted her gaze from Farris’s, feeling slightly embarrassed.
“Dr.
Barnes.
”
She walked up to Clint slowly.
“You need to rest, Grandpa.
You just woke up.
And I’m sure Dr.
Barnes has some work to do.
”
Farris quickly intervened.
“It’s fine, my working hours are up.
” He turned to her gently.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Did you get enough sleep?”
Stella nodded slightly as she smiled sheepishly.
Clint said, “I woke up a while ago.
Dr.
Barnes told me that he asked you to rest.
He’s been keeping me company since then.
He’s a very good person.
”
“It’s alright.
It’s my duty to look after you as your doctor,”
Farris said humbly.
Clint and Stella were too focused on each other to pay serious attention to what Farris had said.
“Stella.
” Clint stared at Stella warmly.
“Go home.
Take a shower, rest.
You’ve been at the hospital for so long.
You’re still in the same clothes.
The nurses will take care of me.
”
Matthew had called him a few minutes ago, asking him to send Stella home.
Clint was mot going to miss an opportunity to get them together.
###chapter698
“Okay fine.
I’ll be back, Grandpa.
”
Farris turned to Clint.
“I’ll head home now; it’s getting late.
I’l come see you tomorrow.
”
“Okay.
Goodbye,” Clint said as she smiled warmly.
Farris walked over to Stella.
“Come on, I’ll drive you.
”
Stella declined politely.
“There’s no need to inconvenience yourself, Dr.
Barnes.
I can easily hail a taxi home.
”
She had spent the entire afternoon in Farris’ office, leaving him to engage her grandfather in conversation after his workday ended.
She felt it would be inappropriate to further monopolize his time.
Farris said in a low voice, “I have something to tell you.
”
The solemnity in his tone made Stella’s heart race.
Instantly, her thoughts raced to her grandfather’s health.
Believing time was of the essence, she promptly followed Farris.
As they left the hospital room, Stella inquired in a low voice, “Dr.
Barnes, is this about my grandfather’s condition? Is he…”
“No,” Farris interjected.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He paused his stride and turned to Stella, stating, “There’s another matter I’d like to discuss with you.
”
He took a deep breath, hesitating as he chose his words carefully.
Stella’s patience waned.
“What is it, Dr.
Barnes?”
Summoning his courage, Farris finally spoke.
“Stella, could you free up two hours for me tomorrow?”
Bewildered, Stella questioned, “Is there some sort of emergency?”
“Tomorrow marks the birthday of a colleague of mine.
” Farris observed her face carefully.
“Can I invite you to be my companion and join me for the birthday party?”
###chapter699
“Is that really appropriate?” Stella was instinctively skeptical.
She had never heard of anyone needing a plus-one to a birthday party.
The request seemed oddly specific.
Moreover, she had only known Farris for a couple of days, and their relationship was strictly professional; he was her grandfather’s doctor.
It didn’t seem fitting for her to attend a personal event.
Irrespective of Farris’ motives, Stella felt compelled to make things clear.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Dr.
Barnes, I’m sorry, but you should seek someone else.
” I’m not comfortable with this proposal.
I already have…”
Before she could mention her husband, Farris cut her off.
“I understand the awkwardness of my request,” Farris admitted, his eyes downcast and a trace of embarrassment on his lips.
“You see, the guest list includes my former department head, who’s always pressuring me to find a girlfriend.
I’m too swamped with work to give it any attention.
I was hoping you could help me dodge this particular bullet.
”
Still uneasy, Stella hesitated.
“But…”
“Don’t worry.
It’s just a dinner, and you won’t have any further obligations afterward.
Rest assured, your grandfather will continue to receive top-notch care,” Farris assured her.
“Initially, I had no intention of going, but I felt compelled to attend.
In my urgency, you were the first person who sprang to mind.
”
Stella was reluctant, but seeing the earnest look in Farris’s eyes, she found herself unable to refuse.
After all, Farris was Clint’s chief physician, and she anticipated numerous instances where his expertise would be invaluable.
Considering it was merely a dinner and a minor favor to her, Stella felt that it was the appropriate decision.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a moment of contemplation, Stella finally conceded.
“Alright.
”
Farris’s eyes lit up at her agreement, and he said with gratitude, “Thank you.
I promise it won’t take more than two hours of your time.
”
“I’m happy to assist,” Stella responded graciously.
Farris didn’t elaborate further.
Upon reaching Prosper Bay, Stella was about to step out of the car when Farris halted her.
“Hold on, I have something for you.
”
He leaned towards the back seat and retrieved a bag.
###chapter700
Handing it to her, Stella saw that it contained a cup of milk tea, catching her off guard.
Farris grinned.
“I noticed you didn’t eat much today.
Low blood sugar could lead to fainting.
So, I got you some milk tea.
”
His unexpected thoughtfulness left Stella a bit disconcerted.
“Take it,” Farris pressed, extending the bag towards her.
“Think of it as a small thank-you for agreeing to accompany me.
”
At this juncture, Stella found it difficult to say no.
She expressed her thanks and accepted the milk tea.
As she scrutinized his features, an inexplicable sense of familiarity washed over her.
Unable to hold back her curiosity, she asked, “Dr.
Barnes, have we met before?”
A flicker of surprise crossed Farris’ face, his eyes brimming with anticipation.
However, he composed himself and inquired cautiously, “Have you remembered something, Stella?”
Stella locked eyes with him for a moment longer, then shook her head, wearing a strained smile.
“I must have confused you with someone else.
Did we know each other before, Dr.
Barnes?”
Her gaze met his, puzzled.
A tinge of disappointment clouded Farris’ expression as he averted his eyes.
He had hoped Stella would remember him without his having to tell her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Yet, by all appearances, she had forgotten their shared history.
Forcing a smile, Farris said, “Perhaps I bear a striking resemblance to someone you know, so you mistook him for me.
”
To alleviate the awkwardness, Stella chuckled.
She picked up her milk tea and said, “Thanks for the milk tea.
I should be going now.
Take care on your way home.
”
“Of course,” Farris responded.
“Get some rest.
”
They bid each other farewell.
After watching Stella disappear into her villa, Farris drove off,
###chapter701
Upon entering the living room, Stella found all the lights on, but there was no sign of Miley.
She frowned in confusion and called, “Miley, are you back?”
There was no response.
An odd feeling crept over Stella as she moved further into the room, the rich aroma of food filling the air.
Grinning, she headed to the kitchen.
“Miley, are you cooking?”
But the kitchen was empty.
A collection of dishes sat on the table, their inviting smells wafting through the air.
Stella’s stomach rumbled in response.
She patted her belly and approached the table.
Each dish was among her favorites.
Apparently, Miley had practiced a lot and honed her culinary skills during Stella’s absence.
With a knowing smile, Stella set her milk tea aside and took a seat.
She grasped her utensils, preparing to dig in, when her eyes caught sight of a sandwich next to her.
In contrast to the other sumptuous dishes, the sandwich appeared rather simple.
That seemed more like something Miley would make.
Curious, Stella picked up the sandwich and took a bite.
Her eyebrows lifted in pleasant surprise.
It was unexpectedly tasty.
As she continued eating, she texted Miley to inquire about her whereabouts.
But after waiting for a while, there was no reply.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Before she knew it, she had gobbled off the entire sandwich.
Just as she was about to dispose of the wrapper, she noticed a small note tucked beneath it.
The sight of the familiar handwriting nearly stopped her heart.
“An apology gift.
”
Stella froze.
Her eyes darted to the dishes spread out before her.
Had Matthew prepared all of this?
###chapter702
When had he been in her home?
She scanned the room instinctively but found no sign of him, allowing her to exhale a sigh of relief.
Regaining her composure, she promptly dialed Miley’s number, desperate for answers.
Just as she hit call, a familiar ringtone echoed through the apartment, followed by the sound of a closing door.
Exiting the kitchen, Stella found Miley walking in from outside.
She hung up the phone and blurted out, “Miley, did you invite Matthew into our home? Did he cook all those dishes on the dining table?”
When confronted with Stella’s relentless questioning, Miley looked away guiltily.
Confronted by Stella’s skeptical gaze, Miley hesitated briefly before admitting, “I didn’t want Matthew to come either, but…”
Sensing Stella’s growing discontent, Miley paused for a second, then went on, “Lately, he’s been either visiting you in the hospital or coming here to pester me.
He mentioned you haven’t been eating well, so he wanted to cook dinner for you.
”
“Miley, how could you.
“Don’t be angry, please.
” Miley hastily reassured Stella.
“I honestly didn’t want him in our home either.
But when a CEO humbles himself to ask for a favor, it’s hard to say no.
”
Catching Stella’s softened expression, Miley led her to the refrigerator and opened the door.
Inside, a bounty of fresh vegetables, meats, and fruits awaited.
She and Miley rarely dined at home, and they didn’t stock an abundance of food ingredients in the fridge.
Stella looked at Miley in confusion.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Why do we have all this food?”
With a sigh, Miley explained, “Matthew had these delivered.
He knew you’ve been stressed and not eating well in the hospital.
He wanted you to have whatever you felt Like eating when you got home.
”
Stella clenched her fists, unable to find the words.
Miley sensed Stella’s inner turmoil but also recognized Matthew’s genuine concern for her.
She remained determined to assist the two in resolving their conflict to the best of her ability.
“Honestly, aside from hiding his identity, Matthew has been good to you.
”
Stella remained silent, yet her reaction wasn’t as hostile as before when Matthew was mentioned.
Pushing gently, Miley advised, “You once told me Matthew treated you well.
Perhaps what you both need is an open conversation.
Regardless of the outcome, you should at least hear him out.
”
###chapter703
Stella still didn’t respond.
Sensing the need for Stella to reflect, Miley refrained from further persuasion.
She lightly patted Stella’s shoulder and suggested, “Take your time to think it over.
Ultimately, make a choice that brings you peace and happiness.
”
At Miley’s words, Stella began to ponder deeply.
Her union with Matthew had been orchestrated by their families, devoid of love.
Now, she understood why Matthew had initially concealed his identity.
How could two people from disparate worlds build trust when shackled by an arbitrary engagement?
But Stella didn’t crave the title of CEO’s wife.
She longed for a simple marriage and a lifelong companion.
Could Matthew be that man?
He was always surrounded by temptation.
Could he love her forever?
Stella harbored uncertainties about their marriage and their future life.
Shaking off her reverie, she exited the kitchen and told Miley, “If you can’t finish all this food, feel free to share it with friends or colleagues.
The milk tea on the table is yours too.
I’m going to freshen up and then head to the hospital.
I’ll be staying with my grandpa for the next few days, so don’t wait up for me.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Stella…” As soon as Miley called her, her phone rang.
Miley’s words were cut short by the ringing of her phone.
It was Matthew calling.
By the time she looked up again, Stella had vanished.
“Did she eat?” Matthew inquired as soon as Miley answered.
Glancing at the table laden with food, Miley responded, “She had the sandwich, but there’s still plenty left.
”
Matthew’s sigh of relief was noticeable even through the phone.
“Did she say anything else?” Matthew asked.
Miley hesitated, unsure how to encapsulate her earlier conversation with Stella.
Her silence spoke volumes.
“I understand,” Matthew said, his tone tinged with sadness.
“Please look after her for me.
If she needs anything, let me know.
”
“Okay,” Miley said.
###chapter704
The next afternoon at five, Stella assisted Clint with his personal care before leaving the hospital room.
Stepping outside the hospital entrance, she found Farris already waiting.
Dressed in a tailored suit, he exuded a gentle, handsome air.
Stella approached, and Farris opened the car door for her.
She slightly bowed, thanked him and got in the car.
Noticing Stella’s evident nervousness, Farris sought to reassure her.
“It’s just dinner.
I’ve arranged for a nurse to look after your grandfather.
I’ll have you back here in two hours.
”
Stella nodded.
The dinner was set at Seamarsh Hotel.
Upon arrival, Farris led Stella to a private dining room.
He swung the door open to reveal a lively gathering of men and women.
‘s BunnyBookery
As Stella followed Farris in, her eyes landed on the man at the center of the room, ensconced on a plush sofa.
Her heart skipped a beat.
Matthew was also here.
Dressed in a meticulously tailored black suit and a high-end shirt to match, Matthew emanated an aura of unattainable sophistication.
He was a beacon of elegance amidst a sea of people.
At that instant, his eyes met Stella’s.
His gaze was piercing and icy, imposing an intangible weight upon her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Instinctively, Stella felt the urge to flee the room.
Had she known Matthew would be present, she would never have agreed to accompany Farris.
Just as she was about to retreat, Farris placed a firm hand on her shoulder, gently propelling her forward.
Leaning in, his voice barely audible, Farris assured her, “Don’t worry.
These people are all friends of mine.
They’re easygoing and won’t give you a hard time.
Trust me, I’ve got your back.
”
Stella was so overwhelmed that his words barely registered in her thoughts.
She allowed herself to be guided further into the room.
Matthew observed the closeness between Stella and Farris, his grip on his wine glass involuntarily tightening.
Today was Cordell’s birthday.
Matthew had initially planned to skip the celebration due to his recent fallout with Stella.
However, Cordell’s relentless persuasion had finally swayed him to attend.
###chapter705
Matthew had intended to head to the hospital right after finishing his wine, but he hadn’t anticipated encountering the woman he longed for, standing beside another man and appearing irresistibly enticing.
Matthew’s expression darkened.
Was Stella deliberately trying to provoke his jealousy, or had she genuinely moved on and found someone new?
A fire of rage ignited within him, but recognizing that this was Cordell’s special day, he suppressed his anger.
The people in the room were unaware of the connection between Matthew and Stella, and thus, they remained oblivious to Matthew’s expression upon seeing her.
The guests simply assumed there was something romantic going on between Stella and Farris.
“What a rare sight! This is the first time Farris has brought a lady to our get-together, and she’s quite the looker.
You’ve kept this well-hidden, Farris.
”
Casting them a glance devoid of intimidation, Farris retorted, “Don’t jump to conclusions.
We’re just good friends.
”
Yet, mo one took his seriously.
The room buzzed with knowing looks and increasingly audible whispers.
Just as Stella was grappling with her emotions, a resonant voice emerged from the crowd, bringing an immediate hush.
“Everyone, let’s settle down.
We rarely get Farris to join us.
Let’s not scare him away.
”
Stella’s eyes darted to the source of the voice, and she became more flustered.
It was Cordell.
In a daze, she heard Farris offer his birthday wishes.
“Happy birthday, Cordell.
”
Only then did it dawn on Stella that the celebration was in honor of Cordell, which explained Matthew’s presence.
But the coincidence seemed almost too surreal.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With a half-smile, Cordell looked at Stella but addressed Farris.
“Why don’t you introduce us to your friend?”
Oblivious to Cordell’s cryptic expression, Farris responded succinctly, “This is Stella Anderson, a friend of mine.
”
“Nice to meet you, Miss Anderson.
” Cordell greeted her cordially.
Feeling a blend of embarrassment, awkwardness, and a touch of guilt, Stella nodded slightly, offering no words.
Seizing the moment, Farris spoke for her.
“She’s a bit shy.
We’ll go sit over there, if you don’t mind.
”
“Sure,” Cordell answered before moving on.
###chapter706
Stella lowered her gaze and followed Farris to a sofa in a corner.
Despite the physical distance between her and Matthew, she couldn’t shake the feeling that his eyes were relentlessly tracking her, sending chills down her spine.
After an uneasy stretch of silence, Stella considered fabricating a reason to leave early.
Just then, a woman took a seat beside her.
Before Stella could react, the woman offered a warm but somewhat forced smile and introduced herself.
“Hi, I’m Mina Hughes, a college friend of Farris.
”
Adorned in a white dress with her hair flowing elegantly, Mina wore subtle makeup and a smile that appeared pleasant but didn’t quite reach her eyes.
Responding with decorum, Stella said, “Nice to meet you.
I’m Stella Anderson.
”
Mina then swiveled her head to lock eyes with Farris, her tone imbued with an extraordinary softness.
“Farris.
”
Farris briefly met her gaze, offering a slight nod but withholding words.
His family had a longstanding connection with Mina’s family, and his mother had always been enthusiastic about arranging a match between him and Mina.
He was well aware of Mina’s affection for him.
But he had made it explicitly clear in the past that he was uninterested and had no intention of hurting her.
Now, after meeting Stella, he was even more resolved to extinguish any lingering hopes Mina might harbor.
At that moment, a voice piped up, “Since we’re all gathered for Cordell’s birthday, merely sitting around seems uninspiring.
Why don’t we play a game?”
Another voice instantly chimed in, “Absolutely, let’s make it exciting!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Cordell asked casually, “What game are we playing?”
Mina promptly rose to her feet, declaring, “The King’s Game.
We all know the rules.
”
“Sounds good!” The consensus was unanimous.
While others engaged in the game, Matthew Lounged on a plush leather sofa, legs elegantly crossed.
His sculpted features partially obscured by dim lighting.
Even with just a cursory glance at the group, he radiated an air of innate superiority.
Stella whispered softly, “I’m not familiar with the game.
You go ahead, I’ll just watch.
”
The game still had a few more hours to go, and she was eager to seize an opportunity to excuse herself.
Nonetheless, Cordell had already instructed a waiter to fetch a deck of cards.
###chapter707
“The rules are straightforward.
The one who draws the King of Hearts can command two players to perform a task.
Refusal means you have to down three glasses of wine.
”
Stella considered declining, but before she could, Farris gently gripped her arm, reassuring her, “It’s fine.
If you’re not comfortable participating, I’ll take the drinks for you.
”
Stella had intended to explain that it wasn’t due to this reason, but when she noticed everyone’s expectant gaze fixed on her, she found it difficult to utter a refusal.
Gathering her courage, she opted to join the game.
After shuffling the deck, Cordell began distributing the cards.
Stella gazed at the cards, her heart pounding with apprehension.
She stole a glance at Matthew, who remained silent throughout.
In Matthew’s unpredictable presence, she couldn’t fathom what might unfold.
She prayed for a swift conclusion to the game.
And so, the game commenced.
In the inaugural round, Mina’s friend, Valeria emerged as the king.
Elated, she called out, “Whoever has the three of spades must ki*s the cheek of the holder of the seven of diamonds.
”
Upon hearing the instruction, everyone hastily examined their cards.
Relieved by the card in her hand, Stella exhaled a quiet sigh.
However, the expression on Farris’ face darkened.
“I have the three of spades,” Mina announced, her voice tinged with a hint of bashfulness.
The room buzzed, “So, who has the seven of diamonds?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Without a word, Farris reached for a bottle of wine, methodically filling his glass before downing three consecutive shots.
His fluent movements had already shown the answer.
Mina felt a wave of embarrassment.
While the room felt a tinge of awkwardness, someone tried to Lighten the mood.
“Farris is just shy, you know!”
Matthew’s gaze swept the room, finally resting on Stella, who sat isolated in a corner.
Leaning in, Cordell whispered, “Farris was my college classmate.
He’s impeccably talented and irresistibly charming.
You should be more careful.
”
Before he could finish, he sensed a newfound coldness emanating from Matthew.
###chapter708
“Shall we resume the game?” Cordell proposed, a forced smile tugging at his lips.
Another round kicked off.
This time, Mina seized the role of king.
She shot a wary glance at Farris before declaring, “Whoever holds the two of hearts must propose to the one with the three of hearts.
”
“Seriously? Are you kidding me?” A few people grumbled, but nevertheless inspected their cards.
An impatient voice called out, “So, who’s got the two of hearts and the three of hearts?”
Stella peered at her card.
It was the three of hearts.
A flutter of nerves struck her, but she reminded herself she could always opt for the wine.
“I have the three of hearts,” Stella announced, showing her card.
Farris narrowed his eyes, formulating a thought.
“If you don’t want to go through with this, I’ll drink for you.
”
Stella bit her lip but remained silent.
Another asked, “Alright, then who has the two of hearts?”
Cordell took a cursory look at his card, his eyebrows knitting together upon seeing the two of hearts.
He was about to admit and accept his fate.
However, in an unexpected move, the card was plucked from his grasp.
Rising to his feet, Matthew locked eyes with Stella and declared, in a voice both sultry and commanding, “I have the two of hearts.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The room fell silent, and Stella looked on in disbelief.
After a brief pause, Cordell snapped back to reality and broke into a grin.
He couldn’t fathom how Matthew had remained impassive the entire evening.
Mina couldn’t help but gloat at the situation.
Whispering to Valeria, she said, “Matthew is a married man.
There’s no way he would publicly propose to another woman.
Stella will have no choice but to drink.
”
The room seemed to echo her thoughts.
Ignoring the collective gaze, Matthew made his way towards Stella.
“amazing!” Cordell led the applause, and others joined in.
With each step Matthew took, Stella felt increasingly anxious.
###chapter709
She instinctively took a step back, but found herself boxed in, flanked by guests and a sofa cushion.
There was nowhere to go.
It wasn’t until Matthew stood before her that Stella finally mustered the courage to speak, her voice quivering.
“What are you doing?”
Amidst the subdued Lighting, the man dressed in obsidian black flashed a gentle smile.
“Naturally, I’m here to carry out the punishment.
”
The crowd erupted in cheers.
As their eyes met, Matthew’s gaze was filled with warmth and love.
Farris knit his brows, his eyes darting between the two.
He was puzzled to see the tension between them.
Before he could voice his questions, Matthew began to kneel.
But at the same time, Stella rose abruptly.
“I’m sorry,” she said, her tone grave.
“I’ll take the drink.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
The cheers dissolved into an awkward silence.
Avoiding Matthew’s gaze, Stella lifted her glass resolutely.
“Mr.
Clark is married.
Let’s not make this more complicated for him.
”
After downing three consecutive shots, Stella set her glass on the table.
“I have other matters to attend to.
Please, continue without me.
I’m leaving.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As soon as the words left her mouth, she pushed through the door and exited.
Matthew wasted no time and followed Stella out.
Farris rose to his feet, intending to go after Stella, but found himself restrained by a grasp on his arm.
Turning, he was met with Cordell’s unreadable expression.
“What do you think you’re doing, Cordell?” Farris asked, his tone icy.
“Someone has already gone after her.
Stick around and celebrate my birthday,” Cordell replied.
Stella raced through the corridors of Seamarsh Hotel, her pace frantic, as though some monstrous figure loomed behind her.
Regret filled her with each step.
She regretted attending the party with Farris.
She should have known better.
Seamarsh was a big city, but the occasion was too specific.
It was all too easy to run into Matthew, and now she’d put herself in a difficult situation.
###chapter710
Caught up in her thoughts and hindered by the dim lighting, Stella didn’t notice a loose stone on her path.
Her foot hit the stone, and her ankle twisted painfully.
Just as she was about to topple over, a strong grip steadied her by the waist.
Matthew’s voice, tinged with concern, sounded from above her.
“Are you okay?”
“This is none of your concern,” Stella retorted, struggling to free herself from his hold.
Frustrated, she punched him on the shoulder.
“Let go, Matthew.
Don’t touch me!”
Matthew tightened his grip for a moment, his voice heavy with emotion.
“Stella, listen to me.
My love for you is genuine.
I truly wanted to propose to you tonight.
”
Stella’s voice was unwavering as she shot back, “Let go of me, you jerk! Stay away from me…”
Fearing she might injure herself further, Matthew finally released his hold.
“Alright, I’ll let you go.
Just don’t hurt yourself.
Can we talk, Stella?”
Stella broke away from his arms and walked ahead without looking back at him.
Matthew was momentarily stunned before following Stella.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
However, cautious not to incite Stella’s ire further, he maintained a careful distance of a few paces.
Aware of his measured footsteps, Stella realized he was following her.
Yet, emotionally spent from a nerve-wracking night, she lacked the energy to confront him.
Feeling drained and defeated, Stella finally relented.
If he insisted on following her, then so be it.
Just then, her phone buzzed with a new message.
It was from Farris, inquiring about her whereabouts.
Halting in her tracks, Stella composed a courteous reply.
“I’ve made it back to the hospital.
Don’t worry about me.
Please enjoy celebrating your friend’s birthday.
”
After sending the message, she was about to stow her phone back in her purse when a raindrop splashed onto the screen.
Looking up, Stella noted the sky had begun to drizzle.
Casting her gaze around to find shelter from the rain, she spotted a dessert shop across the street.
###chapter711
She quickened her pace towards it.
Upon entering, Stella shook the rain from her coat and approached the counter.
“Hello, I’d like a Gateau Basque, please.
”
No sooner had she finished speaking than the sound of the door closing echoed behind her.
Without turning around, Stella settled the bill and took a seat.
The proprietor greeted the new entrant warmly.
“Sir, what can I get you?”
Matthew glanced at Stella for a brief moment before shaking his head.
“Nothing, I’m just waiting for my wife.
”
Though she kept her head lowered, Stella’s eyelids fluttered ever so slightly at his words.
Catching Matthew’s lingering gaze, the shop owner instantly grasped the situation.
“Please, have a seat.
Your cake will be out shortly.
”
Matthew nodded and took the seat adjacent to Stella’s.
There was a table between the two of them.
Both were silent, wrapped in their own thoughts.
Matthew’s eyes were trained on Stella, who seemed lost in contemplation.
When the cake arrived, accompanied by two forks, the shop owner sensed the tension and retreated tactfully.
Stella glanced at the extra fork and felt a bit awkward.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She picked up one of them and took a bite of the cake.
Out of the corner of her eye, Stella noticed Matthew was still watching her, raindrops evident on his dark shirt.
Recalling Matthew’s earlier confession, something within Stella began to soften.
She hesitated for a few moments before picking up another plate.
Carefully, she sliced the cake in half, placed a second fork alongside one portion, and set the plate in front of Matthew.
“Let’s share.
”
Her face was devoid of emotion, her voice equally flat.
Yet, this simple act caught Matthew off guard.
###chapter712
He looked up at Stella and smiled appreciatively.
“Alright, thank you.
”
It was the first time in days she had spoken to him without a cloud of tension, and he felt genuinely grateful.
Taking a forkful of cake, Matthew savored the bite.
Although not usually a fan of desserts, he found this piece of cake particularly delectable.
In truth, if Stella were open to forgiving him, he would be willing to eat it even if she gave him poison.
They ate the cake in silence.
The moment Stella set down her fork, Matthew followed suit.
Carefully, he broke the silence.
“Stella, there’s something I need to discuss with you.
”
She turned to meet his gaze.
Under the bright lighting, eye contact felt uncomfortably intimate.
After a mere two seconds, she looked away, maintaining her composed tone.
“Go on.
”
He looked earnestly at her.
“Have you really decided to draw the line between us?”
Stella clenched her fists and nodded.
Looking at her, Matthew opened his mouth.
But ultimately, no words came out.
When he was at a loss, Stella said, “I don’t know how to face you anymore, or even how to address you.
Should I call you Matthew or Maverick”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Her voice tinged with a mixture of confusion and vulnerability.
Having worked with Matthew for a year, she always thought of him as her boss.
She had never expected that the same man would one day turn out to be her husband.
Matthew pursed his lips.
After a protracted pause, he began speaking.
“I know I should have been honest with you, but I’ve seen you in danger multiple times and felt that I could only tell you the truth after ensuring your safety.
”
Stella fixed her eyes on him.
###chapter713
“So you waited for someone else to reveal the truth before you did? You orchestrated a family-wide charade at my expense?”
Realizing the depth of his mistake, Matthew looked away.
A weighty silence hung between them before he mustered the courage to grasp Stella’s wrist.
“Stella, can you truly not find it in your heart to forgive me?”
Stella’s gaze dropped to the hand that held her wrist firmly.
Matthew’s palm emanated a gentle warmth, while the callouses on his fingertips softly grazed her skin.
Gently retracting her wrist, Stella took a measured breath, fighting to control the wave of emotions threatening to overwhelm her.
She said his name with a hint of hesitation.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Matthew…”
Perhaps it was the gravity in her voice that made Matthew feel tensed.
He met her gaze cautiously and said in a deep, resonant tone, “You can speak freely.
”
For a brief moment, Stella studied his face intently.
His eyes seemed like a quiet ocean, their depths unfathomable.
Despite Matthew’s recent overtures, indicating his desire to mend their broken marriage, forgiveness wasn’t something she could give easily.
“Matthew.
” Stella broke the brief silence, voicing her lingering thoughts.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I need time to adapt to this new revelation about your identity.
As for what’s next, I don’t want to think about it for now.
Can we just take things slowly?”
Hearing her, Matthew felt a surge of relief wash over him.
Though he was eager to integrate Stella into the Clark family and publicly acknowledge her, he managed to quell his impatience.
He understood that Stella needed time to come to terms with the newfound change in his identity.
At least, she was willing to share her thoughts with him tonight.
He believed that with patience and effort, she would eventually return to him.
Mathew looked at her with an unwavering gaze.
His eyes were filled with tender warmth.
“Okay, I promise,” he assured her.
Stella didn’t say anything.
###chapter714
Matthew personally drove her to the hospital, not leaving until he saw her disappear into her ward.
As Stella opened the door, she was surprised to find Clint still awake.
“Grandpa, why are you still up?” she asked as she approached him.
Compared to the heavy aura that had weighed her down before she left the hospital, Stella now seemed noticeably more at ease, her steps lighter.
“I’ve been reading,” Clint answered succinctly, setting his book aside.
His eyes scanned the space behind Stella, a flicker of disappointment crossing his features.
Stella caught the subtle shift in his expression.
Understanding the unspoken question on his mind, she took the initiative.
“Grandpa, Matthew and I still need time to adapt to the change in our circumstances.
Please, focus on your own well-being and try not to worry about us.
”
Clint examined Stella’s face before speaking.
“Tell me, is it Matthew’s deceit that bothers you, or is it his identity?”
Caught off guard, Stella hesitated.
Truthfully, she wasn’t sure.
Sensing her uncertainty, Clint offered earnestly, “If it’s the lies that trouble you, you can give him time to prove he’s worth your trust.
”
Stella pursed her lips and said nothing.
Not pressing for an immediate response, Clint continued, “And if it’s his identity that concerns you…”
He paused, grasping Stella’s hand and patting it reassuringly.
“Know that you are an exceptional woman in your own right.
You’re in no way inferior to Matthew.
”
Stella felt a warm surge of emotion as she looked up at Clint.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She opened her mouth but found no words to adequately express her gratitude.
Clint smiled softly, comforting her further.
“Stella, pay heed to your own feelings.
If Matthew is the one you love, then don’t hold back.
Be courageous enough to be with him.
”
The next day…
In Prosperity Group…
Fernando stood in front Matthew’s desk with a document in hand.
###chapter715
“We recently designed a dress for Mrs.
Burke.
Thanks to her endorsement, the company Launched a successful promotion.
As a result, Prosperity Group has realized significant profits, and the bonus distribution has been approved.
”
He paused, discreetly studying Matthew’s face for a reaction.
Matthew, however, kept his eyes closed, his expression unchanging.
Taking this as a cue, Fernando ventured cautiously, “Mr.
Clark, should I allocate a portion of the bonus to Stella? Even though she’s resigned, she was the chief designer for Mrs.
Burke’s project.
”
Before he could elaborate further, Matthew’s eyes snapped open.
In an neutral tone, he declared, “Allocate the maximum proportions of the bonus to her account.
”
Caught off guard, Fernando quickly grasped the implications and nodded.
“Some of Stella’s belongings are still in the design department.
They’ve been boxed up.
Should we ask her to collect them, or shall we deliver them to her?”
Matthew drummed his fingers on the table, a subtle frown creasing his brow.
“I’ll take them to her,” he finally said.
Fernando, aware of Matthew’s feelings for Stella, had anticipated this response.
“I’ll bring you the boxed items right away,” he confirmed.
After Matthew’s nod of approval, Fernando exited the office and returned shortly with Stella’s belongings.
Most of her personal items had already been collected by Miley, leaving only a few odds and ends, and things Miley probably deemed unimportant.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew eyed the cardboard box, then dialed Stella.
“You’ve got some belongings left at the company.
I’ll bring them over.
Are you home?”
“I’m heading to Miley’s office,” Stella replied, slightly out of breath, as she was walking.
“If it’s convenient for you, just send them to Miley’s company.
”
“Okay.
” Matthew agreed.
After ending the call, he donned his suit jacket and exited the office, box in tow.
As he stepped through the doorway, he encountered Neville.
Neville appeared momentarily startled but quickly reverted to his usual insouciant demeanor.
“Planning an escape with that box?” he quipped.
###chapter716
Ignoring the jibe, Matthew proceeded down the hall.
“Where are you headed?” Neville inquired, tagging along.
Upon reaching the elevator, Neville pressed the button for Matthew.
“To Miley’s office, Matthew answered tersely.
“I’m delivering some things to Stella.
”
The mention of Miley’s name piqued Neville’s interest.
“Mind if I join you?” he proposed, grinning.
In Miley’s office, a middle-aged man lounged in her chair, legs casually crossed atop her desk.
He was Healy Diaz, her landlord.
Resting his hands on his belly, Healy grinned.
“Miss Cullen, your company’s rent is due in a week.
Planning to renew?”
Miley bristled at his insolence but held her tongue, given his position as the landlord.
“Yes, I’ll be transferring the funds to your account in a few days.
Would you mind leaving now?”
Healy lowered his feet and retorted, “Ah, but the rent isn’t the same as last year.
You’ll need to add another million.
”
“What? Unbelievable!” Miley exclaimed, eyes widening in disbelief.
“Are you insane? A million-dollar rent increase for this year?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“If you can’t afford it, you could always vacate.
Or…” Healy smirked lasciviously, fixing his gaze on her.
“You could let me borrow some of your models for entertainment.
”
Miley’s face flushed with anger.
She hadn’t anticipated that the seemingly amiable man would harbor such a crude side.
“How dare you! If you harass my employees, I’ll have you behind bars!”
Incensed, Miley flushed a deep red.
“You’re in over your head,” Healy snarled.
“Are you aware that you’ve stirred up significant trouble? Now, you’d best heed my words.
If you can’t settle a year’s worth of rent today, you need to vacate this place immediately.
”
Miley pieced it together instantly.
###chapter717
Healy was in cahoots with Jaden.
Previously, she had incurred Jaden’s wrath.
They didn’t have the courage to seek retribution against Matthew, so they resorted to threatening her about raising the rent.
Realizing she was cornered, she suppressed her rage.
“The deadline isn’t until next week.
”
Healy huffed, “This is my property, and I say you’ll pay today!”
Just then, the office door swung open.
Neville strode in, arms folded.
“Mr.
Diaz, your voice carries.
It’s ungentlemanly to bully a woman, don’t you think?”
Matthew stood next to Neville.
His icy demeanor alone was enough to unsettle Healy.
Healy sensed that the identities of these two men were far from ordinary, yet he remained determined not to lose face.
He swallowed hard and said, “Who are you? This is my place.
What’s wrong with raising rent on my own property?”
“Intimidating her is where you crossed the line,” Neville shot back, undeterred.
“Apologize.
”
Bolstered by Neville and Matthew’s arrival, Miley recounted Healy’s offensive proposition.
She told them the nasty things Healy just said to her.
“Miley Cullen!” Healy roared.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What lies are you spouting?”
He raised his hand to strike Miley, but before he could, a powerful kick sent him sprawling to the floor.
Neville glared at the crumpled figure.
“Leave.
Now.
Or I’ll see to it you don’t have a roof over your head.
”
No longer the casual joker he usually was, Neville’s visage was steely and resolute.
Healy clutched his chest, struggling to his feet.
Without a word, he cast a malevolent look at Miley and ran away as fast as he could.
Stella burst through the door, immediately locking eyes with a scowling Healy.
Healy huffed, clutching his chest as he left.
###chapter718
Rushing inside, Stella went straight to Miley.
“Are you all right?
Did Healy hurt you? Should we call the police?
Miley shook her head.
“I’m fine, thanks to the timely intervention of Mr.
Clark and Mr.
Pierce.
”
At this, Stella finally noticed Matthew and Neville standing off to the side.
Matthew held a cardboard box, presumably containing her personal items.
Recalling his earlier phone conversation, Stella said, “I appreciate your help with Miley.
Just set my things down, please.
Stella’s words made Matthew grip the cardboard box even tighter, a gesture that didn’t go unnoticed by Miley.
So Matthew and Stella were still not getting along.
Miley bit her lip, contemplating briefly.
“It’s getting late.
Allow me to treat you both to lunch as a token of my gratitude.
”
After making her offer, she shot a knowing wink at Neville.
Catching her cue, Neville chimed in, “Great, let’s go to Luking Restaurant.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley’s smile faltered.
Luking Restaurant was a renowned Michelin three-star establishment in Seamarsh.
She had wanted to alleviate the tension, not to empty her wallet.
With a roll of her eyes and a clenched jaw, she retorted, “You certainly have expensive taste.
”
Neville arched an eyebrow, replying, “Naturally.
I did save you a million with just a few words, after all.
”
Caught off guard, Miley was momentarily speechless.
Neville had a point.
Struggling for a response, she could only mutter through gritted teeth.
“Thank you.
”
Neville grinned.
Teasing her had its own rewards, it seemed.
Their light banter helped to defuse the atmosphere.
Seeing this, Stella interjected, “Well, considering Mr.
Pierce’s huge assistance, it’s only fitting that we treat him to a lavish meal.
”
###chapter719
“Stella, your generosity knows no bounds,” Neville complimented, sealing the agreement.
Stella’s cheeks flushed a deep rose.
“Let’s go.
” Matthew said, walking off.
The group headed toward the elevator, descending to the parking lot.
Stella got into Miley’s car.
Matthew appeared to deliberately hold her back, but recalling Stella’s words from the previous night, he swallowed whatever he’d been about to say.
Once Neville got in the car, he took the front passenger seat and said into his phone, “Keep a watch on Miley’s company.
I want to be alerted immediately if there are any irregularities.
Also, find some activities her business can participate in.
” His voice bore a rare seriousness.
Matthew, sitting at the wheel, listened to Neville’s instructions in silence.
As Neville ended the call, Matthew couldn’t help but tease, “You seem quite concerned about Miley.
”
Pausing for a moment, Neville lifted his eyes to meet Matthew’s and flashed his trademark mischievous grin.
“Miley is Stella’s close friend.
If I do her a few favors, maybe she’ll put in a good word for you in front of your wife.
” Consider it a favor to you.
When Stella finally accepts you, don’t forget you owe me a great meal.
With that, Neville playfully punched Matthew’s shoulder.
Matthew’s Lips curved into an enigmatic smile, but he chose to remain silent.
The two cars pulled into the parking lot of Luking Restaurant, one after the other.
It was lunchtime, and as soon as the four of them stepped into the elevator, a throng of people unexpectedly crowded in.
Stella instinctively stepped back.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Just then, a hand gently settled on her waist, pulling her into a warm embrace a second later.
The comforting scent filled her nostrils, but Stella shifted, attempting to dislodge Matthew’s arm.
“Watch out, you might get squeezed,” Matthew whispered softly into her ear, lowering his head for emphasis.
“Just bear with it for a while.
”
The elevator was crowded, leaving Stella no option but to be pressed closely against Matthew.
He remained silent, but his warm breath caressed Stella’s neck, causing her to shiver involuntarily.
Her heart raced as she lowered her gaze, her cheeks flushed with color.
Finally, the elevator reached the sixth floor.
The sound of the doors sliding open was a relief to Stella.
“Excuse me,” she murmured, navigating cautiously through the throng of people.
###chapter720
As she stepped out, she drew a deep breath.
Matthew lagged a step behind.
By the time he exited, Stella had already moved ahead with Miley.
Watching her retreating figure, he couldn’t help but smile, recalling her blushing visage.
Although she still maintained a certain distance from him, her resistance had lessened.
He was confident that patience would eventually win her over.
Seated in a private room, the four of them fell into a temporary lull after placing their orders.
Gathering her courage and contemplating her next move, Stella broke the silence.
“Matthew…”
As his name left her lips, all eyes turned to her, creating a flicker of discomfort on Stella’s face.
Sensing her embarrassment, Matthew interjected, “What is it?”
Relieved by his intervention, Stella Looked him squarely in the eye.
“Given the shift in our relationship, I no longer wish to remain employed at Prosperity Group.
I hope you’ll approve my resignation.
”
Her resignation application hadn’t been approved by Matthew yet.
Matthew’s face took on a grave expression.
He studied her intently, tapping his fingers on the table.
After a momentary pause, he queried in a low, deliberate tone, “Have you considered your next steps after leaving Prosperity Group?”
“I have,” Stella responded, choosing to keep her future plans to herself for the time being.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She still found it challenging to fully reconcile with the change in his status, retaining a lingering sense of reverence for Matthew.
Honoring their previous agreement, Matthew nodded.
“If you’ve made up your mind, then pursue whatever path you choose.
”
In his thoughts, he added that he would do his utmost to support her, though he chose not to voice this, not wanting to pressure Stella further.
At his words, relief washed over Stella.
Unable to resist, Neville chimed in jokingly, “No need to flaunt your affection in front of us.
”
“Quiet,” Matthew shot back, casting a stern glance at Neville.
Stella’s cheeks flushed at Neville’s comment.
She swiftly lowered her gaze and took a sip of water.
###chapter721
That evening, as Stella and Miley returned home, Miley found herself contemplating Stella’s attitude towards Matthew, still uncertain of where they stood.
Examining Stella from head to toe, Miley finally blurted out, “Stella, what’s going on between you and Matthew?”
Caught off guard, Stella nonetheless chose to be transparent with Miley.
“I’m still adjusting,” she admitted.
She then outlined her plans after Leaving Prosperity Group.
“I intend to launch my own studio and create my own design brand.
Eventually, I’ll move Grandpa to Seamarsh to live with me.
”
“That sounds great!” Miley responded enthusiastically, nodding in agreement.
“If you need any models, your studio will be my first choice.
”
“Thank you,” Stella said, her face breaking into a smile.
Just then, the doorbell rang.
The two women exchanged puzzled glances.
“Who could it be at this hour?” Miley mused.
Stella shook her head in confusion.
They opened the door to find Flossie standing outside.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella was delighted to see her.
“Flossie? What are you doing here so late? Come on in.
”
Flossie brandished the champagne bottle she was holding.
“I’ve got some exciting news to share.
Let’s toast to it.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Still puzzled, Stella ushered Flossie inside.
The trio settled into the living room.
Flossie expertly popped the champagne cork, while Miley fetched the wine glasses.
Intrigued, Stella inquired, “So what’s this exciting news?”
Flossie filled their glasses and lifted hers, stating, “I’ve left Prosperity Group and am gearing up to join Miley’s firm.
”
She clinked her glass against Miley’s, grinning as she added, “My new boss, I look forward to your guidance.
”
Miley was flabbergasted.
###chapter722
“You can’t be serious, Flossie.
”
“I am,” Flossie assured her, her gaze unwavering.
She pursed her crimson lips.
“Unless, of course, you’re not happy to have me.
”
“Of course I am.
But…” Miley hesitated, still in disbelief.
“You’re currently the star model at Prosperity Group, with a wealth of resources at your disposal.
My small company pales in comparison.
Why the abrupt departure?”
“Exactly, Flossie.
Isn’t this move rather impulsive?” Stella chimed in, her brow furrowed.
Given Flossie’s standing at Prosperity Group, would their executives even approve her resignation?
Flossie turned to Stella.
“You were the one who brought me into Prosperity Group.
Now that you’re not there, what’s keeping me?”
Stella frowned, but before Stella could say anything against it, Flossie raised her eyebrows at her.
“Besides, Stella, you propelled me to fame when I was struggling.
I trust you could elevate me even further, couldn’t you?” Her smile was teasing, yet her tone was laden with genuine trust.
Warmth flooded Stella’s heart as she recalled the ups and downs they had faced together.
They’d been no-names, confronting numerous challenges.
Yet through mutual encouragement, they had found success.
And Stella was certain she could elevate Flossie’s fame even further.
But…
Stella considered another aspect, cautioning Flossie, “I’m touched by your faith in me.
But don’t forget, Matthew is the renowned Tobin.
Wasn’t working with him always a dream of yours?”
She remembered the glow of admiration in Flossie’s eyes whenever Tobin was mentioned.
“You’ve worked so hard for this opportunity.
It’d be a shame to abandon it now.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A fleeting look of embarrassment crossed Flossie’s face.
She shook her head, feigning nonchalance.
“He’s just a man, not a priority.
Friends come first.
How could I let you both venture off without me? I’m must join you, no matter what.
”
With that, she hoisted her glass again.
“Enough talk.
Let’s just celebrate and leave it at that!”
###chapter723
Recognizing Flossie’s resolve, Stella relented.
Smiling, she lifted her glass and the trio toasted, their glasses clinking together in a happy chorus.
After downing several glasses, Miley grew tipsy.
She dr@ped an arm around Stella’s shoulder and murmured, “Titles, status, wealth… They’re all transient.
What matters is pure love.
If Matthew loves you, and you love him, don’t squander that.
”
Stella closed her eyes briefly, awash in a sea of emotions but saying nothing.
Before they knew it, the clock struck midnight and Flossie was also tipsy.
The three friends sprawled on the couch, heads lolling, succumbing to their weariness.
Stella was jolted awake the next morning by a piercing scream.
Rubbing her forehead, she squinted.
Miley sat on the sofa with her phone in her hand.
“What’s got you shrieking this early?” Stella mumbled.
Miley’s expression was grave as she handed over the phone.
“See for yourself.
”
Blinking away the sleep, Stella forced herself to focus on the screen.
The moment she read the headline, her eyes widened, and she snapped to full alertness.
Stella swiftly picked up her phone to verify the news.
“Stella Anderson, A Mistress?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The headline was straightforward yet provocative.
Furrowing her brow, Stella clicked on the article.
The whistleblower had used a new account, devoid of any background information on the homepage.
The account seemed newly created.
Stella’s face tightened as she scrolled through the comments, each one an arrow aimed at her.
Someone must have fueled this onslaught.
Still scrolling, Stella read more vilification against her.
“Stella’s an orphan.
She’s just riding Matthew’s coattails for personal gain.
”
###chapter724
“What a disgrace! How did her adoptive parents raise her to become such a shameless mistress?”
“I always wondered how she went from PR officer to designer.
Now it’s clear.
She took advantage of her relationship with Matthew.
The more Stella read the comments, the more she clenched her phone.
Stella felt as if a massive weight compressed her chest, making it hard to breathe.
Miley and Flossie watched her sunken expression with empathy.
Snatching the phone away, Miley urged, “Stella, stop reading those comments.
They’re baseless accusations.
We know you’re not the person they claim you are.
”
Stella hadn’t anticipated being wrongfully accused in such a manner; bitterness swelled within her.
Miley placed her hands on Stella’s shoulders, guiding her back to the sofa.
“If you want to set the record straight, Matthew can announce to all of Seamarsh that you’re his wife.
”
“Exactly! These keyboard warriors have too much time on their hands,”
Flossie chimed in from across the seat.
“It’s none of their business who Matthew’s wife is.
It’s not their place to pass judgment on you.
”
Lost in thought, Stella didn’t know where to focus her gaze.
Recalling her recent conversation with Matthew, her heart sank once more.
Stella had always been acutely aware of her identity.
While Clint did show her affection, she couldn’t escape the voice in her head that reminded her she was never a true Anderson.
She was an abandoned orphan.
This was also why she hesitated to deepen her relationship with Matthew, fearing that her orphan status would cause complications for the Clark family.
Exhaling deeply, Stella mustered a reassuring smile.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’m okay, don’t worry.
I’m heading to the hospital to visit Grandpa.
”
“I’ll go with you,” Miley declared instantly, rising to her feet.
Now that people were digging into Stella’s background, it wouldn’t take long for them to discover that Clint was hospitalized.
She had to protect Stella from further emotional harm.
Stella didn’t reject her offer.
Her thoughts were consumed by Clint’s well-being.
The last thing she wanted was for him to see the scandalous rumors circulating online.
While Stella freshened up, Miley discreetly pulled Flossie aside.
###chapter725
“Quickly let Matthew know he needs to pull those articles from the web.
”
Flossie nodded gravely, and they divided their tasks.
The two worked separately.
Once Stella had finished getting ready, Miley handed her a peaked cap and a mask as she emerged.
“Put these on.
There might be reporters camping outside the hospital, and we don’t want them recognizing you.
”
Well-versed in the perils of internet-driven public scrutiny due to her time in the entertainment industry, Miley knew what she was talking about.
Stella complied, wanting to avoid any incidents that might worry Clint.
However, the moment they stepped out of Prosper Bay, Stella felt a sharp, uncomfortable sensation on her forehead.
As she instinctively touched it, the slick residue of egg white and yolk dribbled down her face.
Someone hurled a rotten egg at her.
Almost instantaneously, a crowd converged around them, shouting curses from all sides.
“Living this close to Matthew and you claim you’re not his mistress?”
“Get out of Prosper Bay, you opportunistic woman! You only got this far by clinging to Matthew!”
The throng instantly obstructed Stella and Miley’s path.
Miley positioned herself in front of Stella, attempting to shield her, but it was futile.
The crowd, spewing venomous words, inched closer.
The popular sentiment held that Stella’s success was solely attributed to her unsavory relationship with Matthew.
No one was willing to believe that Matthew could engage in an affair with an orphan, especially when Stella had apparently disrupted his marriage.
“Have some decency and leave Seamarsh!”
“You home-wrecker! “Who do you think you are? Aspiring to marry into affluence?”
Amidst the turmoil, Stella felt her hair yanked from behind, followed by a swift kick.
“Enough!” Miley shouted, striving to protect Stella.
Yet, she was abruptly pulled away, tumbling hard onto the ground.
The scene was absolute chaos.
Just then, a swarm of reporters burst onto the scene, thrusting their cameras and microphones at Stella.
“Did you transition from a PR officer to a designer because of Matthew? Did you win Mrs.
Burke’s design by shady means?”
“Did you seduce Matthew so you could obtain all the success you’ve been enjoying?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Is your ultimate aim to force Matthew into a divorce so you can marry him?”
###chapter726
Their questions were relentless, bending the narrative.
Stella remained silent, visibly dispirited.
For a moment, the tumult around her seemed surreal.
How had she come to warrant such unrelenting vitriol for an unverified rumor? Why did no one bother to substantiate the claims before vilifying her?
Stella’s visage reflected not just weariness, but an overwhelming sense of helplessness.
Just then, a burly man pushed his way through the crowd, his fist raised, ready to strike Stella.
The crowd gasped as Stella recoiled in terror, her eyes clenching shut instinctively.
But then, the revving of engines pierced the tension.
Heads turned as several cars sped towards the crowd, forcing them to scatter in panic.
The burly man hastily retracted his fist and dodged to the side.
The front car’s door swung open, and out stepped Matthew, clad in a black suit.
His icy demeanor radiated an almost palpable aura of fear and intimidation.
A cadre of heavily-armed, well-trained bodyguards emerged behind him, adding to the already heightened sense of urgency.
“Matthew’s arrived.
This is going to be a spectacle.
”
“By the looks of Matthew, I’d say Stella’s days in Seamarsh are numbered.
”
“What a shame Mrs.
Clark isn’t here.
We could’ve witnessed a showdown between a wife and a mistress.
But honestly, Stella’s not worth Mrs.
Clark’s time.
”
They continued gossiping until Matthew’s chilling gaze swept over them.
Those who met his icy stare instantly felt a shiver down their spines.
They lowered their heads, avoiding further eye contact.
Miley hurriedly embraced the dazed Stella, whispering, “It’s okay, Stella.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s focus shifted to the man who had nearly assaulted Stella.
Seizing the man’s hand, he asked in a detached yet incensed tone, “What were you about to do?”
The man averted his gaze from Matthew’s frosty eyes, squirming in discomfort.
But Matthew’s grip was too strong for him to escape.
Ashamed yet defiant, the man retorted, “Shouldn’t I have hit her?
She’s just a… Argh!”
Before the man could finish his sentence, a scream erupted from his Lips.
###chapter727
Matthew regarded him icily, tightening his grip.
After a guttural scream, the man’s eyes bulged, the shock rendering him unable to make a sound.
His face turned a ghostly white due to the excruciating pain.
Matthew shook off his hand forcefully.
The man fell to the ground, his hand dangling listlessly as though it had been shattered.
The crowd was flabbergasted by the spectacle, the man’s horrific fate leaving them in awe.
Matthew cast a sweeping glance and commanded, “All of you, leave.
Now.
”
Those who understood the consequences of their acts immediately dispersed, while those paralyzed by fear were ushered away by bodyguards.
Matthew turned around and gazed into Stella’s eyes.
She was visibly trembling in Miley’s embrace.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Stella,” he called, his tone gentler and more subdued than before, as if he feared startling her.
Stella instinctively shrank further into Miley’s arms, unwilling to let Matthew witness her vulnerability.
“Don’t worry.
You’re safe now,” Matthew reassured her, taking his time, allowing her to regain her composure.
Once her trembling ceased, he signaled to his bodyguard.
“Take Miley for a medical examination.
”
“Understood, sir,” the bodyguard complied.
Miley felt reassured by Matthew’s arrangements.
Matthew was here.
She trusted him to prevent any further harm to Stella.
Once Miley left, only Matthew and Stella remained at Prosper Bay’s entrance.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s head was bowed, her hair veiling her face, but her recent ordeal was painfully obvious.
Seeing her like this, Matthew felt as though his heart had been lacerated.
Carefully, he reached out to place an arm around Stella’s shoulder.
“I’m so sorry.
I failed to anticipate the dangers and put you through this,” Matthew said, his voice heavy with remorse.
Stella dabbed at her eyes and looked up, attempting a reassuring smile.
But when Matthew saw the egg residue on her face, his anger flared anew.
He restrained his fury, lifting his hand to wipe away the smudge.
Perceiving his intentions, Stella retreated instinctively, losing her footing and tumbling backward with a cry.
###chapter728
Matthew swiftly pulled Stella back into his arms, holding her securely.
“It’s okay.
You’re safe now.
”
Hearing the comforting timbre of his voice, Stella gradually relaxed.
As she lifted her head to speak, Matthew suddenly leaned in, capturing her lips in a passionate ki*s.
Caught off guard, Stella shook her head, attempting to evade him.
Matthew held her in a firm embrace, one hand cradling the back of her head while the other explored her waist and back.
His eyes closed, he pulled her tightly against him.
The ki*s was fervent, almost as if Matthew sought to consume her.
Stella’s heart raced, her cheeks flushing a rosy hue.
Whether it was the inability to breathe or his overpowering masculine scent, she found herself feeling hazy.
Eventually, she yielded, her rational thoughts fading away.
‘s BunnyBookery
Behind them, reporters snapped back to reality after a moment of stupefaction.
Cameras raised, they jostled to capture the scene.
Here was Matthew, a man whose influence could sway Seamarsh’s economy, a man who had never been embroiled in scandal, now passionately ki*sing a woman of lesser social standing in full public view.
This was headline material.
After breaking the ki*s, Stella felt like a hot mess, her face flushed.
She couldn’t bring herself to meet his gaze.
Matthew held her protectively, casting a peremptory glance at the surrounding crowd.
The reporters ceased their photography, frozen in place.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What’s the scandal of the day? That Stella is a mistress?” Matthew’s voice was laced with indifference.
The crowd fell into hushed silence.
No one dared to challenge Matthew.
Matthew sneered, his eyes sweeping over those assembled in disdain.
“I suggest you all look carefully.
Stella is my legitimate wife.
If anyone dares harm her again, they will lose everything.
Consider yourselves warned.
”
“What?”
“Stella is married to Matthew?”
The revelation shocked the reporters, triggering a flurry of camera flashes.
Matthew’s face hardened again.
Whispers spread like wildfire among the crowd.
###chapter729
“Is it actually true? Is Stella Matthew’s spouse? The elusive wife we’ve only heard rumors about?”
“It must be! Matthew announced it for all to hear.
But when did Stella even meet him?”
“Considering Stella’s background, how did the Clark family consent to this union?”
“We should keep quiet.
Didn’t you catch Matthew’s warning earlier?”
Stella stared at Matthew in disbelief.
During her time working for him, she knew he preferred to keep his life private low-key, much more his marriage.
She had assumed he would never publicly disclose such personal matters.
Stella’s lips still tingled.
Recollections of today’s happenings flashed through her mind, igniting a whirlpool of emotions.
She was unsure if it was because Matthew had made an exception for her, or for some other reason.
She tugged on Matthew’s sleeve and whispered, “Let’s go.
”
Matthew lowered his head, tucking a few loose strands of hair behind Stella’s ear, and held her waist firmly.
“I’ll take you home.
”
Stella nodded, allowing him to lead her away.
Inside the car, Matthew spotted her reddened, swollen forehead, and his expression turned grim.
He gently wiped her hair with a wet wipe, cleaning the stains from her face, anger simmering in his eyes.
He navigated around her injury with meticulous care, fearful of causing her pain.
Stella dared not move, but Matthew was seemingly taking his time.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Perhaps it was their proximity or the confined space, but sweat formed on her back, and breathing became difficult.
As Stella’s eyes lifted to meet Matthew’s, a shiver ran through her.
His gaze was soft yet intense, almost as if he had the power to draw her into his world.
Subconsciously, she lowered her gaze and grasped Matthew’s hand.
“I…
I can do it myself.
”
Matthew frowned slightly but reassured her in a soft tone, “Don’t move.
You can’t see the injured area.
This will be over quickly.
”
He gently removed Stella’s hand, leaving her no reason to protest.
###chapter730
She had to let him continue tidying up her hair and face.
Trying to divert her attention, she focused on anything but the charged sensation of Matthew’s touch.
The five-minute drive felt so Long.
When Stella heard the driver say they were finally back home, her tensed body finally relaxed.
She inhaled deeply.
Matthew held her hand firmly to lead her out of the car and guide her into the villa.
Although the villa appeared unchanged since her last visit, the atmosphere felt different, perhaps due to her altered status.
Casting a glance at their intertwined hands, Stella kept her thoughts private, choosing not to speak her mind.
Just then, Erin, who had been tending the garden, approached with a look of concern.
“Miss Anderson, is everything alright?”
Embarrassed by the concerned look on Erin’s face, Stella didn’t know how to respond.
After all, they had talked about Matthew’s wife before.
Matthew spoke, his voice was uncharacteristically gentle, but remained resolute.
“Erin, please tend to her wound.
And from this moment forward, refer to Stella as Mrs.
Clark.
”
“Mrs.
Clark?” Erin repeated, clearly taken aback.
Her eyes then fell upon the hands intertwined between Stella and Matthew.
Matthew acknowledged her, saying, “You’ve frequently inquired about Mrs.
Clark, haven’t you?”
Erin was surprised that her casual mentions had caught his attention and felt slightly embarrassed.
However, Matthew wasn’t interested in dwelling on such minor details.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Solemnly, he told Erin, “Stella is my wife.
Please take good care of her.
I have something urgent to dealt with for now.
”
Committing herself, Erin assured him, “Mr.
Clark, please proceed with your affairs.
I will ensure Mrs.
Clark is well taken care of.
”
Matthew leaned down, planting a tender ki*s on Stella’s forehead.
“I’ll head upstairs.
If you need anything, Erin is here to assist you.
”
Stella blushed, still unaccustomed to such public displays of affection.
She gave a nonchalant nod in agreement.
Pleased with her reaction, Matthew offered Erin a few more words of encouragement before ascending the staircase.
Once Matthew was out of sight, Erin enthusiastically guided Stella to the sofa.
###chapter731
She glanced upstairs to ensure he was truly gone, then leaned in and whispered, “Mrs.
Clark, what’s happening?”
She was struggling to reconcile the unexpected change in Stella’s status.
Not knowing where to begin, Stella responded.
“There was a misunderstanding earlier.
”
Sensing Erin had more questions, she cut her off: “Erin, my wound is stinging.
Could you get some ointment?”
Erin hurried to fetch the first-aid kit.
Wounds must be taken care of as soon as possible.
She soaked a cotton swab in alcohol and gently dabbed it on Stella’s minor forehead injury, which was now slightly inflamed.
Erin asked, “With Mr.
Clark by your side, how did you manage to get hurt? Who did this?”
“It was an accident.
” Stella evaded, concocting a quick excuse.
As Erin finished bandaging the wound, Matthew returned downstairs.
‘s BunnyBookery
Taking the hint, Erin grabbed the first-aid kit and discreetly exited the room.
Matthew handed Stella a bag and said, “Here are some fresh clothes.
You should shower and change.
”
Stella was about to decline when her eyes narrowed at a smudge on her knee.
Hesitating briefly, she accepted the bag and thanked him.
“Take Mrs.
Clark to the bathroom,” Matthew instructed Erin.
Stella felt reassured by Matthew’s discretion.
Accompanied by Erin, she headed upstairs.
Upon entering the bathroom, Erin prepared the warm water for Stella.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Mrs.
Clark, let me know if you need anything else.
”
Then, Erin stepped out of the bathroom and closed the door softly behind her.
Stella surveyed the unfamiliar room.
The bathroom was expansive, and the lighting was strikingly bright.
Premium-branded toiletries were arranged meticulously, making an overt statement about Luxury.
Inhaling deeply, Stella left her slippers at the door and ventured into the bathroom barefoot.
As her body submerged into the warm water, her lingering melancholy seemed to dissolve instantly.
The steam filled the room, as the warm water cascaded over her Like liquid silk, enveloping her in comforting warmth.
A sense of ease overcame her frigid body.
###chapter732
With a contented sigh, Stella leaned back against the bathtub and gently closed her eyes.
After what felt like an eternity, she was roused by a soft knock on the door.
Blinking open her eyes, she was momentarily disoriented by the unfamiliar surroundings.
It took her a second to realize she’d dozed off in the tub.
“Stella?” Matthew’s voice resonated from outside the door.
Snapping to attention, Stella sat up abruptly, splashing water in the process.
“I’ll be out shortly,” she called out.
Noticing that the bathwater hadn’t cooled much, she surmised she hadn’t been asleep for long.
Nevertheless, Matthew was already waiting.
Resolute, she stood up to rinse away the soap suds with the handheld shower.
Just as she was about to step out of the tub, her foot slipped, sending her tumbling back.
“Ah!” Stella let out a scream, gripping the tub’s edge tightly for support.
The door burst open, and Matthew dashed in.
Stella was momentarily stunned to see him in such a setting.
Unfazed by her expression, Matthew’s primary concern was evident.
“Are you alright?” he asked anxiously.
“No, it’s nothing.
I just slipped, that’s all.
Please, step outside,”
Stella articulated, her voice laced with nervousness.
It was only at this point that Matthew realized Stella was entirely unclothed in the bathtub.
He froze, his chest rising and falling with rapid breaths.
For a brief instant, he was at a loss how to respond.
Stella had been in the bathroom for an unusually long time.
He had come out of concern.
When he heard her cry out, he burst in without a second thought, never anticipating the scene that would greet him.
Sensing Matthew’s lack of reaction, Stella hurriedly raised her arms to shield her chest.
Her cheeks flushed a deep shade of crimson as she sank further into the water.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Please, leave now,” she insisted.
She had never felt so mortified before.
It was her own fault, really.
She had been too distracted to notice the slippery surface underfoot.
“I apologize,” Matthew finally said, averting his gaze and turning his back to her.
“Are you all right? How’s your wound?”
Stella peeked up to find Matthew looking away, a subtle wave of relief washing over her.
She lowered her arms and replied, “I’m fine.
###chapter733
You can go now.
”
Matthew pursed his lips, not daring to look back.
“Tidy up first.
I’ll wait outside.
Call me if you need anything.
”
“Okay.
”
Once the door closed behind Matthew, Stella took a moment to collect herself before rising from the tub.
Wanting to avoid a repeat of the earlier awkwardness, she proceeded with caution as she stepped out.
After taking a quick shower, Stella changed into the clothes Matthew prepared.
Looking at her reflection, she felt a smile form at the corners of her mouth, touched by his thoughtful gesture.
She grabbed the hair dryer and began to dry her damp locks.
Her face in the mirror appeared slightly flushed, devoid of makeup, displaying signs of fatigue.
‘s BunnyBookery
The day had been a whirlwind of emotions, as unpredictable as a roller coaster.
She couldn’t help but wonder about the aftermath of Matthew’s impending announcement.
With a heavy sigh, she wished for smooth sailing come morning.
After drying her hair, she walked out looking much more composed.
Matthew had been waiting outside for quite a while, yet he displayed no signs of impatience on his face.
He sized her up to make sure she was genuinely okay, and only then did he finally relax.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With the recent awkward encounter in the bathroom, a hint of embarrassment still colored Matthew’s interactions with Stella.
Clearing his throat, he suggested, somewhat stiffly, “You can stay here tonight.
”
Stella immediately started to , “No, I can go back to…”
But she was cut off before she could complete her sentence.
Matthew looked intently at her and asserted, “Your place with Miley isn’t secure right now.
It’s safer for you to stay here.
”
Stella paused to consider his words.
While she couldn’t fault his logic, the prospect of staying here made her uneasy.
Could she really reside in the same space as him, especially when she hadn’t yet acclimated to her mew role as Matthew’s wife?
Sensing Stella’s hesitance, Matthew reassured her, “I’ve prepared a separate room for you, and I’ll also arrange for someone to look after your grandfather.
Everything is under control.
”
###chapter734
Stella was taken aback.
She hadn’t anticipated that Matthew would have thought everything through so meticulously.
“Come on, let’s get you settled into your room,” Matthew said, tenderly patting Stella’s head as he led her out.
Her new room was situated conveniently next to Matthew’s.
As they reached the door, Matthew swung it open.
The room was clean and tastefully painted with soft pink hues.
But what truly astonished Stella was the wall adorned entirely with photos of her.
Stella stood there, speechless, her eyes widening in disbelief.
Photographs of her adorned the walls.
The pictures spanned from her childhood to adulthood, including her graduation, as if she had inhabited this room her entire life.
Turning to Matthew, she inquired softly, “How did you get these pictures?”
She had never even seen some of the photos before.
Biting his lower lip, Matthew confessed, “I got some from your grandfather, and I took others secretly when you were out and about.
”
A hint of shyness unexpectedly colored his features.
Clearing his throat, Matthew added, “I was planning to reveal my true self to you, so I made some preparations.
”
Stella felt a rush of emotion, her eyes misting over.
“Thank you,” she murmured, casting her gaze downward.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a momentary pause, Matthew tenderly brushed a stray hair from Stella’s face.
“It’s the least I could do,” he said, his voice low and magnetic.
“Rest up.
If you’re hungry, there’s food in the kitchen downstairs.
I’ll leave you to it for now.
”
Stella nodded, acutely aware that Matthew’s days were filled with pressing matters, and grateful for the time he’d sacrificed for her today.
Matthew left the room, softly closing the door behind him.
Stella studied the photographs for a few more moments before drifting over to the bed.
Slipping under the fragrant, inviting quilt, she found it remarkably comfortable.
Worn out, she promptly drifted into sleep.
Stella didn’t wake up until nighttime and she felt famished.
###chapter735
Rubbing her growling stomach, she remembered that she had gone the entire day without eating and headed downstairs.
The villa was quiet, an indication that Matthew hadn’t returned.
In the kitchen, Stella found several prepared dishes in the refrigerator, presumably made by Erin before she went home.
She warmed up the food and sat down to eat, thoughtfully setting some aside for Matthew.
As she finished her meal, Matthew was still nowhere to be seen.
After lingering in the living room for some time, Stella felt a twinge of boredom and decided to step outside.
Matthew’s villa boasted an expansive back garden, its flowers meticulously trimmed.
A rockery and a fountain occupied the garden’s central space.
Though she’d visited Matthew’s villa on a few occasions, she’d never ventured beyond the living room.
Taking in the view, Stella couldn’t help but wonder if this was the lifestyle of a truly successful man.
Under the glow of the moonlight, she walked leisurely through the garden, aiding her digestion.
Checking her watch, she realized it was nearing midnight.
She glanced to the entrance, but there was still no sign of Matthew.
A frown crossed her features, giving way to concern.
‘s BunnyBookery
It was Late.
Was he caught up in something urgent? Or perhaps he was busy dealing with online rumors?
A gust of night wind swept through, causing Stella to shiver and wrap her arms tightly around herself.
Just then, she felt the weight of something being dr@ped over her shoulders.
Turning around, she discovered Matthew had placed his coat on her.
Gently gripping her shoulder, he advised, “The nights get chilly in Seamarsh.
If you’re going to take a walk, you should wear a coat.
You don’t want to catch a cold.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Why are you back so late? Do you have a lot on your plate at the company?” Stella inquired, recalling that Prosperity Group didn’t have any pressing matters at hand recently.
Matthew responded curtly, “Yes, let’s go inside.
”
His reluctance to discuss the matter struck Stella as odd, making her frown.
As she moved to accompany him back into the house, her eyes caught sight of a familiar piece of paper peeking out from his coat pocket.
Pulling it out, Stella found it to be a hospital prescription.
Lifting her gaze to Matthew, she asked with a mix of curiosity and concern, “Did you go to the hospital?”
Observing the prescription in Stella’s hand, Matthew told the truth.
###chapter736
“I visited the hospital this afternoon to look after your grandpa.
”
Stella was taken aback.
She had assumed that Matthew had delegated the task to someone else, not expecting him to attend to it himself.
Struggling with a flood of emotions, she composed herself before asking, “How is Grandpa? I wasn’t able to visit him today.
Is he-“
“I let him know you were swamped with work, so you couldn’t make it,”
Matthew interjected, gently taking her hand as they walked into the house.
“He was in high spirits.
We had an engaging conversation today.
”
Intrigued, Stella inquired, “What did he tell you?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Pausing, Matthew fixed her with an intense gaze.
A slight smile graced his lips as he revealed, “He shared many stories from your childhood.
I was so captivated that I lost track of time.
My apologies for making you wait.
”
He also explained why he came back late.
The notion was that he had stayed late to learn more about her.
Feeling her cheeks redden, Stella found herself touched by Matthew’s thoughtfulness.
“Did Grandpa delve into stories of my mischievous youth?”
Grinning, Matthew responded, “He mentioned how you were quite the handful as a child, always persuading your cousin to take you horseback riding.
I find it endearing.
We should go riding ourselves sometime.
”
Stella nodded.
“Alright.
”
Switching the topic, Matthew asked, “Did you manage to get some rest earlier?”
Smoothing her hair, Stella affirmed, “I slept well.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Just then, a gust of wind wafted a delicate floral scent through the air.
Inhaling deeply, Stella began, “This garden is huge! Mr.
Clark, your villa…”
She halted abruptly, words failing her.
Stella found it hard to fully accept that Matthew was now her husband.
Her embarrassment was palpable, a feeling she couldn’t easily shake off.
Sensing her discomfort, Matthew said gently, “You can call me whatever feels right for you.
I’ll give you the space and time to adjust.
Let’s get to know one another again.
”
Stella looked at him, silent yet deeply observant.
###chapter737
Bathed in the ethereal glow of the moonlight, his handsome visage was even more striking, and his eyes sparkled with a disarming charm.
He had an uncanny ability to impart a comforting sense of security and understanding.
A quiver ran through Stella’s heart.
She realized that if she remained there any longer, she might succumb to the love he offered.
Snapping back to reality, she averted her gaze and said hastily, “I’ve left some food for you in the kitchen.
If you’re hungry, feel free to eat.
I’m going to rest now.
”
Without waiting for a response, she made a hasty exit.
Matthew remained motionless, his eyes following Stella as she retreated.
A smile graced his lips.
When he later entered the dining room and saw the food Stella had prepared for him, that smile widened.
As he savored the meal, the thought of Stella resting upstairs filled him with a sense of peace.
Once, living with her had been a mere dream, but now it was the reality.
Memories of Stella’s shyness danced in his mind as he relished the last bites of her delicious cooking.
He ate his plate clean.
Just as he placed the utensils down, his phone buzzed to life.
The screen displayed Fernando’s name.
Matthew frowned.
It must be urgent for Fernando to call at such a time.
The moment he answered, Fernando’s voice came through, tinged with urgency and gravity.
“Mr.
Clark, something bad happened to the Fairwa project!”
Stella awoke to daylight streaming through her windows.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After freshening up, she stepped out of her room and noticed Matthew’s door slightly ajar.
She peeked inside, finding it empty.
A sense of unease nestled in her chest as she descended the staircase to find Erin busy in the kitchen.
“Mrs.
Clark.
” Erin greeted Stella, nodding respectfully.
Stella returned the nod and inquired, “Have you seen Matthew this morning?”
“No.
Isn’t he in his room? I haven’t seen him yet.
”
Confusion furrowed Stella’s brow.
She pulled out her phone.
There was still no message from Matthew.
###chapter738
Where could he have possibly gone?
“Perhaps Mr.
Clark went out for a morning jog.
There’s no need to worry,” Erin suggested, attempting to alleviate her concern.
“Breakfast is almost ready.
Would you like to watch some TV in the meantime?”
As Erin spoke, she switched on the TV in the living room.
The news broadcast on TV featured a report about Stella and Matthew’s recent events, with the host providing commentary on what had occurred the previous day.
Stella retrieved her phone and discovered that the most widely discussed trending topic on the internet revolved entirely around her and Matthew.
“Matthew’s wife is his PR officer, Stella Anderson.
”
“Matthew publicly announced his wife’s identity.
”
“Matthew ki*sed Stella in public.
”
A day had elapsed, yet the news continued to captivate the public’s attention.
Furthermore, Matthew’s official statement further intensified the discussions among people.
Absorbing the media frenzy on her phone, Stella found the online discourse equally focused on her relationship with Matthew.
People speculated wildly, casting doubt and aspersions on her motives.
One comment read, “Stella doesn’t deserve Matthew.
She switched careers so suddenly.
Something smells fishy.
”
Another said, “If she’s so talented, why start as a PR officer?
Clearly, her endgame was to snare Matthew.
”
“Such a scheming woman!”
“Perhaps Matthew exposed Stella to protect himself.
After all, it’s preferable for Matthew to publicly acknowledge his relationship with Stella rather than confess to cheating.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I don’t understand why Mrs.
Clark permitted them to behave so recklessly.
”
Exhausted by the endless conjecture, Stella looked away from the screen.
The public seemed more willing to trust their own speculations than Matthew’s affirmations.
Fighting these rumors seemed like a futile endeavor.
Stella threw her phone aside.
Erin emerged from the kitchen, announcing, “Breakfast is ready, Mrs.
Clark.
Would you like to eat now or wait for Mr.
Clark?”
Glancing at the clock, then back to the front door, Stella knew a morning jog couldn’t account for Matthew’s absence.
Tired of speculating his whereabouts, she stood and said, “I’ll eat now.
”
###chapter739
Seated at the table, Stella picked at her food while continuously checking her phone.
Still no message from Matthew.
Her worry intensified.
He had professed his love only to vanish without a trace.
What did he mean?
In Fairwa…
Upon receiving an urgent call from Fernando last night, Matthew had immediately headed to an emergency meeting at the company.
By early morning, they were both at the accident scene.
Standing beside Matthew, Fernando said, “We’ve determined the cause of the accident.
It was the substandard materials led to the accident.
The worker involved is now in the hospital.
”
Fernando bent down to pick up a piece of cement, effortlessly snapping it in half to demonstrate its poor quality.
Matthew’s face tightened as he inquired, “What’s the condition of the worker?”
“He’s stable, not critically injured,” Fernando reassured him, tossing aside the broken cement.
“I’ve dispatched someone to the hospital and we’ll cover all subsequent expenses.
”
Matthew’s expression eased slightly.
He scanned the area and issued a crisp order.
“Terminate the existing construction team and replace it.
”
“Understood.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew turned pivoted and started to walk away.
“How long will the project be on hold?”
Fernando, trailing behind him, responded candidly, “At least a week.
”
“Very well,” Matthew said, his tone detached.
“Arrange a dinner meeting with the head of the Fairwa project for tonight.
”
“Certainly,” Fernando acknowledged, moving to start the car.
As Matthew waited, it suddenly occurred to him that he had left abruptly last night without informing Stella.
###chapter740
He pulled out his phone, only to find it had been off the entire time.
After finishing breakfast and finding no word from Matthew, Stella decided to visit her grandfather at the hospital.
Before heading out, she told Erin, “If Matthew returns, let him know I’ve gone to see Grandpa at the hospital.
”
“Understood, Mrs.
Clark.
”
Stella nodded and made her way outside, only to be met by a row of imposing bodyguards.
Their towering statures and stone-faced expressions unnerved her.
“Well… What’s going on?” Stella asked in confusion.
One of the bodyguards answered, “Mr.
Clark instructed us to safeguard you.
We are not to let you out of our sight.
”
Matthew?
Stella’s brow furrowed.
“Do you know where he is?”
“We don’t have that information,” the bodyguard answered.
Realizing she wouldn’t glean anything from them, Stella quietly climbed into the car they had prepared.
At the hospital, Clint’s recovery was going well.
Stella found him in the garden playing cards with other patients.
When he saw her, Clint offered a gentle smile and beckoned her to sit.
“I’ll be heading back to my room after this round.
”
Silently, Stella sat and watched him play.
The game ended and with Stella’s assistance, Clint made his way back to his room.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She helped him onto the bed and poured a glass of water for him.
“How have you been holding up?” Clint asked after a sip, smiling warmly at her.
“Everything’s fine,” Stella replied.
“Matthew visited yesterday.
He mentioned you’ve been swamped with work.
Have things improved between you two?” Clint asked, eyeing her thoughtfully.
Caught off guard, Stella finally said, “He’s been good to me.
”
###chapter741
Clint’s smile deepened.
“That’s reassuring.
We had a long talk yesterday.
He’s a patient man.
”
Stella bit her lip, choosing not to reply.
Clint took her hand, patting it gently.
“Matthew is a knowledgeable and generous man.
I have every confidence that your future together will be a happy one.
”
Looking at Clint’s aged hands, Stella felt a pang of unease, recalling that Matthew had been quiet all day.
Her thoughts veered to past experiences with Maverick, who had also been mysteriously absent at times.
Could she and Matthew really forge a lasting relationship?
Leaning against his bed’s headboard, Clint sighed.
“I didn’t think I’d make it this time.
”
“Grandpa, don’t even say that,” Stella interjected, visibly disturbed.
“You’ll be with me forever.
”
Clint chuckled.
“I can’t be with you forever, Stella.
We all have our time.
”
“Please don’t say that again, Grandpa.
I’ll take excellent care of you,” Stella said, looking at him intently.
Clint nodded.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Alright, I won’t”
A hush fell over the room.
After a moment, Clint ventured, “Stella, do you still resent your parents?”
Stella didn’t expect the question.
“I’ve never met them.
How could I hold any resentment?”
Clint looked as if he wanted to say more, but thought better of it.
Silence enveloped the room.
“Let’s talk about something nice,” Stella suggested, brightening her expression.
“After you’re discharged, how about staying in Seamarsh?
I can take care of you.
”
###chapter742
“No,” Clint declined.
“I plan to return to Bysea.
Your cousin is wrapping up his world tour and will come stay with me.
”
Stella knew better than to argue with her grandfather’s stubbornness.
There would be plenty of time to discuss this before he left the hospital.
Later that evening, Matthew and Fernando arrived at Fairwa Hotel.
As Matthew stepped out of the car, a man hurriedly approached him.
“Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew frowned, recognizing the man as Alex Avila, the head of the recently terminated construction team.
With an air of detachment, Matthew moved to walk past him.
Alex was taken aback but quickly repositioned himself in front of Matthew, pleading, “Mr.
Clark, it was an unfortunate incident.
Please grant me another opportunity; I assure you there won’t be any further mistakes.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew fixed his gaze on Alex, ice-cold.
“You’ll be held accountable for this mishap by Prosperity Group.
There will be no forgiveness.
”
Alex’s face contorted in a mix of emotions.
By the time he collected himself, Matthew had already moved on, heading into the hotel.
Seized by a sudden impulse, Alex shouted after him, “You’ll regret this, Matthew Clark! Sooner or later, you’ll be the one begging for a chance!”
Ignoring Alex’s frustrated remarks, Matthew felt anxious about Stella and wanted to reach out to her immediately.
Stationed outside the elevator, he swiveled his head towards Fernando and commanded, “My phone’s dead.
Hand me yours.
”
Without hesitation, Fernando relinquished his phone.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Just as Matthew was about to dial, a voice hailed him.
“Mr.
Clark.
”
Several attendees from the dinner approached, coinciding with the elevator’s arrival.
“The elevator’s here.
We can continue our discussion in the private room,” Fernando interjected.
Remembering Alex’s earlier haughtiness, Fernando felt it prudent to exercise discretion, wary of potential eavesdroppers.
Boarding the elevator, the crowd exchanged courteous greetings with Matthew.
###chapter743
Given the circumstances, he had no choice but to postpone his call to Stella and return Fernando’s phone.
Once inside the private room, Matthew summoned a waiter to place their orders.
After the waiter retreated, silence enveloped the space.
Matthew, occupying the main seat, his expression forlorn.
He surveyed the room with an icy stare.
“Listen up, we’re putting the Fairwa project on hold for a few days.
”
The decision met with a series of understanding nods.
Everyone knew that resolving the current crisis took precedence over project timelines.
“Alex had previously secured this project through illicit means.
To think he’d be the cause of such a catastrophe,” lamented the project manager, seizing the rare opportunity to unburden his frustrations in Matthew’s presence.
Matthew’s expression darkened as he fixed his gaze on the project manager.
“Continue.
”
“Alex’s audacity largely stems from his backer.
This patron happens to be a local strongman in Bysea…” The project manager hesitated, his voice tinged with apprehension.
“Stevie Craig.
”
Matthew’s frown deepened, but he remained silent.
The others chimed in, “Stevie’s indulgence has only made Alex and his underlings more arrogant.
Their sole focus is profiteering from this project.
”
“He’s put us all in jeopardy.
If the project falls through because of this mess, all our recent efforts will have been for nothing.
”
With steely conviction, Matthew reassured them, “Don’t worry, I’ve got this under control.
However, I’ll need your cooperation to stabilize the situation.
If anything changes, inform Fernando immediately.
”
His words alleviated their concerns.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Just then, a knock on the door signaled the waiter’s entrance.
He served the dishes and poured a glass of red wine for everyone.
The project manager raised his glass, offering a toast to Matthew, who politely sipped the wine in response.
Stella didn’t leave the ward until Clint had fallen asleep.
The moment she stepped into the elevator, her phone buzzed.
Expecting a message from Matthew, she eagerly retrieved her phone, only to find a friend request on Twitter.
Though Stella was certain she didn’t know this individual, she accepted the request to avoid missing any important news.
###chapter744
No sooner had she done so than a barrage of photos arrived.
Clicking them open, her eyes widened in disbelief.
The man in the photographs was Matthew, missing for an entire day.
He was closely leaning against a slender woman.
In the captured moment, they appeared to be ki*sing.
When Stella first laid eyes on the photos, a chill rippled through her, leaving her trembling in disbelief.
She bit her lip, struggling with a potent blend of anger and heartache.
But she still didn’t want to believe that what she saw was true.
Desperately, she clicked through each picture, trying to find any hint that they might be fabricated.
But with every new image, her hopes were dashed.
The couple in the photos seemed so intimate, so genuinely connected, that there was no room for doubt.
The final blow was a selfie: a woman nestled snugly in Matthew’s arms, his shirt buttons undone.
Stella’s hand shook violently, her emotions oscillating between fury and grief.
It was almost impossible to accept.
Matthew had professed his love for her publicly just yesterday, and now he was caught in such a compromising situation with another woman.
Every photo was revealing the fact to her.
Did Matthew never refuse any women who threw themselves at him?
Was Matthew still the CEO of Prosperity Group who was dedicated to work?
With her breathing unsteady, Stella realized that she couldn’t trust these images blindly.
She needed to hear the truth from Matthew himself.
Summoning all her strength, she dialed his number.
Yet, his phone remained off.
Her determination remained unyielding.
She called him repeatedly, hoping for a response, but the results were invariably the same.
Stella resorted to soothing herself, reasoning that the trending topic from the previous day, announcing their marriage, must have ignited a storm of speculation.
Perhaps these images were part of a twisted prank.
Seeking validation, Stella returned to Twitter, planning to address the sender of the images.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Unfortunately, her attempts were thwarted.
She had been blocked.
The individual who had sent her the photos had challenged her and, finally, sealed her off, depriving her of the chance to ascertain the truth.
Stella felt an overwhelming sense of helplessness, and her thoughts grew muddled.
Her mind was consumed with images of Matthew in the arms of another woman, so much so that she didn’t even notice Farris approaching her.
In the end, Farris called out to her.
###chapter745
“Stella, what’s wrong with you?
Why do you look troubled?”
Startled, she looked up and their eyes locked, gradually restoring her focus.
She offered him a forced smile and said, “I’m okay.
Dr.
Barnes, you’re working so late.
Still on duty?”
“Yes, I’m on the night shift tonight,” Farris confirmed without inquiring further.
“I see.
You can carry on with your work.
”
As she made to leave, Farris stopped her.
“Stella…”
Turning to face him, she Looked at him with a puzzled expression.
“Is there something else?”
Farris, aware of the rumors circulating online, probed cautiously, “Stella, are the online reports true? Are you really married?”
The mere mention of it brought back the fury she had momentarily suppressed.
Her face darkened, and her tone turned bitterly unhappy as she replied, “Yes, but my husband is dead.
”
In a luxurious hotel room, Matthew sat on the sofa, his shirt partially unbuttoned.
He gazed up, struggling to focus, and saw a blurry figure moving before him.
Just now in the box, his wine seemed to have been mixed with something, and he became unconscious after consuming only a glass.
Fernando had aided him in reaching this hotel.
After sending him to the room, Fernando had returned to the private room and continued to help him with his social activities.
Matthew had no impression of the rest.
The woman examined the photos of their encounter with a pleased grin.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Unbeknownst to her, Matthew had regained some of his clarity.
As she prepared to depart, she suddenly contemplated an alternative course of action.
Alex had instructed her to create intimate images with Matthew and send them to Stella.
She had fulfilled her mission.
However, the thought of Matthew, the heir to Seamarsh’s wealthiest family, being at her disposal while he remained incapacitated seemed like an opportunity not to be missed.
Even if she couldn’t ultimately marry him, she believed she could extract a generous sum from him.
And if not that, the prospect of an intimate encounter with such a captivating man was still appealing.
###chapter746
Excitement pulsed through her as she abandoned her bag and advanced towards Matthew, her fingers working to undo the belt around his waist.
“Who put you up to this?”
The moment the woman’s fingers grazed Matthew’s belt, a chilling voice reverberated from above her.
Her eyes widened with fear as she looked up to find Matthew fully awake.
Her instincts screamed at her to flee.
However, in an instant, Matthew’s firm grip enveloped her wrist, immobilizing her.
“Ouch!” She grimaced, her voice tinged with desperation.
“Mr.
Clark, I swear I don’t know anything.
Let me go, please.
”
Matthew’s expression was hard as stone.
“Who sent you? Tell me now!”
His final word punctuated his growing frustration and discontent.
The woman quivered under the aura of hostility that radiated from him.
Her breath faltered and she answered, “It was Alex Avila!”
Matthew tightened his grip, intensifying her discomfort.
“Tell me everything he’s planned.
Now!”
With a pained cry, she spilled, “Alex knows the hotel manager well.
He had him distract your assistant so I could enter your room.
The plan was to snap some compromising photos of you and send them to someone named Stella.
Mr.
Clark, that’s all I’m aware of.
I didn’t harm you, I swear.
”
At the mention of Stella, Matthew’s eyes sharpened, and his jaw clenched.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He relinquished his grip on her wrist, barking, “Get out!”
Snatching her purse, the woman wasted no time scampering towards the door.
Yet her trembling legs betrayed her, causing her to stagger.
She had barely made it a few steps when Matthew’s voice halted her.
“Wait, don’t leave.
”
Her back stiffened.
She spun around, her eyes moist, and her words soaked in pleas.
“Mr.
Clark, I’ve been upfront with you, I’ve hidden nothing.
I promise never to repeat this.
Please, let me go.
”
Her tear-laden voice grated on Matthew’s nerves.
###chapter747
“Silence! I need you to send a message to Alex now.
”
The woman’s sobbing ceased abruptly, her voice quaking as she asked, “What message should I send?”
Matthew’s cold eyes locked onto hers.
“Direct Alex to the warehouse next to the construction site.
Leave your phone when you’re done, and you’re free to go.
”
If finally dawned on Matthew what Alex’s intentions were.
With rumors of his marriage already spreading, the emergence of a scandal at this moment could potentially allow Alex to reclaim the advantage in the Fairwa project.
If Alex’s scheme unfolded as he had hoped, Prosperity Group would unquestionably find itself in turmoil.
The woman typed the text with her trembling fingers as per Matthew’s dictation.
After hitting send, she set the phone on the table and made a hasty exit.
Silence enveloped the room.
Matthew massaged his temples, his thoughts drifting back to the woman’s revelation about forwarding intimate photos to Stella.
His heart tightened and he swiftly grabbed the phone.
Upon unlocking it, he discovered multiple missed calls and unread messages from Stella.
There was no time to read the texts.
Matthew immediately attempted to call Stella, but received no answer.
His unease escalated, casting a shadow of panic across his visage.
He had only recently mended fences with Stella.
He couldn’t afford to lose her again over a mere misunderstanding.
Just then, the phone on the table buzzed with a reply from Alex.
Matthew paused briefly, his brows furrowing.
He snatched up the phone and vacated the room, dialing Fernando as he strode.
“Wait for me at the hotel entrance now.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once he had dealt with Alex, he would explain everything to Stella.
In Seamarsh…
Stella tried to calm down.
The journey home had given her time to collect her thoughts.
Back at her apartment, she perched herself on her cozy sofa, the fabric enveloping her like a comforting embrace.
She refused to believe that Matthew was a playboy.
The online news and the intrusive photos had her questioning whether this was a deliberate attempt to drive a wedge between them.
After thinking for a while, Stella combed through the photos meticulously, her eyes locked on every detail.
###chapter748
It was only after a painstaking examination that she began to notice a vital discrepancy.
Matthew’s eyes were closed throughout.
It was as though he was not entirely sober, implying that someone had seized the opportunity to manipulate him in that vulnerable state.
The glimmer of realization washed over her, and for the first time in hours, she allowed herself to breathe.
It became increasingly evident that these photos were tools of manipulation aimed at creating a rift between her and Matthew.
She felt an exhilarating relief, but this was short-lived.
Concern surged once again.
If these were indeed the actions of a malicious party, Matthew might be in grave danger.
Determined, she studied the images with renewed vigor, scanning for any clues that might lead her to him.
Minutes ticked by as Stella scrutinized each frame with unwavering focus.
She was on the brink of giving up when, almost by accident, she noticed a subtle detail in one of the photos.
It was the logo of Fairwa Hotel.
This seemingly insignificant clue was the lifeline she needed to locate Matthew.
It would take about two hours to get to there by car.
She knew that it was better to go in person than to waste her time thinking too much.
Gathering her belongings, Stella finally decided to set off for Fairwa, her resolve unwavering.
During the drive, doubt clawed at her, causing her to question her own judgment.
She stared unblinkingly out of the car window, her mind consumed by trepidation.
She knew she couldn’t solely rely on her suspicions.
Everything was just her speculation after all.
But what if she really saw him with another woman when she arrived at the hotel?
Meanwhile, in a dimly lit, abandoned warehouse in Fairwa, the door was suddenly kicked open.
Alex strode in.
He pulled up a chair and sat down with his legs crossed as he reclined confidently in it.
A wicked grin danced upon his lips as he hummed a tune and tapped idly on his phone.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Yet, his joy was short-lived.
Abruptly, he felt a vice-Llike grip seize his collar, lifting him from the chair in a forceful motion.
He struggled to discern his assailant, but before he could react, his face met the cold, unforgiving wall, leaving a grotesque trail of blood in its wake.
Pain lanced through Alex’s senses as he cried out in agony, pleading, “Who is it? Let me go… Ah…”
Before he could complete his plea, his tormentor pressed his face against the wall once more, intensifying the searing pain.
He gasped and spluttered, blood trickling down his forehead, obscuring his vision.
The agony rendered him speechless.
Alex coughed crazily, tasting the blood in his mouth.
His arrogance faded away.
###chapter749
Just then, a commanding voice sliced through the air.
“Release him.
”
The steely command came from none other than Matthew.
His intentions were clear as he watched with unrelenting intensity.
His orders were met with compliance as Fernando relinquished his grip, and Alex crumpled to the floor.
Gasping for breath, Alex struggled to distance himself from Matthew, his only thoughts centered on self-preservation.
Matthew peered down at him with eyes that seemed capable of unspeakable wrath.
Alex’s heart pounded wildly as he realized the grave peril he was in.
Immediately, he tried to crawl away from Matthew with his hands and feet.
Matthew narrowed his eyes, stepped forward and kicked him hard on the back.
Alex pounced forward, desperately trying to escape with his hands supporting on the floor.
Unfortunately, Matthew stomped on his legs and crushed them.
“Ah!” The torture was too much to bear for Alex.
Beads of sweat started to trickle down his forehead as he screamed in agony.
He gritted his teeth and knew that he was doomed today.
Matthew stomped on him harder and said in a cold voice, “How dare you drug me?”
“Mr.
Clark…” Alex replied, his lips trembling.
He instinctively twisted his body, trying to escape.
“I’m sorry.
I know that I was wrong.
I won’t do it again…”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s piercing gaze remained locked on Alex.
“Say it.
How many of your men are involved in the Fairwa project?”
In the throes of pain, Alex hesitated.
Fear gripped him, but he clung to the hope that Matthew, ruthless though he was, had boundaries.
He shook his head, resolute.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.
My intention was only to drug you, to discover your vulnerabilities and ensure you’d give me a second chance.
I swear there was no ulterior motive.
”
Alex’s gamble hinged on the belief that beneath the facade of a ruthless businessman, Matthew had his limits.
He sought a means of survival.
But Matthew’s reaction was far from reassuring.
His demeanor turned colder as he let out a snort, and he issued a chilling ultimatum.
“I heard you enjoy playing cards, Alex.
You play every day.
Do you have any idea what will happen if I break your hands?”
###chapter750
Before he could reach a decision, Fernando hoisted him up and aimed a gun at his temple.
His trembling intensified, but somewhere deep inside, he still believed Matthew was merely intimidating him.
“You wouldn’t dare.
You can’t kill me.
”
“Then Let’s put it to the test,” Matthew retorted icily, signaling Fernando with a slight upward tilt of his chin.
Fernando c@@ked the gun and pressed it back against Alex’s forehead.
Terrified, Alex broke down in tears.
“Alright, alright! I’ll talk!”
Taking a shaky breath, he spilled everything he knew about the Fairwa project, under Matthew’s unyielding glare.
“The Fairwa project isn’t popular among the local power players in Fairwa.
That’s why it’s facing so much resistance.
Stevie has already infiltrated the construction team.
You’d be wise not to cross Stevie.
Otherwise, you can forget about continuing with the Fairwa project,”
Alex reminded him.
Matthew remained unimpressed by the thinly veiled warning.
Without a moment’s hesitation, he drew his own gun, chambered a round, and shot Alex in the thigh.
As the bullet tore through flesh, Alex’s face broke out in a cold sweat.
His body crumpled to the floor involuntarily.
Alex fell to his knees with a thud.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew holstered his gun and sneered, “Deliver a message to Stevie.
If he interferes with the Fairwa project again, he’ll have only himself to blame for the consequences.
”
When Matthew exited the warehouse, his expression was dark.
Alex’s cautionary words had merit.
He wouldn’t always be in Fairwa to keep an eye on Stevie’s activities against the project.
Nonetheless, this was a wake-up call.
He needed to strengthen the monitoring of the Fairwa project.
As they walked, Matthew instructed Fernando, “I’ll head back to the hotel first.
Take care of tying up loose ends here.
We’ll rendezvous at the hotel entrance before heading back to Seamarsh.
”
“Understood.
”
After a grueling two-hour drive, Stella reached Fairwa Hotel at the stroke of ten in the evening.
###chapter751
She hesitated briefly at the entrance before gathering her courage and walking in.
When she arrived at the check-in counter, she paused before asking politely, “Good evening.
I’m the public relations assistant for Mr.
Matthew Clark.
He’s requested that I deliver an important document to him.
Would you be able to confirm his room number for me?”
The receptionist offered a polite but guarded smile, responding in a measured tone, “I apologize, ma’am.
We have a policy against disclosing guest information.
You may contact the guest, and upon their consent, we can share the room number.
”
Stella quickly ruled out making a call.
She pursed her lips, pondered briefly, and then pulled a folder from her bag.
“A call at this hour would be intrusive.
This document is of pressing importance.
Could you kindly ensure it reaches him?”
Stella felt a moment of relief, thankful that she had thought to bring a document along for this very scenario.
After a moment of hesitation, the receptionist relented, swayed by the urgency etched on Stella’s face.
Expressing her thanks, Stella turned to leave.
She then began to walk away but did so at a leisurely pace, all while keeping tabs on the receptionist’s movements.
Upon noticing the receptionist heading for the elevator, Stella swiftly doubled back.
She discreetly observed from a short distance as the elevator ascended and ultimately stopped at the eighth floor.
Then she went into another elevator and made her way up the building.
As she stepped out, her eyes caught sight of the receptionist lingering by a room door.
She swiftly took cover behind a wall, effectively hidden from view.
The receptionist rang the doorbell for an extended period but to no avail.
Ultimately, she was forced to leave, document in hand.
Stella frowned, puzzled.
If Matthew wasn’t in his room, where could he be at this late hour? Or perhaps…
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She shuddered, not daring to let her mind drift further.
Confirming the coast was clear after the receptionist’s departure, Stella approached the room cautiously.
Taking a deep breath for courage, she rang the doorbell.
Yet, she was met with complete silence.
Stella gazed at the unyielding door, her brow furrowed in confusion.
Was Matthew deliberately ignoring her, or was he genuinely not in the room?
She was about to press the doorbell again when a soft ding echoed from the elevator.
A surge of nervous energy propelled her eyes to the sound.
Exiting the elevator was Matthew, much to her surprise.
For a moment, Stella’s mind went blank.
She looked around for a place to hide, but failed.
Upon noticing Stella, Matthew seemed to doubt his eyes.
A mixture of surprise and delight washed over him.
He advanced towards her, hand outstretched as if to envelop her in a hug.
But she took a reflexive step back.
###chapter752
But before she could speak, Matthew moved closer once more, this time successfully pulling her into his embrace.
Stella was momentarily stunned.
Matthew nestled his face into the nape of her neck, taking a soft inhale, relishing the unique fragrance that was distinctly Stella.
Eventually, he lifted his head, his gaze intensely focused on her.
“Why are you here so late?” he asked, his voice tinged with huskiness.
The question snapped Stella back to her purpose.
She gently pushed Matthew away and regained her composure.
“Let’s go inside first, then we can talk.
”
Though puzzled, Matthew complied and used his keycard to unlock the door.
As it swung open, Stella entered, quickly surveying the space.
The room was as it appeared in the photographs, unoccupied, with no sign of anything unusual.
She turned to face Matthew.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Where were you just now?”
Instead of taking umbrage, Matthew seemed almost pleased by her query.
It meant that she cared.
A slight smile played at the corners of his lips.
“So you do care about me, don’t you?”
“You want to know why I’m here?” Stella pulled out her phone and tapped her way through her album.
“I received photos of you with another woman.
I came to check if the man in the photos was you.
”
She extended the phone screen to Matthew.
Ignoring the photos entirely, Matthew confessed without hesitation, “Yes, it’s me, but rest assured, nothing happened between us.
”
His hand found Stella’s, and he looked into her eyes, his voice filled with conviction.
Matthew’s voice was calm and sincere.
###chapter753
“Something happened to the project.
And the woman was sent to my room to set me up.
I was sedated with sleeping pills, entirely unconscious, unaware she was taking those photos to send to you.
But I’ve already taken care of the issue.
”
Matthew’s visible unease allowed Stella to exhale in relief.
She smoothed his furrowed brow and grinned.
“I believe you.
”
Matthew was emotionally moved by Stella’s trust in him.
His hands gently cupped her face, his eyes fixating on hers, about to speak when his phone broke the tension.
The intimate moment was disturbed.
The incoming call was from Fernando.
Matthew’s expression immediately clouded over.
Recognizing Fernando’s name on the screen, Stella cleared her throat.
“You should answer that.
”
“No need.
” Matthew quickly declined the call and clasped Stella’s hand.
“Let’s head home.
”
As they stepped out of the hotel, Fernando pulled up in a car.
His eyes widened upon seeing Stella.
“Mrs.
Clark, you’re here!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
His formal address and respectful demeanor momentarily threw Stella off balance.
Misinterpreting her reaction, Fernando assumed there was a misunderstanding between Stella and Matthew.
He hastily began to clarify, “Mr.
Clark was drugged with sleeping pills and-“
“There’s no need for explanations.
I’m already aware.
” Stella cut him off.
“Let’s go home.
”
Without another word, Fernando opened the rear door of the car for her.
Once both of them were seated, the car slowly left the hotel entrance.
Inside the car, Matthew grasped Stella’s hand, his voice subdued.
###chapter754
“Are you still bothered by what transpired earlier?”
Stella shook her head.
“No, I’m not upset with you anymore.
”
Whether he was Matthew or Maverick, he had consistently been her support.
Initially, she couldn’t accept that she was deceived, particularly when Matthew’s true identity came to Light.
But she now understood that he wasn’t entirely to blame.
She believed that if they tackled life’s challenges together, they could overcome their complicated roles and create a stable marital life.
Feeling Stella’s hand tighten within his own, Matthew’s heart swelled with elation.
He gently caressed her face and proposed, “Let’s go home.
I’ll ask Erin to prepare some food for us.
”
Stella could feel the excitement veiled in his tone.
Stella lightly pursed her lips and responded, “Matthew, while I don’t hold any grudge against you, I can’t live with you just yet.
Once my grandfather is discharged from the hospital, I’ll look for a separate place.
How about we begin with dating?”
Though disappointed, Matthew managed a smile.
He respected Stella’s autonomy.
Their marriage had indeed been hasty, devoid of the romantic stages that typically precede such a commitment.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Despite mutual confessions of affection, he wanted to ensure that Stella had no regrets and that their relationship wouldn’t start badly.
Regaining his composure, Matthew replied, “Alright, we can start with a date, then.
”
His solemn tone made Stella feel slightly bashful and a subtle blush tinted her cheeks.
Fortunately, the car’s dim lighting concealed her embarrassment.
Matthew pinched Stella’s earlobe playfully.
“It’s already late, though.
Why not spend the night at Prosper Bay? We can start house- hunting tomorrow.
”
Stella nodded, and a silence enveloped the car.
The vehicle moved smoothly through the night.
Stella had endured high levels of stress throughout the entire night.
As she finally began to unwind, a gentle wave of drowsiness overcame her, and she drifted off to sleep in the car.
Sensing something against his shoulder, Matthew turned to find Stella nuzzling in.
He gently patted Fernando, who was seated in front of him, signaling to him to maintain a steady pace.
He gently readjusted Stella’s position and cradled her in his arms.
###chapter755
His hand stroked her back soothingly.
Listening to her even breaths close to his ear, he found himself unable to resist.
Gently, he lowered his head to plant a ki*s on her forehead.
Matthew enveloped her in a protective embrace.
He held the pose, making no further movements.
Resting his chin on top of Stella’s head, he savored the subtle scent of her hair and closed his eyes contentedly.
Moments later, his phone vibrated.
It was a video call from Lucia.
Matthew frowned.
It was unusually late for Lucia to still be awake.
Concerned it might be urgent, he answered the call.
Peering down at the slumbering Stella in his arms, he whispered, “Grandma, what’s going on? It’s late.
”
“I’ve been trying to reach you all day.
Why haven’t you picked up?”
Lucia’s voice brimmed with both urgency and irritation.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Patiently, Matthew responded, “I was in Fairwa handling some matters.
My phone died, and I’ve just now charged it.
”
Lucia’s demeanor softened slightly.
“What about the rumors online?
How are you and Stella?”
She raised her voice, prompting Matthew to gesture for her to lower the volume.
He Lowered his eyes.
Stella stirred restlessly, seemingly agitated by the noise.
Matthew soothed her, and she drifted back into sleep.
Lifting his head, he reassured Lucia, “She’s here with me, and she’s just fallen asleep.
”
A mix of surprise and joy crossed Lucia’s face, though skepticism lingered.
“Let me see her.
It’s been too long since I last saw Stella.
”
Matthew reluctantly aimed the phone’s camera at Stella.
“Grandma, see? You should get some sleep,” he advised.
Lucia seemed appeased at the sight of them nestled together.
Before ending the call, she added, “Take good care of Stella, and bring her to see me soon.
”
###chapter756
Stella hadn’t visited the Clark family estate since their wedding.
Lucia had been yearning for this reunion for quite some time.
Acknowledging her request, Matthew disconnected the call.
They reached Prosper Bay shortly thereafter.
The car came to a halt, and Stella awoke.
She rubbed her eyes and realized she was still nestled against Matthew’s chest.
Blushing, she stammered, “I’m sorry, I fell asleep.
”
Then, she freed herself from his embrace.
Matthew felt a sudden wave of numbness and tingling course through him.
Suppressing a hiss, he shifted his position.
Stella noticed his movement and felt even more mortified, realizing she’d been resting against him for the entire ride.
Matthew extended a hand to tousle her hair.
“Let’s get out of the car.
Have something to eat before heading to bed.
”
As he finished, he stepped out and extended his hand to guide Stella into the villa.
Erin had already set the table with an assortment of dishes that looked scrumptious.
They settled at the table and began to dine.
Matthew noticed Stella picking at her food and set down his fork, fixing his gaze on her.
“Don’t you like them? What would you prefer?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
I can ask for something else.
”
He feigned rising from his chair.
Stella quickly stopped him.
“No, it’s not that.
I just woke up, so I’m not really hungry.
”
Matthew scrutinized her expression, as though assessing the sincerity of her words.
After a pause, he finally asked, “What do you enjoy eating? Do you have any dietary restrictions?”
Previously, their conversations had revolved mainly around work; he knew little about her personal life.
Being in a relationship now, it was time to delve deeper, starting with her culinary preferences.
###chapter757
“I don’t have any dietary restrictions.
I usually prefer lighter, natural flavors, like shrimps, for example,” Stella offered.
Finding common ground, they finished their meal in delight.
After leaving the dining area, Stella prepared to retire to her room.
Matthew stopped her.
“Wait a moment,” he said, disappearing into his room.
When he returned, he held an elegant gift box.
“This is for you.
I hope you Like it.
Get some rest.
” He placed the box into Stella’s hands.
Back in her room, Stella inspected the ornate box.
It was undeniably exquisite.
Carefully, she opened it to reveal a necklace and a ring.
The ring looked familiar; it was identical to the wedding band Matthew had worn.
Clearly, they were a matching pair of couple’s rings.
She slipped the ring onto her finger, and it fit as though it were made just for her.
An inexplicable surge of excitement quickened her heartbeat.
In Fairwa…
Alex rushed to the hospital to have the bullet removed, hastily bandaged his wounds, and hurried back to confront a visibly irate Stevie.
He secretly prayed that Stevie would be lenient once he saw his visibly distressed state.
“sir,” Alex called, his eyes filled with apprehension as he gazed at the man seated at the desk before him.
Stevie sat with his long legs crossed, his frame reclined against the chair.
His eyes were half-shut as he completely ignored Alex.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Taking Stevie’s silence as a sign of acquiescence, Alex gained courage and began ranting about Matthew’s audacity.
“Matthew is undermining your authority.
He asked you to stay away from the Fairwa project.
How arrogant! These injuries are all his doing.
Sir, we can’t just let him off the hook…”
Stevie’s eyes abruptly opened, radiating an icy cruelty that cut Alex short.
“S-Sir.
.
Alex stuttered, his voice quivering.
“Fool! You can’t even manage a trivial Fairwa project!”
Stevie’s voice was so forceful that Alex’s injured leg gave way, causing him to kneel.
“I know I was wrong! But Matthew is formidably cunning.
I’ve done all I could.
”
###chapter758
Alex tried to defend himself.
Stevie ignored him, his fingers drumming a rhythmic pattern on the table.
Grinding his teeth, he muttered, “Matthew.
”
He snorted dismissively, already plotting numerous strategies to handle Matthew.
Two days later, Clint was going to undergo his final medical check-up before being discharged from the hospital.
Stella had stayed by his side throughout his stay.
As the nurse wheeled Clint away for the examination, Stella could hardly keep her eyes open.
Setting an alarm for twenty minutes, she decided to take a brief nap before watching Clint undergo his tests.
Meanwhile, at Prosperity Group, Matthew was keenly aware that today was Clint’s final examination.
Hastily wrapping up urgent tasks, he sped to the hospital.
He knew about Stella’s constant vigil beside Clint in the last couple of days and was concerned for her well-being.
Reaching the ward’s entrance, he was about to push the door open when he peered through the glass window.
There he saw Stella, lying at the edge of the bed, just as Farris reached over to cover her with a blanket.
Matthew’s eyes narrowed.
He had harbored reservations about Farris ever since their first encounter at Cordell’s birthday party.
At the time, however, he had been preoccupied with smoothing things over with Stella and had chosen to disregard Farris.
What he hadn’t expected was that even after his relationship with Stella had gone public, Farris still hadn’t backed off.
Pushing the door open, Matthew entered the room.
Farris, catching sight of the unexpected visitor, recognized him instantly.
“Be advised, this is a private ward-no unauthorized entry.
”
No unauthorized entry?
Matthew’s lips tightened into a thin Line.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He cast an icy glance at the identification badge on Farris’ coat and responded, “Dr.
Barnes, I am Stella’s husband.
I’ll take it from here.
”
Undeterred, Farris shot back, “If you’re her husband, then you ought to be taking proper care of her.
”
The two men stood there, facing each other across the narrow bed, tension crackling between them.
Just then, a shrill alarm broke the silence.
Stella silenced the alarm clock and woke up, visibly startled by the electric atmosphere in the room.
She immediately sat up, causing the blanket that had been covering her to slide onto the floor.
###chapter759
She picked it up and walked over to Matthew, asking softly, “Why are you here?”
Matthew’s taut expression eased at her gesture, although a hint of tension remained.
“I came to keep you company,” he said, pulling Stella into his embrace.
Aware of what was on his mind, Stella quickly clarified, “Dr.
Barnes is my grandpa’s primary physician and also a good friend of mine.
”
Still holding Stella tightly and remaining visibly pensive, Matthew said nothing.
Stella had no choice but to address Farris.
“Dr.
Barnes, my grandpa’s test results haven’t come in yet.
Perhaps you should go to work.
”
Though clearly reluctant, Farris knew he had no reason to linger around.
“I’ll return when the results are available,” he said before going out.
Once the door closed, Stella heaved a sigh of relief.
Only then did she notice that Matthew was dressed in a black and gray suit, the one she had previously gifted to Maverick.
Observing his still somber face, Stella couldn’t resist teasing, “Are you jealous?”
Matthew averted his gaze, concealing the turmoil within.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“No, it’s just that I didn’t treat you well enough.
”
That was why another man harbored unspoken intentions toward her.
Stella felt a surge of happiness at Matthew’s display of emotion.
Jealousy and possessiveness only sprout when genuine affection was involved.
She was about to articulate her thoughts when a knock interrupted her.
The nurse gently pushed the door open, announcing, “The patient’s examination is complete.
”
Following her words, she wheeled Clint into the room.
“Matthew?” Clint’s eyes widened in surprise.
“What brings you here?”
Seizing the handles of the wheelchair from the nurse, Matthew guided Clint into the room.
“Well, you are like my grandfather.
It’s my responsibility to look after you.
”
###chapter760
The words warmed the older man’s heart.
Turning to Stella, Clint beckoned her closer.
“I have something to tell you.
Please, both of you, come here.
”
Puzzled but compliant, Stella and Matthew approached.
They took their seats.
With a gratified grin, Clint scanned their faces with his luminous eyes.
He clasped Stella’s hand and gently patted it.
“You’ve gone above and beyond in taking care of me.
”
“Grandpa, don’t mention it.
I’d do anything for you, as long as you’re well,” Stella assured him.
Clint smiled.
“You are indeed a dutiful granddaughter.
”
After a brief pause, he shifted his focus to Matthew.
“Seeing you and Stella together brings me great joy.
I have a request.
Can you promise me something?”
“Please, go on,” Matthew said respectfully.
“I’ll completely recover soon.
After I go back to Bysea, Stella will only have you to lean on in this city.
Please take good care of her, okay?”
Without hesitation, Matthew replied, “Of course.
Stella is my wife.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
I vow to take exceptional care of her and shield her from any hardships.
”
“Very well.
” Satisfied, Clint simply nodded.
Clint took Matthew’s hand and interlaced it with Stella’s.
Offering a compassionate smile, he advised, “A successful marriage thrives on mutual support.
After I leave, it’s imperative that you two live in harmony.
Discuss any issues openly, and always value each other’s perspectives to avoid deepening misunderstandings.
”
“Grandpa…” Stella’s voice choked with emotion.
Matthew tightened his grip on Stella’s hand and promised, “Don’t worry.
I’ll take excellent care of Stella.
”
Feeling Matthew’s warm palm envelop hers, Stella felt a comforting warmth spread through her.
“I’ll do my best to understand Matthew and nurture our marriage, Grandpa,” she pledged.
With a gratified nod, Clint released their hands.
###chapter761
He then reached into the bedside table, pulled out an envelope, and presented it to Stella.
Puzzled, Stella asked, “What’s this?”
“Open it,” Clint directed, lifting his chin slightly.
Stella accepted the thin envelope from his hand, puzzled about its contents.
Carefully opening the slim envelope, she discovered their marriage certificate inside.
She was dumbfounded.
Clint broke into a smile.
“I’ve held onto this for quite a while.
It’s time it returned to its rightful owners.
The rest of your life is now yours to shape.
”
“Grandpa…” Unable to find the right words, Stella simply embraced Clint, tears spilling from her eyes.
The next day, Oliver returned from his globetrotting adventure, landing at Seamarsh Airport.
Fresh off the plane, he dropped by the hospital and took Clint back to Bysea.
After going through the discharge formalities for the old man, Matthew and Stella said goodbye to Clint.
As he prepared to leave, Matthew observed Clint’s wistful expression and reassured him, “You’re always welcome back in Seamarsh.
”
Clint nodded and exchanged a few parting words with Stella before stepping into the car.
As the car drove away, Stella kept waving her hand.
Tears were welling up i
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
n her eyes, and her heart was full of sadness and reluctance.
.
Only after the car vanished from view did Matthew shift his attention back to Stella.
Her eyes were brimming with tears.
Matthew enveloped her in a warm embrace, cradling her face in his hand.
His voice tinged with compassion, he said, “Don’t be sad.
If you miss your grandpa, we can visit him in Bysea whenever you’d like.
”
Tears cascaded down Stella’s cheeks.
Matthew gently lowered his head and ki*sed her forehead.
“Stop crying.
If you continue, people will think I’ve mistreated you.
”
At that, Stella glanced around and noticed the occasional passerby casting curious glances their way.
She sniffled, regaining her composure before pulling away from Matthew.
###chapter762
Gazing at him, she said with a nasal tone, “I’m okay.
You can head to work.
I need some time alone.
I have a meeting with a real estate agent to pick out a place.
”
She intended to rent an apartment near Miley’s company, which could double as her studio.
Matthew studied her, noting the tears clinging to her lashes.
He extended a hand to gently wipe her eyes, declaring, “I’m coming with you.
We’re a couple.
Your concerns are mine as well.
”
Stella’s lips tightened.
Before she could articulate her refusal, a voice called her name from behind.
“Stella…”
Turning, she saw Farris approaching them.
Instinctively, she looked at Matthew.
His expression had become noticeably darker.
Seeking to avoid an awkward situation, Stella urged Matthew to go.
“Perhaps Dr.
Barnes forgot to mention some specific instructions.
Wait for me in the car.
I’ll join you shortly.
”
Matthew’s lips pressed together in visible displeasure.
Stella nudged him once more, her voice laced with a hint of playful insistence.
“Could you please wait in the car for me? I promise it won’t take long.
”
Finally, Matthew relented, deciding not to make the moment any more challenging for her.
As he climbed into the car, Stella released a quiet sigh of relief.
“Stella…” Farris halted before her, his breath slightly uneven.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She turned to face him, offering a courteous smile.
“Dr.
Barnes, is something the matter?”
Farris seemed momentarily at a loss for words, gathering his thoughts.
Regaining his composure, he said, “I was performing surgery.
I was going to see your grandpa off, but I came late.
”
“Your kindness means the world to us, Dr.
Barnes.
My grandfather and I are immensely grateful.
If it weren’t for you, his recovery wouldn’t have been as swift,” Stella replied, her tone sincere.
Just then, a horn blared in the distance.
Turning her gaze to where the sound originated, Farris locked eyes with Matthew.
###chapter763
It was clear Matthew was growing restless and discontented.
Understanding his silent urging, Stella offered Farris a polite smile.
“Dr.
Barnes, if there’s nothing urgent, I must be on my way.
Thank you for your care of my grandfather.
”
Sensing this, Farris dispensed with any further hesitation.
He stopped Stella and inquired, “May I have your contact details?”
Concerned that his request might appear too sudden, he elaborated, “If any issues arise with your grandfather, this way it will be easier for you to reach me.
”
Stella, without much deliberation, exchanged numbers with Farris, thanking him before hastily getting into the car.
The moment she buckled her seatbelt, the car sped away from the hospital.
The real estate agent Stella had been in contact with was named Cesar Finch.
A tall, lanky young man with a charming demeanor, he persistently addressed Stella as Mrs.
Clark, which noticeably softened Matthew’s expression.
Cesar led them through the available apartments, noting, “The location offers easy commuting and there’s a large supermarket just downstairs.
The apartment faces south, ensuring plenty of natural light.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella took out her phone and meticulously began photographing the apartment.
Matthew discreetly pulled Cesar aside.
“Mr.
Clark, any particular requirements?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Casting a sidelong glance at Stella, Matthew murmured, “Offer it to her at the price she suggests.
I’ll make up for the rest.
”
He noticed Stella seemed quite pleased with this apartment.
The only obstacle was the price.
Cesar nodded in understanding.
“As you wish, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew wasn’t one to haggle.
He had no qualms about spending money as long as the service was up to his standards.
“Introduce her to the best available options nearby and keep this between us,” Matthew instructed further.
Cesar nodded repeatedly.
“Rest assured, I will find an apartment that Mrs.
Clark will be more than happy with.
”
After their discreet agreement, Cesar showed Stella a few more housing options.
Finally, Stella settled on an apartment with an optimal location, beautiful views, and inexplicably “affordable” rent.
###chapter764
As she prepared to sign the lease, she couldn’t shake off her disbelief at the rate.
She double-checked with Cesar.
“Is this price real? Are there any hidden issues?”
“Certainly not, Mrs.
Clark.
I wouldn’t dare to deceive you or someone as influential as Mr.
Clark,” Cesar assured her.
“The owner is going abroad soon, so he is in a hurry to rent out the apartment.
That’s why the rent is so low.
”
“Don’t overthink it.
If you like the place, just go for it,” Matthew said.
His words dispelled any lingering doubts Stella had, putting her completely at ease.
After Stella and Cesar finalized the contract, Cesar courteously escorted them out.
Matthew cast his gaze downward, asking, “What’s your next move?”
“I plan to return to Miley’s villa to gather my belongings,” Stella replied softly.
She hadn’t visited the place in days.
‘s BunnyBookery
Now that she’d secured an apartment, it was time to organize for the journey ahead.
“Let me drive you there.
”
“No, it’s unnecessary,” Stella retorted, her brow furrowing.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“You’ve spent enough time with me today.
You should head back to the office.
I can just catch a cab.
”
Before she could complete her sentence, Matthew abruptly closed the distance between them, leaning in until she could feel his breath.
Flustered, Stella wasn’t sure what she’d said to provoke such intensity.
“Stella, never forget that I am your husband.
It’s perfectly acceptable for you to request anything of me,” Matthew articulated, enunciating each word.
He felt that Stella’s politeness often distanced her, making her seem more like an employee than a wife.
Having never experienced love himself, he couldn’t help but notice the effortless connection between Neville and his female companion, which made him wonder if there was a significant issue between him and Stella.
They were too polite to each other.
“You don’t have to be so polite to me,” Matthew added sternly.
Struggling to find the words, Stella finally said, looking somewhat helpless, “I apologize, I just-“
“It’s my fault,” Matthew interjected, gripping her hand tightly.
“Didn’t we promise your grandfather that we’d communicate openly if issues arose? Let’s not misunderstand each other again.
”
###chapter765
Stella looked up at him, momentarily spellbound.
“Get in the car.
I’ll take you to Prosper Bay,” Matthew insisted, squeezing her hand.
“If you need anything else, just let me know.
”
“Okay.
Stella acquiesced, still acclimating to their evolving relationship.
As they drove, Stella remained silent.
Matthew glanced at her before refocusing on the road.
“What are your plans after leaving Prosperity Group?”
Excited by the subject, Stella finally said, “I intend to establish a design studio.
”
Noticing Matthew’s furrowed brows, she added hastily, “I know it’s challenging to start a new business, but I’m young.
I believe I’ll find success eventually.
”
At a red light, Matthew looked intently at Stella and grinned.
“I have no doubt you’ll succeed.
Your determination is incredibly charming.
”
Stella was taken aback, hearing Matthew’s endearing words for the first time.
As she regained her composure, a warm blush crept across her cheeks.
Sheepishly, she turned on the car radio, murmuring, ““Flattery will get you everywhere.
”
It seemed that ever since they’d committed to being together, Matthew had changed dramatically, leaving her often unsure how to react.
Just then, a news bulletin caught their attention.
“International brand Blue Flame is seeking a design partner in Seamarsh for their upcoming autumn collection.
Mia Dury, the team leader, is soon to arrive.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s eyes sparkled, her earlier awkwardness forgotten.
“This is it, our opportunity,” she said, turning to Matthew with a great smile.
When Stella arrived at Prosper Bay, she pushed open the door to find Miley at home, busily trying on various outfits in front of a mirror.
“Why aren’t you at the office? What’s going on here?” Stella inquired, noting the disarray of clothing strewn across the floor.
Upon seeing Stella, Miley dropped the garment she was holding and rushed over.
“Finally, you’re here! So you do remember this place exists! Clearly, staying at Matthew’s villa is more to your liking,”
Stella felt a little apologetic.
“I’m sorry.
I didn’t mean to stay away, it’s just that-“
###chapter766
“No need to explain,” Miley cut her off cheerily, giving her an insinuating smile.
“So, how was it? Did Matthew live up to your expectations?”
Stella remained momentarily stunned.
Once she grasped Miley’s meaning, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment.
“Let’s be serious,” she retorted, steering the conversation in a different direction as she nudged Miley.
“Why are you trying on all these clothes? Is there some sort of event?”
With a sigh, Miley picked up a long velvet dress she’d tossed aside earlier.
“My parents are back in town and want to meet up.
”
“Why the sudden visit?” Stella’s brow furrowed.
“Did they find out about what happened to your company?”
“I’m not sure.
I’ll find out when I see them,” Miley responded, slipping into her dress.
Then, shifting gears, she probed, “So, have you and Matthew…you know…gotten intimate? Is he attentive to you?”
“Absolutely not.
” Stella rolled her eyes.
“Right now, I’m focused on restarting my career.
I’ll take my time figuring out my relationship.
”
Miley looked like she wanted to add something else, but Stella interrupted, “Weren’t you saying your parents are expecting you?
Isn’t it getting late?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Glancing at her watch, Miley yelped, “Crap! I’ve got to go!”
Grabbing her purse, she bolted out the door.
Miley managed to arrive at the restaurant just in time.
Spotting her parents from afar, she was about to wave enthusiastically when she noticed another person seated at the table.
As the young man lifted his head, their eyes met.
Miley’s smile froze.
Why on earth was Neville here? What could he possibly be doing at this gathering?
Miley stood frozen, unable to move for what seemed an eternity.
Her mother, Ellie Cullen, glanced at the door as if sensing her daughter’s hesitation.
###chapter767
“Miley, come quick.
”
Snapping back to reality, Miley furrowed her brows and made her way toward the table, where only one seat remained.
It was right next to Neville.
“We’ve been waiting for you,” Ellie said as she gestured for Miley to sit.
“Allow me to introduce Neville Pierce-“
Before she could finish her words, Miley interrupted her.
“We’re already acquainted,” Miley cut in, her tone flat.
“Really?” Ellie looked puzzled.
“And how is it that you two know each other? Why didn’t you tell me?”
Miley simply scowled, unwilling to elaborate.
Neville chimed in.
“Miley and I are business associates.
She’s a very promising talent, and I’ve always admired her work ethic “Aha,” Ellie said, as if a light bulb had switched on.
Her satisfaction with Neville visibly increased.
After all, he was not only young and attractive but also charming.
Miley, however, was far from charmed.
To her, Neville was nothing but a slick talker, eager to win favor.
She didn’t trust him one bit.
She diverted her gaze from Neville and turned to her mother with a forced smile.
“Mom, this is supposed to be a family dinner.
Why have you invited an outsider?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She emphasized the last word pointedly.
Ellie shot her a reproachful Look before replying with a bright smile, “Neville is hardly an outsider.
He’s the man your father and I thought might be a good match for you “What?” Miley was dumbstruck.
“A match?”
Her father, Judd Cullen, smiled warmly.
“His father introduced us.
Both your mother and I feel you two would be quite compatible.
So, we wanted to use this occasion to have you meet.
”
Judd was a renowned doctor overseas, while Ellie had built her own business empire.
She’d initially started her entrepreneurial journey for her husband’s sake and eventually expanded it internationally.
###chapter768
Miley, however, preferred to stay closer to home.
Ellie wasn’t able to convince her daughter, so she left some funds for Miley to establish herself professionally in Seamarsh in hopes Miley would eventually choose to venture abroad.
That assumption had proven wrong.
Several years had passed, and Miley had made it clear that she intended to stay in Seamarsh indefinitely.
While her parents respected her decision, they couldn’t ignore the fact that she was getting older and still had no significant other in her life.
Concerned that Miley might face difficulties on her own in Seamarsh, Ellie and Judd took time off their busy schedules to travel there with the sole purpose of finding her a suitable boyfriend.
Miley quickly masked her shock and rejected the idea outright.
“Dad, Mom, Neville and I are merely business partners.
While he’s undoubtedly accomplished, he’s not my type.
”
Her words belied her true feelings.
Neville was, in fact, exactly her type, but his playboy reputation was a deal-breaker for her.
Exchanging uncertain glances, Ellie and Judd were at a loss what to do next.
Neville, however, seized the moment.
“I believe I could make an effort to form a more personal relationship with Miley,” he said, locking eyes with her.
Miley interpreted his smile as sinister.
She lowered her voice, cautioning him, “Don’t toy with me His eyebrows arched subtly, and his tone turned solemn.
“I’m serious.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Sensing an opening, Ellie jumped in.
“Miley, since you already have a working relationship with Neville, you know what kind of person he is.
Perhaps you should consider giving him a chance so you could get to know him better.
Men of his caliber are few and far between.
”
Miley was tempted to , but the resolute look in her mother’s eyes gave her pause.
She thought her relentless refusal would make things worse.
It was their first meal together in a long while and she didn’t want this dinner with her parents to end in a squabble.
“Let’s just eat for now.
I’m hungry.
”
Relieved, Ellie also decided not to press the issue.
She signaled the waiter to serve the meal.
Throughout dinner, Neville was the picture of decorum, answering Ellie and Judd’s queries with poise and patience.
Miley, however, was preoccupied, puzzling over Neville’s true intentions.
As the meal concluded, Miley seized the opportunity to remind Neville, “Aren’t you swamped with company matters?”
###chapter769
“Those can wait.
I have plenty of time for you, he responded with a sly grin.
Miley’s expression clouded over.
Ever the optimist, Ellie chimed in, “Your father and I are planning a walk.
Why don’t you let Neville drive you home?”
Before Miley could decline, Neville gave a welcoming nod and assured Ellie, “Of course, I’ll make sure Miley gets home safely.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Thank you,” Ellie responded, visibly pleased.
“Let’s go, Miley,” Neville said, placing his hand on her shoulder as they made their way out.
Miley shot him a glare, her irritation exacerbated by his smug demeanor.
But with her parents watching, she held back from making a scene.
On the way, Miley shut her eyes after settling in the car, radiating a clear unwillingness to engage in conversation.
Casting a sidelong glance at her, Neville quipped, “Didn’t see this coming today, did you?”
With her eyes still closed, Miley retorted curtly, “No, I didn’t Her brow furrowed in visible irritation.
Unable to contain himself, Neville burst into laughter.
Miley snapped her eyes open, fixed an icy glare on him, and admonished, “Listen, whatever reason you had for showing up in front of my parents today, just keep your distance from me.
I’ve met my share of men, but I’m not one to fool around.
”
As it happened, they reached a stoplight and the car came to a halt.
Neville turned to her with a serious expression he rarely wore.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What if I genuinely wish to get to know you better? Would you consider giving me a chance?”
For the first time, Miley found herself unnervingly close to Neville.
As she met his sincere gaze, her heart quickened its pace.
She sensed a marked shift in his behavior.
Struggling for words, Miley was about to speak.
But then, Neville looked away and chuckled sardonically.
“Did you actually fall for that? I didn’t take you to be so naive.
”
Jolted back to reality, Miley felt a surge of anger.
She lunged at him, landing a forceful punch.
“Have you lost your mind?”
###chapter770
Just as she was about to further chastise him, the sound of a horn blared from behind them.
The light had turned green.
Angrily reclaiming her seat, Miley warned, “Say one more word, and I’m leaving this car.
”
Turning her attention to the window, Miley then closed her eyes, pointedly ignoring Neville.
Whether it was his undeniable good looks or the fleeting sincerity she’d seen in his eyes earlier, she felt a pang of disappointment at his last remark.
The thought that things could have evolved differently lingered in her mind, fueling her internal tirade against him.
Neville had proven himself a true charmer, skilled at doling out empty promises and sweet nothings.
‘s BunnyBookery
Perhaps heeding Miley’s warning, Neville remained uncharacteristically silent for the remainder of the drive, refraining from teasing her.
As the car came to a stop, Miley unbuckled her seatbelt, preparing to get out.
But Neville interjected, “If you ever want to give us a chance, feel free to call me.
”
His voice and expression remained neutral.
Annoyed by the reminder of his earlier deception, Miley shot him a withering look.
“Keep your distance and don’t bother me again,” she retorted, exiting the car and striding towards the villa without a backward glance.
No sooner had she entered her home than her phone rang.
It was Ellie.
Taking a deep breath, Miley answered, “Mom, what is it?”
Ellie cut to the chase.
“What’s your opinion of Neville? If you’re not satisfied with him, it’s fine.
I’ve lined up several other suitable men for you to consider.
”
“Mom!” Miley couldn’t believe her ears.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Your father and I returned this time specifically to find you a partner,” Ellie continued, her tone stern.
“Either you come back with us or choose someone here.
We won’t leave Seamarsh until we know you’re in good company.
”
Miley had no desire to be restricted by their plans, and as a result, she had no intention of going abroad.
However, she had no intention of falling in love, especially not with Neville.
But given Ellie’s track record of following through, Miley had Little room to maneuver.
Weighing her options, she finally decided it might be less troublesome to feign a connection with Neville than to get involved with a stranger.
After some deliberation, Miley answered, “Neville’s a great guy.
###chapter771
“That’s good.
” After getting her answer, Ellie hung up the phone with satisfaction.
Just as Miley was about to exhale in relief, a tentative voice behind her queried, “Since when have you had such a good relationship with Neville?”
Miley felt a jolt of surprise.
Twisting around, she found Stella eyeing her with curiosity.
In a fluster, she retorted, “Neville and I are strictly professional associates.
Why would you think we’re anything more?”
Skepticism colored Stella’s expression.
“You did say you were planning to maintain a relationship with Neville.
”
“That was just a ruse for my mother,” Miley clarified, guiding Stella to the sofa.
Settling into the cushions, Stella wasted no time.
“So how does your mom even know him?”
Leaning back into the sofa, Miley exhaled deeply.
“My parents are trying to set us up,” she divulged, recalling her encounter with Neville that evening.
“What a coincidence!” Stella couldn’t hold back her astonishment.
“It’s almost as if fate is intertwining your paths.
You coincidentally met him before, and now your parents are playing matchmaker.
Maybe you should give some serious thought to being with him.
”
“Absolutely not,” Miley said, her tone unequivocal.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“The whole idea irks me.
”
“Just suggesting you mull it over.
After all, you’re both single and seemingly compatible in many ways,” Stella said.
“We’ll talk about this some other time.
” Shaking her head dismissively, Miley redirected the conversation.
“What have you been up to today?”
“My studio lease is finalized,” Stella reported candidly.
“After a good clean-up in the next couple of days, I can move in.
I’m brainstorming ways to make it successful.
”
Even though Stella had successfully completed multiple projects at Prosperity Group and gained some notoriety, venturing out to start her own business still filled her with a measure of apprehension.
Yet, she knew she had to take the plunge if she ever wanted to make significant strides forward.
As Stella spoke, her eyes gleamed with anticipation.
###chapter772
“Once I establish my own brand, you can bet I’ll bring you along for the ride to fortune.
”
Miley playfully prodded her, “So, esteemed chief designer, who’s your inaugural target? Got any big plans?”
“Absolutely, Stella declared, arching an eyebrow for emphasis.
She unlocked her phone, swiped through a few screens, and then turned the display to Miley.
“This is…” Miley stared at the phone in disbelief.
She grabbed it to examine the details more closely.
Finally, she looked up at Stella, astonished.
“You’re aiming for Mia?”
Stella gave a confirming nod.
“Let me calm down,” Miley said, then stared intently at Stella.
“You’re seriously setting your sights on such a high-profile individual? We’re talking about Mia!”
Fearful of denting Stella confidence, Miley added, “It’s not that I underestimate you.
It’s just that Mia’s brand, Blue Flame, is incredibly renowned.
You’re just starting out, and you’re up against top-tier designers.
I worry you can’t take them on solo.
”
“I’m not alone,” Stella reassured her, wrapping Miley in a comforting embrace.
“I’ve got you, haven’t I? I’m not concerned in the Least.
If I fail, I’ll simply start anew.
But what I can’t afford to be is a coward.
”
Miley swallowed hard.
“So, what’s your strategy?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’ve found out which hotel Mia will be staying at in Seamarsh in the coming days.
The moment I see her, my opportunity will arise,”
Stella asserted with unwavering confidence.
Perhaps it was Stella’s assured tone that eased Miley’s concerns.
Holding Stella’s hand firmly, Miley said, “In that case, concentrate on this venture for the next few days.
If you need any help, reach out to me anytime.
”
Stella responded with an enthusiastic nod.
“Will do.
”
Two days later, Stella finalized the lease and settled into her new apartment.
Miley was exuberant, dialing up numerous friends and announcing she would host a housewarming party in Stella’s honor.
###chapter773
Eager to usher in a fresh chapter in her life, Stella accepted the gesture without hesitation.
That evening, a wave of familiar faces flooded the living room, quickly immersing themselves in revelry.
Meanwhile, Stella was in the kitchen, diligently frying chicken legs.
Hot oil spattered haphazardly, causing Stella to furrow her brows.
She’d donned a light-colored dress for the occasion but had forgotten to wear an apron, too engrossed in dredging the chicken legs in flour.
Eyeing the flour still clinging to her fingers, she cautiously sidestepped the bubbling oil and yelled out, “Miley! Could you come to the kitchen?”
Assuming it was Miley who entered, Stella didn’t turn around and instructed, “Grab the apron over there and help me tie it, would you?
My hands are covered in flour.
”
She then resumed her focus on the chicken legs.
Instead, a pair of male hands reached around her and secured the apron at her waist.
“Is there anything else I can assist you with?” asked a gentle male voice.
Startled, Stella’s grip on a chicken leg wavered, and it plummeted into the sizzling oil.
The oil splashed.
Matthew swiftly grabbed her by the waist and yanked her away from the stove.
Hot oil continued to sizzle and pop in the pan.
Wearing a look of concern, Matthew asked, “Did you get hurt?”
“I’m fine,” Stella assured him, shaking her head.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“When did you get here?”
“Just now,” Matthew replied.
Releasing her, he leaned to turn off the stove.
“What are you doing? It’s not finished yet,” Stella interjected, stepping forward to block him.
“Let’s order takeout.
Cooking yourself nearly got you injured,”
Matthew retorted, clearly displeased.
“It’s nearly ready,” Stella began, looking at her flour-coated hand and halting her attempt to physically move him aside.
“Why don’t you go join the others in the living room? We can all eat together shortly.
It’s a joyous occasion.
Let’s not dampen the mood, okay?”
Whenever she adopted a softer tone, Matthew found it challenging to vent his annoyance.
###chapter774
“Then teach me how to do it, but you’re not frying another piece,”
Matthew insisted, his tone resolute.
He shrugged off his suit jacket, rolled up his sleeves, and took a position beside Stella.
Recognizing the futility of arguing, Stella resigned herself to instructing him through the cooking process.
Once all the dishes were laid out, everyone gathered around the dining table.
Naturally, Matthew took the seat beside Stella, while Neville gravitated towards Miley.
As he moved to sit down, Miley shot him a look of clear distaste.
Unperturbed by her visible revulsion, Neville boldly took the seat next to her.
Leaning in, he whispered to Miley, “Your mom mentioned you’d be open to getting to know me better.
What’s with the sour face, then?”
Miley hadn’t anticipated her mother telling him about this.
Caught off guard, Miley flushed with embarrassment.
Eager to steer the conversation away from Neville, she turned to Stella.
“Stella, why don’t you go first?”
Smiling, Stella rose to her feet, raising her glass.
“I’ve secured my business license.
I hope the esteemed individuals here can refer more clients my way.
”
Perry immediately chimed in, thumping his chest in a display of support.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Absolutely.
”
Then, with a sidelong glance at Matthew, Perry couldn’t resist adding, “Stella, you have a wealthy husband, don’t you? You don’t really need to worry about drumming up business.
”
Acting on instinct, Stella glanced at Matthew and smiled.
“But I want to rely on myself.
”
She’d left Prosperity Group with the intent of carving out a space that was solely her own, independent of Matthew’s influence.
She longed to be recognized not just as Mrs.
Clark, but also as Stella, the designer.
That had been her dream for as long as she could remember.
Matthew, attuned to Stella’s aspirations, knew he would back her in any endeavor that filled her with joy.
Lifting his glass, Matthew mirrored her smile and toasted.
“Then here’s to your success.
”
###chapter775
That evening, Matthew was positively jubilant.
Unaware of how much he had drunk, his face turned a rosy hue.
The group reveled in high spirits for a time.
After the clock struck ten, the guests gradually dispersed.
Surveying the disarray in the apartment, Miley offered, “I don’t plan on heading home tonight.
Would you like me to stay and tidy up?”
Stella accepted the offer without hesitation.
Matthew’s brow furrowed, prompting Neville to swiftly grasp Miley’s hand.
Miley shot him a sharp look.
“What are you up to?”
Feigning concern, Neville fibbed, “My car’s been out of commission for a few days.
Could you give me a lift home?”
Miley was clearly reluctant and about to decline when Neville added, his voice laced with urgency, “Let’s move.
It’s getting late.
”
He discreetly winked at her as he spoke.
Glancing around, Miley realized that aside from her and Neville, only Stella and Matthew remained.
She grasped Neville’s implication immediately.
“Ah!” She tapped her forehead as if struck by sudden insight.
“Stella, I had promised Neville a ride home tonight.
We’re taking off.
”
In a flash, they vanished through the doorway.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella felt puzzled but soon connected the dots, realizing Miley’s parents aimed to set them up.
A knowing smile curved her lips.
Turning to Matthew, she queried, “Aren’t you leaving? It’s getting late.
”
Undeterred, Matthew began to roll up his sleeves.
“You’ve got a mess to clean, and I can lend a hand.
”
Before Stella could decline, Matthew set to work.
She pressed her lips together, opting for silence since there was, indeed, much to be done.
Together, they accomplished the task in under an hour.
As Stella wiped the final glass clean, she noticed Matthew lounging in the living room with no apparent plans to depart.
She furrowed her brow, hesitated for a moment, and finally spoke.
###chapter776
“It’s late.
I’m heading to bed.
”
Stella assumed her implication was clear enough for Matthew to take his leave.
Instead, Matthew lifted his gaze to meet hers, his eyes unblinkingly intense and filled with warmth.
“I’m a bit tipsy.
After helping you clean, I’m feeling a bit dizzy.
Would it be alright if I stayed over?” His voice was velvety and resonant.
As Stella listened, she noticed an endearing petulance coloring his tone.
Caught under Matthew’s intense gaze and spellbound by his voice, Stella felt her resolve waver and her heartbeat quicken.
Avoiding his eyes, she hastily stammered, “Um… I don’t have a spare room for you to stay in.
”
Her apartment consisted of one bedroom and a living area and the other rooms served as her studio.
‘s BunnyBookery
If Matthew stayed over, the sofa would be his only option.
But sharing her living space, even if not her bed, seemed to accelerate their relationship at a pace she wasn’t comfortable with.
Matthew didn’t make things difficult for her.
Pointing to the sofa beneath him, he proposed, “I can make do with the sofa for one night.
Is that okay?”
Stella couldn’t bring herself to refuse him any Longer.
Nodding slightly, she offered, “I’ll get a quilt and pillow for you.
”
Turning on her heel, she reappeared moments later, quilt in arms.
“This quilt set is brand new,” she noted as she bent down to spread it on the sofa.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As she moved close to him, her sweet scent enveloped Matthew, akin to the soft scratch of a kitten’s claw tugging at his heartstrings.
With a fluid motion, Matthew extended his arm and drew Stella into his embrace, his chin resting gently against her neck.
Startled by his proximity and warmth, Stella caught her breath.
Her hands clenched involuntarily, her nervousness sapping her of the strength to pull away.
Just then, the door burst open.
Miley darted in, exclaiming, “I forgot my bag…”
Her eyes widened at the intimate scene before her.
“I’m sorry.
Please, carry on.
”
With that, she shut the door behind her and retreated hurriedly.
###chapter777
She took a moment to neaten her hair and clear her throat.
Miley, standing awkwardly at the doorway, mumbled, “I didn’t mean to interrupt.
I forgot my bag.
My car keys are inside.
”
Stella gestured for her to enter.
“Come on in.
”
Miley, head bowed, seemed too timid to look around.
Observing that Miley was on a collision course with the wall, Stella swiftly reached out to steer her in the right direction.
“Your bag is right there.
”
Miley gave a vacant nod, still not lifting her gaze to Matthew.
She quickly grabbed her bag, pivoted, and bolted to the door.
“Stella, please continue.
I’m leaving now.
”
With that, she slammed the door behind her.
Staring at the closed door, Stella felt a mix of embarrassment and amusement.
Turning to Matthew as if the incident had never happened, she suggested, “You should rest.
I need to go back to my room and do some work.
”
“I’ll keep you company,” Matthew offered, his gaze unwavering.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’m not tired.
I usually put in extra hours around this time.
”
“Alright.
” Stella didn’t protest.
Given Matthew’s presence, working in her bedroom wasn’t an option.
She relocated her materials to the living room instead.
She pulled out several sheets of blank paper and began sketching.
Halfway through, she paused abruptly.
Noticing her hesitation, Matthew inquired, “Is something the matter?”
Stella looked up, her eyes filled with bewilderment.
“Matthew, do you think we’re all born with certain innate talents? Like your knack for business and my flair for design?”
###chapter778
Matthew considered her question, then responded, “It might be partly a matter of heredity.
”
Hearing this, Stella glanced at the pencil in her hand.
“If my parents were still alive, they would Likely be renowned designers.
”
Noticing that Stella seemed lost in her thoughts, Matthew, too, found himself drifting into contemplation.
‘s BunnyBookery
Unbeknownst to Stella, he had quietly conducted an investigation into her biological parents after learning she was an orphan.
Yet the inquiry at the orphanage yielded nothing substantial.
There was no way to investigate.
The absence of information heightened Matthew’s suspicion.
He began to suspect that someone had concealed her past deliberately.
Still, Matthew chose not to disclose these efforts to Stella so soon, fearing that any unsatisfactory outcome might bring her greater disappointment.
Gently stroking Stella’s head, Matthew offered softly, “Perhaps your parents are still out there.
Maybe they had to leave you due to unavoidable circumstances.
Don’t let it weigh too heavily on you.
”
Stella recognized his comforting intent and offered a grateful smile.
She tightened her grip on the pencil and sketched a few more Lines, whispering, “Allow me this small fantasy.
”
Matthew squinted slightly but chose not to continue the conversation.
He glanced at Stella’s emerging sketch and offered, “If you need help concerning Mia, don’t hesitate to ask.
”
“You should get some sleep,” Stella suggested.
Obligingly, Matthew rose and moved to the sofa.
He pulled the quilt over himself, lying down in a position that faced Stella, and closed his eyes.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella watched him, a man more than six feet tall, curling up on a sofa not designed for his frame.
The sight of him in that intimate, curled posture inspired a sense of domesticity within her, and in that moment, her creative muse returned.
The following morning, Stella awoke to an overpowering aroma.
Having pulled an all-nighter, she was initially disoriented upon waking and wondered if she was still dreaming.
However, the acrid scent persisted, invading her nostrils as though something was smoldering.
Panic seized her.
With a jolt of realization, she leapt out of bed and dashed out of the bedroom.
She had only recently moved into this apartment, and her studio was filled with valuable materials.
A fire at this moment would unquestionably result in significant losses.
Upon exiting the room, she saw Matthew.
Clad in a whimsical apron, he was holding a plate filled with charred remnants.
###chapter779
For a moment, the pair exchanged a ten-second glance before Matthew averted his eyes and dumped the plate’s contents into the garbage.
“Ah, you’re awake.
” Matthew greeted her calmly.
“This pot is subpar.
I’ll ask Fernando to bring a replacement later.
”
Stella, now fully aware, was amused by his feeble excuse.
To preserve his enthusiasm, she tried her best to stifle her laughter.
Clearing her throat to steady her voice, she said, “I’m not much of a cook myself.
I’ll pop downstairs and grab some breakfast from the restaurant.
”
“Alright.
” Matthew inspected the scorched bottom of the pot and frowned.
Seconds later, he tossed the ruined pot into the trash, secured the garbage bag, and lifted it.
Composure restored, he said, “I’ll head downstairs to dispose of the trash and pick up some breakfast while I’m at it.
You should freshen up.
”
“Sounds good.
”
They went their separate ways.
When Stella emerged, freshly washed and revitalized, a sumptuous breakfast awaited her in the dining area.
As they ate, she told Matthew, “Once we’re done eating, you should head back to change and go to work.
I’ve got my own projects to tackle.
”
Matthew nodded in agreement.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After the meal, Matthew drove back to his office, while Stella retreated to her studio.
Shortly thereafter, there was a knock at the door.
Assuming Matthew had forgotten something, Stella opened the door, poised to say, “Did you leave…”
The moment she opened the door, Stella found Flossie standing outside and stopped talking at once.
“Flossie? What brings you here?”
Flossie greeted her with a grin.
“Am I not welcome?”
“Of course you are! Come in,” Stella said warmly.
Flossie had been at a fashion show the previous day, leaving her unable to attend Stella’s gathering.
###chapter780
Stella had assumed they’d catch up in a few days.
Pouring Flossie a glass of water, Stella inquired, “You’re back already? Shouldn’t you be resting? What are you doing here so early?”
Smiling, Flossie explained, “I brought an apology gift to make amends for missing your event yesterday.
”
She then produced a magazine from her bag.
Stella was puzzled.
“What’s this about?”
Pointing to a woman in the magazine, Flossie elaborated, “This star is Dulce Cohen.
I met her just a few days ago.
She’s in need of a dress for an upcoming awards ceremony.
”
“I don’t often go online, so I’m not familiar with her,” Stella admitted, furrowing her brow.
Flipping through the magazine, Flossie placed it in front of Stella.
“Dulce is a rising star.
She’s young, beautiful, and in excellent shape.
However, she’s still on the ascent and can’t afford a high-end designer.
Your fledgling studio is a perfect match for her.
A successful collaboration could launch you into the entertainment industry, ensuring a steady flow of future work.
So, when I brought up your name to Dulce, she expressed her willingness to collaborate with you.
”
Stella perused Dulce’s resume with great enthusiasm.
After all, Dulce was her first customer.
As Flossie had suggested, Dulce displayed immense potential and popularity.
If Stella could secure a collaboration with her, her studio would gain greater recognition among a wider audience.
Stella closed the magazine, wearing a smile as she declared, “If Dulce is open to giving it a shot, I’ll give it my all.
”
“In that case, how about we discuss the details over dinner tonight?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Without a moment’s hesitation, Stella agreed.
Flossie began typing on her phone.
After a few moments, she looked up and asked, “Is six o’clock okay for you?”
“Perfect.
”
“I’ll text you the address,” Flossie confirmed, resuming her typing.
The ease with which things were falling into place left Stella both anxious and astonished.
“I didn’t expect to land such a major commission so soon after launching my studio.
I’ll be there, right on time.
”
At exactly five o’clock in the evening, Stella descended the stairs and prepared to head to the restaurant.
As she stepped outside, her eyes landed on a familiar Rolls-Royce parked nearby.
###chapter781
No sooner had she approached the vehicle than the window smoothly rolled down.
Sunlight bathed Matthew’s sculpted profile, accentuating his prominent nose and thin lips, features that radiated an air of untouchable majesty.
Stella wore a subtle smile as she asked, “Why are you here?”
“Get in.
I’ll drive you, Matthew responded, pushing open the car door for her.
Realizing Flossie must have informed him, Stella didn’t hesitate.
“Aren’t you scheduled for six? We’ll be late if we dawdle,” Matthew cautioned, gently nudging her to move.
Considering the evening traffic, Stella slid into the car.
Once inside, she reiterated, “Just drop me at the restaurant’s entrance.
I’ll manage from there.
”
She was concerned that Matthew’s presence might overwhelm Dulce.
Acknowledging her worry, Matthew simply replied, “Understood.
”
Despite the congestion, they reached the restaurant ahead of schedule.
Matthew steered into the underground parking area.
Just as Stella was about to disembark, he stopped her.
She pulled her hand back and faced him.
“Is there anything else?”
Matthew’s gaze lingered on her fluttering lashes.
Soft, thick, and elegantly curved, each blink seemed to etch a mark on his soul.
Matthew smelled a subtle trace of her body fragrance, causing him to lean closer, his deep gaze fixed on her, silent and unwavering.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Leaning forward, he looked deeply into her eyes, captivated by her fragrance.
His eyes dropped from hers to her slightly upturned Lips, a magnet drawing him nearer for a ki*s.
This unexpected action startled Stella.
Stella sensed his intent and froze, their eyes locking.
His burning eyes made her panic.
Stella’s heart beat fast and she didn’t dare to move.
Both of them were so close, their lips almost touching.
It was as if a mere breath would bridge the small gap between them.
Suddenly aware, Stella covered her mouth with her hand.
Matthew chuckled, breaking the tension.
###chapter782
“Did you think I was going to ki*s you?”
Caught off guard, Stella’s cheeks flushed a vivid hue.
She lowered her eyes, unable to meet his gaze any longer.
Observing her flushed face, Matthew grinned and said, “Don’t hesitate to call if you need anything.
”
“Okay…” Caught off guard, Stella merely nodded.
“Uhm, will do.
”
Without another word, she swiftly exited the car and bolted into the elevator.
Inside, she took several deep breaths to compose herself.
When she reached the designated private dining room, Stella pushed open the door.
Inside, she found a young woman seated, but no sign of Dulce.
Assuming she had entered the wrong room, Stella began to turn back to double-check the room number.
That was when the woman rose to her feet.
“Are you Stella Anderson? Pleasure to meet you.
I’m Eloise Avila, Dulce’s assistant,” she greeted, smiling warmly.
Stella paused and introduced herself.
“Hello, I’m Stella Anderson.
”
“Dulce’s schedule is packed, so she couldn’t make it.
She’s sent me to discuss the dress with you,” Eloise explained.
“I’m in-charge of her wardrobe.
”
Stella nodded.
“Have a seat,” Eloise said, gesturing for Stella to take a seat.
Once they were both seated, Stella got right to business.
“What specific needs does Dulce have for this gown?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Eloise explained, “She’s attending the annual Golden Peac@@k Awards ceremony.
It’s a significant event for her, and she’s taking it very seriously.
”
Stella listened attentively, jotting down essential details in her notebook.
Unperturbed, Eloise continued, “Most celebrities opt for high-end brands, but Dulce is relatively new to the industry and doesn’t have access to such resources.
Moreover, off-season garments don’t suit her burgeoning status.
She’s heard about the custom designs your studio offers.
Both the gown for Mrs.
Burke and your piece for the KlassicLuxe competition caught her eye.
She’s eager to collaborate with you.
”
Eloise’s demeanor was amiable, dissolving any reservations Stella might have had.
Fully engaged now, Stella queried, “Does she have any preferences for the color and style of the dress?”
Eloise was clearly well-prepared.
She smoothly responded to Stella’s query, saying, “Dulce has a penchant for floor-length dresses in a soft shade of pink.
”
###chapter783
Stella nodded, jotting down the information.
She then pulled a color card from her bag, remarking, “I happen to have a color card right here.
Could you please specify the exact shade of pink?”
Eloise browsed through the color card before pointing at a delicate hue of pink.
“This one.
”
Stella mused, “This particular shade of pink would be incredibly flattering on Dulce.
It complements her complexion beautifully.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Eloise chose not to respond.
Next, Stella tucked away the color card and inquired, “Does she have any specific design preferences?”
Every celebrity had unique taste and a signature style.
Since this was their initial collaboration, Stella wanted to delve into the specifics to gauge whether Dulce preferred her creative freedom or adhered to a traditional style.
Eloise promptly relayed off Dulce’s prerequisites, appearing fully prepped for this line of questioning.
“She favors minimalist designs with floral accents around the waist,”
Eloise elaborated, going on to specify the desired length and fabric of the dress.
Stella diligently took notes.
What she found unnerving wasn’t a client’s pre-design stipulations, but rather an initial hesitance that would inevitably lead to a rejected draft and a demand for a complete redesign.
It was dreadfully inefficient and detrimental to her creative process.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Alright, that should cover it,” Eloise announced, ceasing Stella’s note-taking.
Stella reviewed her extensive notes with Eloise, ensuring all details were accurately captured.
Upon receiving Eloise’s confirming nod, Stella capped her pen and posed her final question.
“When’s the date of the awards ceremony?”
“In one month’s time.
”
Stella briefly pursed her lips, contemplating.
“The timeline is somewhat tight.
”
As she spoke, a plan crystallized in her mind.
“I’ll aim to draft the sketch within three days and seek Dulce’s approval.
Assuming there are no issues, we’ll proceed with the finalization and customization, aiming to complete it within twenty days.
”
###chapter784
“Very well, proceed according to your timeline.
”
“Excellent.
I look forward to a smooth collaboration,” Stella affirmed, packing away her notebook.
“The decision to move forward will depend on the quality of your initial sketch,” Eloise remarked nonchalantly.
Stella furrowed her brow, sensing an odd undertone in Eloise’s words.
However, before she could probe further, Eloise had already signaled for the waiter.
The waiter entered, cradling a bottle of brandy.
Eloise accepted it gracefully and dismissed him with a nod.
‘s BunnyBookery
Pouring a glass for each of them, Eloise raised her glass, a seemingly warm smile curling her lips.
“Since we’ve arrived at a tentative agreement, would you care to toast to a fruitful collaboration?”
Something about Eloise’s smile unsettled Stella, but she couldn’t put her finger on it.
Choosing to set aside her reservations, Stella lifted her glass.
“To a successful partnership,” Stella declared, raising her glass.
In a show of good faith, Stella downed her glass in one swift motion.
The brandy was harsh, and she coughed as she set the glass back on the table, quickly covering her mouth.
“My apologies,” she said.
“It appears you enjoy the brandy,” Eloise remarked as she refilled Stella’s glass.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“This bottle was specially chosen by Dulce.
Unique in both age and flavor.
Since you seem to like it, why not have another?”
Her intention was obvious.
Caught in a bind, Stella felt unable to decline the generosity extended in Dulce’s name.
She reluctantly took another sip, finishing her second glass.
Her cheeks flushed a delicate shade of pink as she felt the effects of the alcohol.
“It’s getting late.
I should be going.
” Eloise rose from her seat without having sipped even a drop of her own wine.
Stella, somewhat disconcerted but polite, escorted her out.
Once Eloise’s car vanished into the distance, Stella stepped out of the restaurant.
A wave of dizziness washed over her, making her feet feel as though they were floating.
She grabbed a nearby pillar, shaking her head to clear her mind.
###chapter785
Just as she was about to summon a taxi, she spotted Matthew’s car pulling up.
He alighted briskly and made a beeline to her.
Stella pushed through the ache in her temples and approached Matthew with a smile.
The moment she moved, Matthew rusheds toward her, enfolding her in his arms.
Catching a potent whiff of alcohol, he frowned.
“Weren’t you discussing the design draft? Why did you drink so much?”
His voice carried a mix of concern and irritation.
Stella looked up and blinked lazily.
“We’ve secured preliminary cooperation.
That’s why I drank,” she said, her words tinged with the scent of liquor.
Matthew tightened his grip around her waist.
“Let’s get you in the car first.
”
He guided her gently to the passenger seat, then retrieved a bottle of water from the back.
“Here, take a sip to hydrate,” he instructed, bringing the bottle to her lips.
‘s BunnyBookery
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Feeling slightly refreshed, Stella massaged her temples and gifted Matthew with a smile.
Matthew, however, looked pained.
“What did Dulce ask for?”
His tone was tinged with a latent anger.
Oblivious to his mood, Stella rummaged through her bag for her notebook.
“I’ve documented their requirements here.
”
Matthew skimmed the notes, his frown deepening into a scowl, concern etched on his face.
Sensing his reaction, Stella grew anxious.
“Is there something wrong?
Is there any problem?”
Did she jot down something incorrectly?
###chapter786
Confused, she leaned forward to peer at her own notes.
Matthew looked up, locking eyes with her.
“Don’t you find this too simplistic?”
Confused, and still feeling the effects of the alcohol, Stella found herself at a loss.
“What are you getting at?” She sat upright, staring intently at him.
Handing back her notebook, Matthew asked, “How quickly can you draft a sketch?”
Stella answered earnestly, “Within two hours…”
As Stella digested Matthew’s words, a light bulb went off in her mind.
Meeting his gaze, she found him looking intently at her.
“So, you’re saying Dulce has a plethora of options?” Stella questioned, disbelief clouding her voice.
Matthew nodded affirmatively.
“Any designer could whip up a sketch based on these simplistic specifications.
She doesn’t necessarily need your expertise for a customization.
”
Suddenly, it all clicked for Stella.
She had been so engrossed in her conversation with Eloise, so desperate to make a winning pitch, that she’d glossed over crucial details.
Matthew, observing the situation as an outsider, had pinpointed the issue immediately.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella pondered momentarily.
Perhaps Dulce, as a rising star, was looking to establish her unique style and thus had provided such a detailed brief.
After some reflection, Stella grinned at Matthew.
“Don’t worry, I’ll be more vigilant from now on.
Let’s go home.
”
Inside Dulce’s studio, Eloise entered just as Dulce was concluding her manicure session.
“Dulce,” she greeted.
Dulce glanced at her and then signaled for the manicurist to leave.
She inspected her freshly painted nails and asked casually, “So, how did things go today?”
Eloise flashed a sycophantic smile.
“Everything went according to plan.
”
“Good.
” Dulce narrowed her eyes, her voice turning icy.
###chapter787
“Remember, since Stevie arranged this, you’d better give it your all.
Understood?”
“Of course.
” Eloise nodded.
The car hummed smoothly along the road.
Just as they neared Stella’s studio, a sudden downpour began, accompanied by gusty winds.
Stella’s eyes widened in alarm, a realization striking her.
“Step on it! Hurry!”
Sensing the anxiety in her voice, Matthew accelerated, casting her a puzzled look.
“What’s the matter? Is something urgent?”
“My latest designs are hanging on the balcony.
I can’t let them get ruined by the rain,” Stella explained, her brows knitting together.
“Miley’s models are scheduled for fittings.
If those garments get wet, it’ll set back the whole project.
”
Despite her mounting worries, Stella felt helpless.
Matthew reassured her, “Don’t worry; we’re almost there.
”
Within a matter of minutes, Matthew pulled into the studio parking lot.
No sooner had the car come to a stop than Stella leapt out and dashed into her workspace, the rain intensifying over her.
Without a moment’s hesitation, she hurried to the balcony.
Grasping the clothes rack, she attempted to pull it inside.
But the rack was heavy, and the tempestuous weather was no ally.
Despite several tugs, it remained immovable.
Grimacing, Stella pulled with all her might.
A sharp pain suddenly shot through her finger.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She let out a hiss, instinctively retracting her hand.
But there was a cut on her finger, and blood was beginning to trickle.
Matthew appeared just in time to notice the small wound.
“Go inside.
I’ve got this,” he stated, his voice tinged with authority.
Stella nodded and retreated into the room.
Where she had struggled with the rack, Matthew reeled it in effortlessly.
Once inside, he shut the balcony door, sealing out the turbulent weather.
The room instantly quieted down.
After inspecting the garments, Matthew turned to Stella.
“Rest easy; they’re still dry.
”
###chapter788
He then eyed her cut finger, concern etched into his features.
“Where’s your first-aid kit?”
She gestured towards a cabinet across the room.
“It’s up there.
But really, it’s just a minor cut.
A Band-Aid will suffice.
”
Ignoring her, Matthew said firmly, “Stay put.
”
He fetched the first-aid kit, soaked a cotton swab in iodine, and gently dabbed it onto Stella’s finger.
After securing a Band-Aid around Stella’s finger, Matthew looked deeply into her eyes.
“Would you consider coming back to Prosper Bay with me? Your studio isn’t far from there, and I can arrange for a driver to bring you here each day.
I worry about you living here alone.
”
Stella shook her head, her lips curving into a smile.
“Even though we’re together now, let’s not rush things.
You’ve been quite the gentleman today.
Let’s keep it that way.
”
Matthew’s expression softened at Stella’s light-hearted banter.
“I intend to,” he said, smiling back at her.
Hand in hand, they stood on the balcony, watching the rain patter against the windows.
The mood was so serene that Stella closed her eyes, savoring the moment.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew stroked her hand and said in a deep voice, “Stella, do you know why I like you?”
Stella’s heart was beating fast when she heard this.
She opened her eyes and asked, “Why?”
“Because you radiate warmth.
You’re genuinely warm-hearted,” he explained, his affectionate gaze fell on her.
Stella felt her heart quiver.
She withdrew her hand and sat down, her gaze drifting towards the rain-soaked window.
It took her a moment to steady her racing heart.
She finally spoke after a long while, her voice subdued.
“It’s getting late.
You should head home.
And be cautious driving in this weather.
”
Matthew’s brows furrowed when she drove him away.
He was ready to when his phone buzzed.
It was a call from Fernando.
Matthew furrowed his brow and paused for a few moments.
Then, as if he had come to a realization, he stood up.
“Get some rest, and don’t anywhere in this downpour.
I have to go.
”
###chapter789
Exiting Stella’s studio, Matthew drove to Prosperity Group, where Fernando awaited him.
“Mr.
Clark,” he greeted as Matthew entered.
“What’s the deadline?” Matthew inquired, his voice neutral but tinged with irritation.
Fernando glanced at his wristwatch.
“There’s still an hour left.
”
“I’ll handle it,” Matthew stated, striding into his office.
Fernando watched him go, deep in thought.
This report was crucial, and while Matthew had ample time to work on it earlier, he’d been absent.
Could anything be more pressing?
“Fernando.
” Matthew’s commanding voice came, snapping him out of his reverie.
“What else can I assist you with?”
“Investigate Dulce.
Thoroughly,” Matthew instructed, his eyes narrowing.
“I want every detail you can find.
”
Two days later, Stella delivered her design sketch to Dulce’s team on time.
Soon after, she received a call from Eloise.
“Miss Anderson.
” Eloise’s voice was as courteous and soft-spoken as ever.
“Dulce has reviewed your sketch.
It’s nearly perfect.
”
“Is there anything else you’d like to discuss ” Stella inquired.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“There’s no need to worry.
” Eloise laughed.
We’d just like you to incorporate a few additional design elements.
”
“Absolutely,” Stella said, grabbing a pen and paper.
“Please go ahead.
”
“I’m somewhat pressed for time at the moment.
I’ll email you the specifics.
Simply make the revisions accordingly.
Stella was taken aback but eventually agreed.
Moments after ending the call, Stella received Eloise’s design specifications.
She meticulously reviewed the document and began making the suggested changes to her sketch.
###chapter790
Nearly an hour later, Stella set down her pen in astonishment.
The alterations, though minor, had transformed her design beyond recognition.
A sudden thought struck Stella.
Whoever could recommend such impactful changes must be extraordinarily skilled, perhaps even more so than her.
If Dulce had access to such a remarkable designer, why recruit her in the first place?
‘s BunnyBookery
Puzzled, Stella decided to quash her speculations and called Eloise.
Upon connecting the call, Stella succinctly articulated her concerns.
Eloise chuckled.
“The modifications were just casual suggestions from one of our team members.
Perhaps our familiarity with Dulce’s style has made the changes seem more significant than they are.
”
Stella’s expression hardened.
She didn’t entirely buy Eloise’s explanation.
However, pressing further seemed unlikely to yield a straightforward answer.
After pondering briefly, Stella proposed cautiously, “I must give you credit for these changes, so I’ll add your team’s signature on the sketch.
”
“Absolutely not.
” Eloise refused immediately.
“Those were mere suggestions.
Feel free to execute the design as you see fit.
I must attend to other matters, so I’ll have to end this call.
If you have further questions, we can discuss them later.
”
Before Stella could utter another word, the line went dead, leaving her listening to the dial tone.
Confused, she stared at her phone.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Just then, a text from Matthew popped up on her screen, inviting her to lunch.
After a brief moment of contemplation, she texted back, “Okay.
”
Stashing her design sketch in her bag, she made her way downstairs.
Shortly after, Matthew pulled up in his car.
As they entered the restaurant, a sense of deja vu washed over Stella.
Once seated, her gaze landed on a wall adorned with photographs, triggering a flood of memories.
Turning to Matthew, her eyes sparkling, she said, “This is the same restaurant where I invited you to dinner that one time.
Remember? The waiter even took our picture.
”
Matthew nodded, smiling.
He reached into the pocket of his suit, pulled out his wallet, and slid it across the table to Stella.
###chapter791
Puzzled, she looked down and saw their photograph.
“You’ve kept this?” she exclaimed, surprised.
She recalled that Matthew had taken it from the waiter after the latter had snapped the photo.
She had assumed he had thrown it away.
Matthew met her eyes.
“It’s our first picture together.
Of course, I’ve kept it.
I hope we’ll add many more to our collection.
”
Stella smirked.
“Well, that’ll depend on how you perform, won’t it?”
Ah, that phrase again.
Matthew arched an eyebrow.
“I’m open to any test you want to put me through.
”
Feeling her cheeks flush under his intense gaze, Stella quickly steered the conversation in another direction.
“I could use your opinion on something, my dear Tobin.
”
Hearing the change in how she addressed him, Matthew’s interest piqued.
“Oh? What is it Stella retrieved her design sketch from her bag.
“It’s about Dulce’s dress design.
”
She unfolded the sketch and laid it before him.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Take a look.
”
Matthew picked up the sketch, his brows furrowing as he studied it.
“Is this your design?”
Stella remained silent, withdrawing another design blueprint from her bag and placing it beside the altered sketch.
She gestured at both drafts as she addressed Matthew.
“Clearly, the revisions on this sketch aren’t the work of an amateur designer.
”
Matthew lifted the updated drawing for another look.
His face remained unreadable, but his voice carried a weighty undertone.
“This is far from elementary.
It’s evident that a highly experienced master guided this design.
”
###chapter792
“Considering your network, you’re likely acquainted with more renowned designers than I am.
Does this particular style strike you as familiar?” Stella inquired earnestly.
After scrutinizing the drawing for a moment, Matthew set it down and shook his head.
“I’m afraid I can’t place it.
“Even you’re stumped?” A flicker of disappointment crossed Stella’s eyes.
The top designer she knew was only Matthew.
If he was clueless, she had no idea who else she could turn to.
Her own creativity would be hamstrung if she sought further external input.
“Let’s eat first.
I’ll have it thoroughly examined later,” Matthew suggested, swiftly stowing the sketches.
Then he reached for the menu, preparing to place an order.
Stella’s eyes brightened.
“Thank you.
I need your feedback as soon as possible to fulfill the assignment Dulce has given me.
”
Matthew nodded, his caution palpable.
“I would advise against discussing this with Dulce’s team for now.
Continue your interactions as planned without arousing suspicion.
”
He added, “I’ve tasked Fernando with investigating Dulce.
We should hear something soon.
”
Reassured by Matthew, Stella felt her anxiety lessen.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
For some reason, his presence imbued her with a sense of resilience.
No challenge seemed insurmountable when he was around.
He offered her a safe space.
After their meal, the two exited the restaurant.
Stella nudged Matthew to return to work.
Matthew remained stationary, clearly disregarding her proposal.
Stella offered a helpless smile.
“I’ve got a packed schedule ahead.
I need to design a dress for Dulce, and Mia will arrive in a couple of days.
There’s a lot to prepare.
”
Matthew held her hand.
“Stella.
”
Her heart fluttered at the sound of her name from his lips.
###chapter793
“What is it?” she asked, allowing her hand to rest in his.
With a firmer grasp, Matthew spoke in a voice tinged with gravitas and allure.
“It appears my wife has become quite the busy woman.
Busier than me, even.
”
His playful tone amused Stella.
She tiptoed and whispered into Matthew’s ear, “I’m just trying to catch up with you.
”
Just as she was about to step back, Matthew’s hand moved to her waist, pulling her closer.
“We’re still in public,” Stella reminded him, noticing Matthew’s unblinking gaze on her.
In a sober tone, Matthew said, “Always remember, there’s only a height difference between us.
”
There was never a difference in status.
Stella absorbed the depth of his words, feeling the indescribable warmth flood her heart.
That evening, as Stella was preparing for bed, she received an email from Matthew.
Clicking it open, she found a video attachment.
Her expression turned from confusion to horror as she watched.
The video was of an exhibition, at the heart of which was a dress.
It was a striking mirror image of her own design after Eloise had asked her for revisions.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella couldn’t believe her eyes.
Just as she was about to double- check, her phone buzzed with an incoming call.
Upon recognizing Matthew’s mame on the screen, she answered it hastily.
“Is the information in the video accurate?”
“Yes,” Matthew responded.
“The creator of this design has been deceased for quite some time.
This was his final masterpiece.
”
Stella’s heart skipped a beat at the revelation.
Matthew went on to explain, “It’s not that Dulce couldn’t hire a top-tier designer.
It seems she’s specifically targeting you.
From the look of the design sketch, she must’ve known the dress would be a hit.
If no one discovers the truth, she’ll gain even more fame with this creation.
And if she gets caught, she can feign ignorance.
After all, you’re the lead designer.
”
Color drained from Stella’s face and her hands grew cold.
###chapter794
“In that case,” Matthew continued, “you, an up-and-coming designer, would find yourself trapped in a career-ending quagmire.
”
Stella was speechless, a sheen of cold sweat coating her forehead.
After a long pause in which Stella said nothing, Matthew softly called out, “Stella?”
“I… I’m listening,” she finally said, her voice tinged with apprehension.
“But why would Dulce do this to me?”
Stella was perplexed.
She had no quarrel with Dulce, so why would she want to ruin her career?
Sensing Stella’s uneasiness, Matthew assured her, “I don’t have all the answers yet, but I’m still investigating.
Don’t blame yourself too harshly.
You’ve only recently set up your studio and are in need of clientele, so it’s understandable that you haven’t looked into all your clients thoroughly.
However, Dulce underestimated you.
She never anticipated that you’d doubt her intentions.
”
Upon hearing this, Stella found herself reflecting on her interactions with Eloise.
From the outset, she had seemed so unassuming, leading them to believe she was straightforward to work with.
After mulling it over, Stella felt a wave of relief wash over her.
She was thankful that she had taken the time to investigate this unusual situation and seek Matthew’s counsel.
“Thank you.
” Stella spoke with heartfelt sincerity.
“Had you not uncovered this when you did, I can’t even imagine the repercussions after Dulce wore that dress.
”
“I should be thanking you for thinking of me when you faced a dilemma,” Matthew replied gently.
“Sketches don’t always appear as the final product.
Even I didn’t see any issues earlier today.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Fortunately, they caught it early.
Stella remained silent, relieved yet still uncertain about her next steps.
After contemplating for a moment, she inquired, “So, what should I do now? I can’t confront Dulce now.
It will lead to a standoff.
”
Matthew pondered briefly before offering, “When you meet Dulce, present your own design instead.
You can draft something that meets her requirements as of now.
”
Stella considered Matthew’s suggestion sound and consented.
“Alright.
”
“When you meet her, I’ll accompany you,” Matthew volunteered.
“No,” Stella refused.
“Since she’s gunning for me and I’m aware of her ploy, I’ll be careful.
Your presence might tip her off.
Don’t worry.
I’ll be fine.
”
###chapter795
Matthew acquiesced to her reasoning.
“Alright, if you encounter any other issues, don’t hesitate to reach out.
”
After hanging up, sleep was the furthest thing from Stella’s mind.
She sat in quiet contemplation, organizing her thoughts before heading to her desk to refine her design.
The next morning, she sent her revised sketch to Eloise, who promptly responded, instructing her to proceed with creating the dress.
“When is Dulce planning to try on this dress once the sample is complete?” Stella queried.
“The night after tomorrow.
Same time, same place.
”
On the evening of her meeting with Dulce, Stella was conducting a final inspection of the sample dress.
Having assured herself that everything was in order, she delicately placed the dress into its dust bag and headed downstairs.
Just the day before, she had spent the entire day at the factory, persistently urging the master craftsman to expedite the work.
At last, the dress was completed on schedule.
As Stella stepped outside, a crimson Maybach pulled up to the curb.
Flossie rolled down the window and waved at Stella.
“Hop in, Stella.
I’ll give you a lift.
”
Caught off guard, Stella approached her and asked, “Why are you here?”
Smiling warmly, Flossie replied, “Your husband sent me.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s eyes brightened with realization.
She climbed into the car, patting its exterior.
“You’ve come a long way, haven’t you? When did you acquire your dream car?”
“I just got it, and you’re the first to ride in it!”
Sensing her awkwardness, Flossie ceased her playful teasing.
Exiting the vehicle, she approached Stella and carefully took the dust bag from her, setting it on the back seat.
“After you close this deal, you’ll be rolling in cash too.
”
Leading Stella to the driver’s seat, Flossie declared, “Today, I’m lending you my dream car to make a grand entrance.
You need to keep the momentum going.
You’re signing that contract today.
”
Before Stella could protest, she was ushered into the driver’s seat.
###chapter796
Resigned, Stella offered a helpless smile.
As she prepared to drive away, something seemed to occur to her.
Glancing back at Flossie, she voiced her concerns.
“Are you sure Dulce is trustworthy?”
Flossie looked puzzled and retorted, “Why wouldn’t she be? I met her at a social event.
She’s all the rage right now.
You really should capitalize on this opportunity.
”
After saying that, she winked at Stella.
Stella stared Flossie and felt assured that she was genuinely in the dark.
She simply nodded and replied, “Alright,” before driving off into the night.
Upon reaching the hotel, Stella relayed the room number to the attendant, who escorted her to a private chamber.
The space was semi-open, affording a view of the surroundings while still retaining a sense of privacy.
Selecting a seat, Stella began contemplating her forthcoming conversation with Dulce.
Soon, the distinctive click of high heels filled the room.
As she looked up, she realized that it wasn’t Eloise, but Dulce.
She was dressed in a form-fitting black ensemble that showcased her hourglass silhouette.
Stella’s smile was interrupted when she noticed an older woman standing next to Dulce.
It was Mia Dury!
Despite being in her middle age, Mia was remarkably beautiful.
Caught off guard by her presence, Stella felt both surprised and apprehensive.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Swiftly rising to her feet, she greeted the older woman with a courteous bow and extended her hand.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Ms.
Dury.
I’m Stella Anderson.
”
“Relax,” Mia said warmly, shaking Stella’s hand.
“Why don’t we sit down and chat?”
After they entered the room, they all took their seats.
Mia opened the conversation in a congenial tone.
“Dulce tells me you’re the best designer in Seamarsh.
As it happens, I’m in search of a collaborator here.
”
Wasting no time, Dulce interjected, “I personally fetched Ms.
Dury to witness your craftsmanship, Stella.
”
Stella shot a knowing smile at Dulce.
She understood what was going on beneath the surface.
Turning her attention to Mia, Stella remarked graciously, “I appreciate you taking the time to come here.
”
###chapter797
Mia offered a slight nod in response.
Dulce signaled to Eloise, who promptly produced a tablet and handed it to Mia.
“Please take a moment to review this, Ms.
Dury.
It contains Stella’s design.
”
Mia took the tablet from Dulce’s grasp, scrutinizing the screen intently.
A frown creased her forehead as she slammed the tablet down on the table.
“This is plagiarism!” she declared.
Although Stella had braced herself for this moment, her hands still clenched involuntarily, her knuckles whitening.
Feigning astonishment, Dulce retrieved the tablet.
“Plagiarism? That can’t be right.
Stella assured me this was her original creation.
I find the design impeccable.
I truly admire it.
”
Mia shifted her stern gaze to Stella.
Taking a measured breath, Stella averted her eyes and shook her head.
“I didn’t plagiarize.
”
“This design is the legacy of the late designer Colby Turner,” Mia enunciated, her voice tinged with reproach.
“You, as a designer, ought to recognize that.
So how do you explain this design if you didn’t copy it?”
Though Mia’s tone remained measured, Stella could sense the simmering anger behind her words.
With a solemn expression, Stella began, “I did create that design, but…”
Her words were abruptly cut off by Dulce.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Stella, I had complete faith in you.
How could you plagiarize? I intended to wear this dress to an awards ceremony.
What will happen to my reputation in the industry if this is discovered?”
Stella frowned.
Before she could muster a reply, the door to the private room burst open.
A throng of reporters flooded in, cameras and flashlights blindingly focused on her.
Microphones thrust in her face, the reporters fired off a series of piercing questions.
“Miss Anderson, is this yet another act of plagiarism? We heard rumors of your suspected plagiarism during the KlassicLuxe design competition.
Are you making a habit of this?”
“We’ve also heard you were dismissed by Mr.
Clark for plagiarism, and that you even attempted to seduce him, risking his marriage.
”
“Are you planning to use the same tactics to catch Mia Dury’s eye now that she’s back? Miss Anderson, it seems you have no moral compass!”
###chapter798
Confronted with the barrage of skepticism, Stella remained unfazed.
“Everyone, quiet down.
I have something to say.
”
Her voice was moderate in volume but carried a weight that silenced the room.
A frosty smile began to materialize on her face as she glanced around.
Seeing that enigmatic smile, Dulce felt a tinge of unease.
Maintaining her composed demeanor, Stella turned to Mia and began, “Ms.
Dury, since you’ve only recently returned, you might not be acquainted with my history.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I’m an up- and-coming designer who has previously contributed to Prosperity Group’s successes.
I started my own studio after resigning from there.
”
Stella met Mia’s gaze and offered a courteous smile, her demeanor neither submissive nor assertive.
“I admire your work and hope we can collaborate.
I’d hate for you to be misinformed by someone’s deliberate manipulation.
To clarify, the design in question was not solely my creation.
”
The room erupted in a cacophony of murmurs and exclamations.
Mia’s frown deepened, her displeasure evident.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What are you implying, Stella?” Eloise blurted out, unable to contain her fury.
“Are you accusing Dulce now?”
Stella closed her eyes briefly, reopening them to find her poise.
After a pause, she shook her head and responded in a detached, icy tone, “I am merely stating the facts.
”
“Do you have any evidence?” Eloise taunted, her demeanor oozing arrogance, perhaps assuming Stella was bluffing.
Stella grinned, her eyes twinkling.
“Oh, I most certainly do.
”
Eloise’s face turned to stone.
Stella pulled out her smartphone, tapping the screen lightly.
The sound that filled the room was unmistakably Eloise’s voice, discussing specific changes she’d requested for the design sketch during a previous conversation with Stella.
A wave of pallor washed over Eloise.
She hadn’t anticipated Stella would have a recording.
Her eyes flickered with a fleeting moment of panic.
Biting down on her lower lip, she forced herself to maintain her composure.
Smirking triumphantly, Stella observed her reaction.
Once the recording ended, she spoke with measured calm.
“In my role as a designer, I make it a practice to document every interaction with clients.
This ensures that subsequent design revisions align precisely with the clients’ needs.
”
###chapter799
Her gaze upon Eloise was icy.
“That recording clearly establishes that it was Dulce’s assistant, Eloise, who requested these specific alterations to the design.
Don’t you recognize your own voice, Eloise?”
“T .
.
” Eloise felt her thoughts scattering.
Mia cut her off, turning her attention to Dulce.
“Well, what’s your explanation?”
Quick to recover, Eloise blurted out, “Dulce had nothing to do with this.
My understanding of design is quite limited.
I merely offered some arbitrary suggestions.
Stella must’ve seized the opportunity to plagiarize from an existing design due to her own laziness.
”
Growing more vehement, she continued, “She probably thought the original designer had long since passed away and that no one would ever find out.
She never counted on you noticing, Ms.
Dury.
”
In the end, she didn’t forget to flatter Mia.
Seizing the moment, Dulce chimed in, “I consider myself fortunate to have invited Ms.
Dury today.
Otherwise, I would’ve fallen for Stella’s deceit.
”
Dulce’s affirmation led Mia to regard Stella with renewed skepticism and suspicion.
The assembled reporters buzzed with conversation.
Stella found their brazenness amusing.
Yet, she remained unfazed, having prepared for precisely this kind of scenario.
After the room fell silent, Stella grinned subtly.
“Since there’s still doubt surrounding my integrity, I’ve brought the sample dress I designed.
Let’s all take a look and come to a final verdict, shall we?”
“Very well,” Mia responded without a second thought.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I too am keen to see how this controversy resolves itself.
”
Dulce’s expression darkened.
When she saw Stella’s self-assured demeanor, a sense of unease crept over her.
However, she knew that stopping Stella now would only make her look guilty.
Masking her apprehension with a forced smile, Dulce nodded.
“By all means, let Stella present her creation.
I trust we all have our own judgments to make.
”
With a sardonic smile, Stella delicately unzipped the garment bag, gingerly lifted out the dress, and displayed it for all to see.
It was a long pink dress, entirely dissimilar to the design she was accused of plagiarizing.
This piece exuded an ethereal quality, perfectly matching Dulce’s personality.
ALL faces in the room, except Mia’s, tightened with disappointment.
###chapter800
They had been eagerly awaiting Stella’s humiliation, never expecting her to have an ace up her sleeve.
Dulce looked visibly flustered, her fingertips digging into her palm.
Her gaze towards Stella was a c@@ktail of envy and disdain.
A genuine smile finally lit up Mia’s stern visage.
Examining the dress in Stella’s hands, she lauded, “This dress is exquisite.
I believe it would complement Dulce wonderfully.
” Her eyes shifted towards Dulce as she added, “However, she doesn’t deserve this dress.
”
Mia’s cutting remarks left Dulce mortified.
She bore Mia’s barbs, simultaneously cursing Stella inwardly, wishing all kinds of discomfort upon her.
Casting her eyes on Stella’s smug expression, Dulce clenched her teeth.
However, she managed to hold on to her last shreds of composure.
Grasping Eloise’s arm, they exchanged a look and prepared to make their exit.
Taking a step forward, Dulce offered a conciliatory smile.
“It seems I’ve misjudged you, Stella.
My staff have been negligent, a mistake I intend to rectify later.
”
Her words hung in the air, transparent in their insincerity, and no one bothered to reply.
Seemingly unfazed by the awkwardness, Dulce pressed on.
“Since the dress is already created, might I try it on?”
At this, Stella arched an eyebrow.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I doubt my design would suit you,” she replied, eyeing Dulce from head to toe.
“Eloise seems to have overestimated your measurements, particularly in the chest area.
The dress won’t fit.
”
A wave of laughter spread through the crowd until a fierce glare from Dulce silenced them.
Unperturbed, Stella said flatly, “I have no interest in designing for you.
I suggest you find another designer.
”
Dulce’s expression soured.
She bit her lip and implored, “Let’s not create a spectacle over a misunderstanding.
”
Hearing Dulce’s audacious plea, Stella nearly burst into laughter.
She retorted, “I’m not the one turning this into a spectacle.
You initiated this fiasco.
”
“You… Fine!” Dulce ground her teeth, huffed in disdain, and spun around to leave.
###chapter801
“Hold on,” Stella called after her.
“You still owe me an apology.
”
Surveying the room, Dulce realized there was no easy way out.
With a grimace, she muttered, “I’m sorry,” and retreated hurriedly.
As soon as she exited, the reporters dispersed too, clearly disheartened.
Left alone in the room, Stella and Mia faced each other.
Carefully, Stella slid the dress back into its protective dust bag before turning her gaze to Mia once more.
She pursed her lips, a touch of vulnerability coloring her words.
“Ms.
Dury, I regret that our first meeting had to occur under such circumstances.
”
“You don’t need to apologize,” Mia replied with elegant grace.
“None of this was your fault.
”
Still uneasy, Stella worried about making a poor impression.
“I admire your brand immensely.
I genuinely hope you’ll grant me another opportunity to sit down and discuss potential collaborations.
I’m confident I won’t disappoint you.
”
Mia nodded, her own admiration for Stella apparent.
Mia thought of Stella as someone who was neither cowed by authority nor overly assertive, just the right balance.
“I too am interested in exploring the possibility of a partnership.
”
Stella’s eyes brightened at Mia’s words.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Yet, before she could bask in the moment, Mia offered a cautionary note.
“While you’ve demonstrated your integrity today, understand that I am traditional at heart.
I would hope you don’t have any love life scandals to your name,” Mia advised, her tone earnest yet kind.
Stella understood the underlying message.
Clearly, Mia had caught wind of the reporters’ insinuations.
But Stella harbored no concerns over her love life.
She aimed to earn Mia’s respect on her own merits, independent of her relationship with Matthew or any association with Prosperity Group.
“My love life is impeccably straightforward,” Stella assured her.
Mia offered no further comment.
Picking up her purse, she bestowed a gentle smile upon Stella.
“Then please proceed with your preparations.
I eagerly await our next meeting.
”
###chapter802
In Prosperity Group, Matthew was engrossed in his work, yet his gaze intermittently shifted to the phone beside him.
He knew Stella had gone to meet Dulce and wondered how the meeting was unfolding.
Matthew had instructed Fernando to delve into Dulce’s background.
However, despite the time that had elapsed, he had yet to receive any enlightening information from Fernando.
His unease grew, along with his concern for Stella.
Just as he was nearing the end of his patience, his phone vibrated.
Snatching it up instantly, he saw a text from Stella.
“Everything went well.
”
A sigh of relief escaped him as he texted back, “Okay,” and refocused on his tasks.
Just as he reached for a document, the office door swung open.
Fernando burst in, visibly flustered.
“What’s going on?” Matthew asked, his frown deepening.
“Apologies, Mr.
Clark, we have an urgent situation,” Fernando declared after taking a steadying breath.
“I’ve discovered that Stevie is the one backing Dulce’s career.
”
Stevie?
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s frown tightened and his face turned visibly darker.
Recognizing the lapse in Matthew’s memory, Fernando jogged it.
“He’s the thug Alex referred to earlier.
”
Matthew shot up from his chair, grabbed his phone, and dialed Stella.
Fernando, taken aback by the sudden move, queried, “Is something wrong, Mr.
Clark?”
Matthew couldn’t afford to explain.
He turned away, nervously awaiting Stella’s voice on the other end of the Line.
Finally, when he heard her soothing tone, he felt a semblance of relief.
“What’s the matter?” Stella asked in a gentle voice.
###chapter803
“I’ve sorted things out with Dulce.
We’re not collaborating any longer.
I’m about to drive back.
By the way—”
She was on the verge of mentioning her encounter with Mia when Matthew cut her off.
“Where are you right now?” His voice tinged with urgency, he wasn’t taking any chances.
“I’m still in the hotel’s underground parking lot.
What’s going on?”
Stella was confused by his words.
“I need to know you make it back to the studio safely.
Send me your location,” Matthew insisted.
Stella didn’t argue.
She promptly shared her location and drove out of the hotel’s underground parking lot.
The car hummed smoothly along the road.
Despite the fallout with Dulce and losing a deal, she was still in good spirits.
After all, she had run into Mia.
Happily humming a tune, Stella confidently maneuvered the steering wheel.
Just as she rounded a corner, she spotted a speeding truck coming from the opposite direction.
Her pupils constricted instantly.
She slammed her foot onto the brake pedal, but the car didn’t slow down.
The brakes were unresponsive.
With the truck looming closer and closer, Stella desperately stomped on the brake pedal to no avail.
Sweat coated her palms.
Making a split-second decision, she swerved the steering wheel aside to dodge the oncoming truck.
Her narrow escape didn’t bring any relief.
While continuing to press on the inert brake, she speed-dialed Matthew.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
‘s BunnyBookery
The phone was soon connected.
“Matthew!” Stella blurted out, her eyes fixated on the road ahead.
“The car’s brakes are failing.
I don’t know what’s happening.
There are cars on the road!”
The situation was dire.
Stella’s forehead was slick with cold sweat, her voice quivering.
“Stay calm.
I’m on my way,” Matthew reassured her.
“Try to slow down by going straight.
I’ll be right-“
“Matthew! She couldn’t afford to listen anymore.
Gripping the wheel tightly with both hands, she honked incessantly to alert nearby pedestrians and vehicles.
###chapter804
Gently turning the wheel, she inched her way to the guardrail, hoping the friction between the car and the railing would eventually bring her to a halt.
Given the late hour and sparse traffic, this seemed her best bet to mitigate the risk of a collision.
Yet, as she coasted closer and closer to the guardrail, fear escalated within her.
If this last-ditch effort failed, she could very well lose her life.
Stella pursed her lips, struggling to maintain her composure.
This was Flossie’s car, a recent purchase.
The only reasonable explanation for any malfunction, apart from manufacturing defects, had to be sabotage.
The one person who knew her location and bore ill will towards her was Dulce.
Dulce was acquainted with Flossie.
In the private room, she had discreetly dismissed Eloise, perhaps to buy her more time.
The deeper Stella delved into her thoughts, the more she became convinced that Dulce was behind the tampering of the car.
It perplexed her.
She held no animosity towards Dulce, so why would Dulce attempt to kill her?
Stella slammed on the brakes.
She couldn’t allow Dulce’s scheme to work.
She had to survive.
She needed to reunite with her grandfather and Matthew.
Her relationship with Matthew was just beginning to mend, and their marriage had yet to be restored.
She couldn’t die like this.
Sparks erupted between the car and the guardrail.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella felt her resolve waning, uncertain of what would unfold next, or if she would even survive.
Around another bend, a trolley materialized abruptly before her.
Frantically, Stella stomped on the brakes and wrenched the steering wheel.
Bang!
Swish!
Two jarring sounds rang out as the car collided with the trolley.
The tires screeched loudly against the pavement.
The car flipped over, and the airbags deployed.
Stella’s world spun, blood trickling down from her forehead, blurring her vision further.
She sensed her consciousness slipping away, her body chilling rapidly.
“Matthew…” With immense struggle, she fumbled for her phone.
But her hands felt powerless.
###chapter805
Slowly, Stella’s eyes fluttered closed.
Yet even in that final moment, hope endured.
Matthew had just said he would find her.
And he would never break his promise.
Stella whispered a prayer, yearning for Matthew to find her swiftly.
Every fiber of her being ached, and exhaustion weighed her down Like a heavy blanket.
ALL she wanted was to succumb to sleep.
After what felt like an eternity, she sensed someone nearing her, their voice tinged with urgency as they repeated her name.
Could it be Matthew?
She strained to open her eyes, but her eyelids felt like they were made of lead, resisting her every effort.
Muffled voices buzzed near her ear.
A man and a woman were conversing close to her ear.
Stella was eager to hear their conversation clearly, but their voices were muffled and indistinct.
Who were they?
She felt as though she were lost in a misty forest, shrouded in fog, bereft of sight.
“Baby…”
Was someone calling her? Who was calling her?
“I have to go.
Mom has her reasons.
I’m sorry…”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Who was speaking? Who were they? Where were they going?
Why had they left her behind, abandoned her at an orphanage?
A shadowy figure materialized within the fog, calling out “baby” repeatedly.
Stella took steps forward, lunging to reach the elusive form.
Her hands grasped at emptiness.
The fog lifted, revealing a boundless void.
Stella stood there, bewildered, surveying her surroundings.
It all felt like a fleeting dream.
Her gaze fell to her hands.
Her awareness seemed to sharpen.
Wait, hadn’t she been in a car accident? Where was she now? Where was Matthew?
And who was that woman? Could she be her mother?
###chapter806
Stella looked ahead and opened her mouth, attempting to speak.
But no sound came out.
She touched her throat and tried again.
“Baby, you must grow up strong…” The woman’s voice echoed around her.
Stella scanned her surroundings, but there was no one in sight.
Unbidden tears rolled down her cheeks.
She lifted her hands to wipe them away.
Silence returned, leaving her in solitude.
Desperate, Stella finally managed to cry out, “Is that you, Mom?
Don’t go! If you’re leaving, take me with you!”
As the nightmare consumed Stella inside the operating room, Matthew’s visage grew increasingly somber just outside the sliding doors.
Though autumn had cast its chill, his attire clung to him, wet with perspiration.
The doors to the surgical suite swung open and closed as medical professionals darted in and out, but Matthew remained rooted in place.
His gaze fell to bloodstained hands.
Seeing Stella’s blood sent shivers down his spine and his towering physique trembled.
His heart sank into a frigid void, rendering him helpless.
The image of discovering Stella, battered and slouched in a chair, delicate as if a simple touch would break her, haunted him.
He shouted her name with desperation when the medical team and police finally freed her, but she remained unresponsive.
His thoughts disintegrated into chaos.
The doctors labored diligently to stop Stella’s hemorrhaging, but it proved relentless.
Matthew tightly held Stella’s cold hand, repeatedly calling out to her to wake up, assuring her that he was right there with her.
However, there was no response.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It was the first time Matthew had ever felt death so close in front of him.
A crippling fear and helplessness engulfed him like never before.
Time seemed to stand still until Farris finally emerged from the emergency room, leaving the door slightly open.
However, the glaring lights of the operating room remained on.
Jolted back to reality, Matthew rushed forward.
“How is Stella?”
“Before anything else, you’ll need to sign a critical condition notice,” Farris responded, his voice tinged with iciness as he removed his surgical mask.
Matthew’s eyes brimmed with tears.
“Stella has to survive! If you can’t save her, find another doctor.
Now!”
###chapter807
Farris locked eyes with Matthew, struggling to keep his own mounting fury in check.
“Listen, Matthew.
Stella’s situation is dire.
But…” His tone turned steely as he stared Matthew down.
“Her will to live is faltering.
Sign that critical condition notice immediately.
If any complications arise from delayed treatment, you’ll have me to answer to!”
Matthew could scarcely tolerate another word from Farris.
The notion that Stella harbored such a fragile will to live was unfathomable to him.
She didn’t want to live?
How could that be?
She had expressed to him previously that she wished to cultivate their relationship slowly, beginning as a couple and eventually progressing into their marriage.
How could she abandon those dreams and him now?
He couldn’t recall the moment his pen had marked the critical condition advisory, but there it was, signed.
His gaze remained locked on the firmly shut doors of the emergency room, his entire being awash in torment.
“Stella, you have to wake up.
”
He leaned against the wall, eyes still fixated on those doors.
He kept repeating this prayer in his mind.
‘s BunnyBookery
Tears cascaded onto his hand, mingling with the now coagulating blood.
Upon hearing the news, Miley and Flossie hastened to the hospital.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As they arrived, they found Matthew seated on a bench, his visage ashen, his aura consumed by a profound gloom.
Any lingering resentment they had held against him began to dissolve.
They could see just how much Matthew loved Stella.
Had it not been for earlier misunderstandings, he and Stella would have already been leading a happy life.
But such was the capricious nature of life, and now they found themselves ensnared in this unforeseen calamity.
Tears inevitably welled up in Miley’s eyes.
She had initially thought Stella had turned a new chapter, never anticipating that one catastrophe would merely beget another.
“Matthew, how is Stella?” Miley asked, clutching Flossie’s hand for support.
Slowly, Matthew raised his eyes to meet Miley’s.
When their gazes met, Miley discerned the inflammation in his eyes; his countenance, once full of life, now reflected only desolation.
###chapter808
His voice, cracked and heavy with sorrow, finally broke the silence.
“I’ve just signed the critical condition notice.
I don’t know the exact situation.
”
After hearing Matthew’s grim revelation, Miley staggered, relying on Flossie for support as she gasped for air.
“A critical condition notice?” Her voice quivered with fear.
“How can this be so serious? Wasn’t it just a car accident?”
Matthew’s face darkened further, but he said nothing.
Flossie gazed intently at the operating room, drowning in guilt.
“This is all my fault.
If I hadn’t let Stella take the wheel, none of this would have happened.
”
“Stop blaming yourself.
I can’t believe Stella would just randomly crash,” Miley countered, inhaling deeply and balling her hands into fists.
“Someone must have set her up deliberately.
Who did she meet today?”
Pondering, Flossie finally spoke.
“Dulce…”
She then shook her head, dismissing her own suspicion.
“But there’s no bad blood between Dulce and Stella.
”
Miley’s face took on a severe expression as she glanced at Matthew, who maintained his stern facade even as his mind whirred.
The accident was too sudden, and Stella was critically injured.
Up to this point, he had been preoccupied with her medical condition and hadn’t investigated yet.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley’s words reminded him to identify whoever was responsible for hurting Stella, before any evidence could be destroyed.
If they dared to harm Stella, they would face severe repercussions.
Abruptly, Matthew stood and moved aside to call Fernando.
He issued a set of succinct orders before returning to his post near the operating room, immersed in thought.
In her last call to him, Stella had mentioned brake failure.
Coupled with her meeting Dulce earlier, Matthew narrowed his prime suspects to Dulce and Stevie.
Now, he needed to not only unearth the truth behind the car accident but also keep the incident confidential, sparing their elderly relatives unnecessary anguish Clutching his phone, Matthew frowned deeply.
He had engaged the top surgeons in Seamarsh, and he refused to accept that they couldn’t snatch Stella back from the jaws of death.
Whatever the cost, Stella must survive.
###chapter809
might signify something positive.
Halfway through the waiting, Flossie had to exit to attend a work call.
Miley also left, ostensibly to purchase daily essentials for Stella, saying she would need them upon awakening.
Alone in the corridor, Matthew sat on a bench, his eyes unflinchingly fixed on the sealed operating room door.
Time crawled by, each minute elongating into an unbearable eternity.
Finally, the operating room doors swung open.
Farris appeared, visibly drained.
“The surgery was a success.
”
A tangible sigh of relief escaped Matthew’s lips.
“When will Stella regain consciousness?”
“While she’s stabilized, Stella lost a significant amount of blood.
We’ll need to closely monitor her wake-up timing,” Farris informed him.
Matthew nodded, his demeanor weighed down by lingering concern.
“May I go in to see her?”
Only by witnessing Stella’s well-being firsthand could he truly breathe easy.
“You may, but limit your time.
She needs her rest,” Farris advised before walking away.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After Stella was moved to the intensive care unit, Matthew donned sterile attire and entered the room.
She lay there, her face already cleansed of any blood, appearing unnaturally pale and lifeless.
“Stella…” Matthew leaned in, his voice parched and shaky, whispering softly into her ear.
She remained motionless, offering no response.
Taking her hand gently into his own, he lent her a semblance of vitality.
Matthew gently held her hand, offering her a glimmer of strength.
“You have to wake up soon.
You vowed that we’d confront life’s challenges together.
You can’t break that promise.
You can’t abandon me now.
So many people love you.
Don’t make us worry, okay?”
Farris’ words about Stella’s diminished will to live flashed through his mind, stabbing his heart with pain so acute it left him breathless.
It was an agony so suffocating, it engulfed every fiber of his being.
###chapter810
Matthew labored to draw a steadying breath, but apprehension and guilt clung to him still, anchoring him in a quagmire of remorse.
Tenderly, he lifted Stella’s hand and placed it over his own heart, as if sealing a sacred covenant.
“The moment you awaken, I’ll follow your lead, come what may.
”
All he received in return was the sterile, mechanical beep of the medical instruments.
Matthew Lingered in the ICU until a nurse diplomatically informed him of the visiting hour restrictions.
Upon exiting the room, he didn’t go far, choosing instead to stand behind the ICU’s thick glass window, wordlessly offering Stella his silent companionship.
It wasn’t until his phone buzzed with a call from Fernando that he finally moved into action.
Over the line, Fernando revealed the initial findings of their inquiry.
“Someone has tampered with the road surveillance footage.
”
Matthew’s eyes narrowed, his voice cold and unyielding.
“Then contact the vehicle owners who were parked nearby and check their dashcams We’ll unearth every last clue to identify those responsible.
”
Stella’s injury was a secret too heavy to stay hidden for Long.
Lucia made her way to the hospital, her movements shaky and uncertain.
Her eyes fell upon Matthew in the hallway, and she staggered, almost losing her balance.
A servant quickly steadied her as she approached Matthew, her voice trembling as she inquired, “Matthew, what’s going on? What happened to Stella?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Her voice broke, and tears filled her eyes at the sight of Stella in the intensive care unit.
“Grandma?” Matthew was surprised to see her.
He offered his arm to Lucia, guiding her to sit on a nearby bench.
“Why did you come here?
He had explicitly instructed Fernando to keep the news of Stella’s injury under wraps, yet here was Lucia, fully aware and deeply distressed.
“This morning, I received a call informing me that Stella had been in an accident.
I thought it was just a cruel joke.
” Lucia’s voice faltered, tears streaming down her face.
“What happened? How did she end up in the hospital?”
Matthew’s face darkened as he pieced things together.
It must have been Stevie’s doing.
He hadn’t even had the chance to confront Stevie, yet the latter was already making moves against the Clark family.
“Oh, Stella.
” Lucia’s voice was filled with heartbreak.
###chapter811
How could this happen to her?”
Matthew reached out to offer Lucia a comforting touch, patting her shoulder gently.
Despite his own exhaustion, he mustered the strength to comfort Lucia, reassuring her, “Stella has made it through the worst.
She’ll wake up soon.
And I promise, once she’s recovered, I’ll bring her to visit you formally.
”
In the past, such a promise would have brought a smile to Lucia’s face.
But now, her expression remained heavy with grief.
“But what actually happened? Who was it that called me this morning?
Is it one of your enemies?”
Lucia was keenly aware that the prominence of the Clark family made them a target.
However, she had never imagined that it would put Stella’s life in jeopardy.
“Grandma, I will handle it.
Please, don’t worry,” Matthew reassured her, though his voice was hoarse from stress and fatigue.
“You need to go back and get some rest.
I’ll call you the moment Stella wakes up.
“I’m not leaving, ” Lucia stated firmly, her resolve unwavering.
She could see how exhausted Matthew was.
His eyes were sunken, dark circles beneath them, and his suit, stained with blood, was in disarray.
He had never appeared so unkempt before.
Lucia knew she couldn’t leave at this moment.
Her heart ached as she realized the extent of the toll this situation had taken on these two young people.
“I’m fine.
It’s you who needs rest.
” Lucia held Matthew’s hand.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’ll stay with Stella.
You can go and rest in the next room.
”
Matthew forced a smile.
“Grandma, I’m not tired,” he insisted, his gaze returning to Stella, lying motionless in the hospital bed.
She was still unconscious.
How could he possibly consider rest at a time like this?
“Look at yourself, Matthew.
You’re a mess.
If Stella woke up and saw you like this, it would break her heart,” Lucia said sternly, her voice filled with concern and authority.
“You are going to get some rest right now, or I’m not leaving this hospital today.
I’ll stay right here, with both of you, until Stella wakes up.
”
“Grandma…
Lucia dismissed his protests, turning to a servant with clear instructions.
“Fetch a few sets of my clothes, and make sure to inform my husband that I will be staying at the hospital for the next couple of days.
”
“What? Madame…” The servant hesitated, looking between Lucia and Matthew, unsure of how to proceed.
###chapter812
With a sense of resignation, Matthew proposed a compromise.
“How about I rest here for a short while? Would that suffice?”
Lucia didn’t verbalize her response, but the slight nod she gave was enough for Matthew to understand that she agreed.
Sitting back in his chair, Matthew crossed his arms and slowly closed his eyes, surrendering to his exhaustion.
Lucia’s gaze lingered on him, filled with concern, before shifting to Stella in the hospital room.
Matthew couldn’t stay asleep for long.
His worries for Stella kept him in a restless slumber.
After barely twenty minutes, his eyes fluttered open once again.
“Grandma, you should head back home, he implored, his voice gentle yet filled with concern.
In response, Lucia had a servant bring a pack of milk to him, explaining, “I had this brought for you while you were resting.
I’ll leave once you finish it.
”
She couldn’t stand to see her only grandson neglecting his own health as he stayed by Stella’s side, day and night.
His well-being was hanging by a thread, and she knew he couldn’t continue like this much longer.
She watched patiently as Matthew drank the milk, and only then did she reluctantly rise to leave.
Before leaving, she left him with a stern instruction.
“Stay in touch constantly.
I want to be updated about Stella’s condition the moment there is any news.
”
“Okay.
” Matthew agreed readily.
“Please ensure that Stella’s grandfather remains unaware of Stella’s situation for now.
He’s recently recovered from a severe illness, and I’m afraid that this news might be too much for him to handle.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I understand,” Lucia assured him, her eyes reflecting her shared concern.
Once Lucia had left, a nurse approached Matthew with news that he could visit Stella.
As he stood, a wave of nausea and abdominal pain struck him, the result of two days without proper nutrition.
Pausing to collect himself, he eventually managed to put on his clothes and make his way into Stella’s room.
To his relief, Stella’s complexion appeared slightly improved, with a faint hint of color returning to her face, and her fingers felt warm to the touch.
Gently taking her hand in his, Matthew leaned down and gave her a soft ki*s on the lips, whispering, “Grandma was here just a while ago.
Everyone is eagerly waiting for you to wake up.
”
Lifting his gaze to look at Stella, he pleaded softly, “Please, don’t worry us any longer.
Wake up soon, okay?”
In that moment, he felt a slight movement in Stella’s finger.
At first, Matthew thought it was his imagination playing tricks on him, but upon closer inspection, he realized it was real.
Energized by hope, he quickly stood and rushed to the door, calling out excitedly, “Doctor! Come quickly!”
###chapter813
As she slept, Stella dreamt about being a three-year-old again.
She was in a vineyard with a young couple.
“Mommy, Daddy!” She ran towards the couple, freshly picked gr@pes in hands.
The scene changed, and instead of everywhere being sunny and bright, it was all dark and gloomy.
The couple began to walk away.
Stella clung to them tightly in an attempt to stop them from Leaving as she cried profusely.
They coldly shoved her off of them and resumed walking without even taking a glance at her.
“Mommy! Daddy! Don’t go!”
Stella’s eyes shot open, beads of sweat rolled down her forehead and her chest heaved with labored breath.
She woke up because someone had called her name.
A few seconds passed, and she was finally able to make out the faces of the men around her.
Matthew, Farris, and a few other doctors.
“Are you okay, Stella?” Matthew asked in a soft voice as he caressed her cheek gently.
Stella attempted sitting up straight but failed due to the Lack of strength in her body.
There was a slight throbbing pain in her right hand.
“Everything’s okay now.
Just rest.
I won’t leave your side.
” Matthew spoke slowly, trying his best to keep his emotions in check.
He didn’t want to frighten or startle her.
He raised her hand to his lips and ki*sed it gently.
Farris watched through narrowed eyes.
He turned to Stella and smiled lightly.
“ALL the indicators show that you’re alright.
You’ll be discharged once you’ve rested a few days.
”
The doctors began to slowly file out one after the other.
Farris also walked out, albeit reluctantly.
He had no choice but to leave for his next surgery.
Matthew and Stella were left alone in the room.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Do you want anything, Stella? Water? Food? What do you want to eat?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella could feel her throat constrict, as she took in his disheveled appearance.
She couldn’t form any words.
Instead, she stared at him intensely.
In comparison to how neat and organized he always looked, he was a mess now with his wildly overgrown hair.
She never imagined seeing him in a state like this.
“You don’t recognize me? Do I look that different?” Matthew joked to Lighten the mood.
His tone was playful but there was a clear hint of relief in it.
Stella shook her head to hold back all the overwhelming emotions within her.
“I…” She began but choked on her words.
She frowned, not expecting her voice to come out like she’d swallowed sandpaper.
“Here.
Have some water.
” Matthew checked the temperature of the water before gently feeding it to her.
The lukewarm water was great, and it made her feel a bit better.
“Matthew…”
###chapter814
“Yeah?” Matthew gently tucked her hair behind her hair to get a clearer view of her face.
“Hungry?”
“Yeah.
But my hand hurts.
” Her voice was tender and gentle.
Matthew smiled lovingly at her.
“Do want cereal?”
She nodded her head in response.
A few moments passed, and Matthew walked back to the side of her bed with a bowl in hand.
He lifted a spoonful and blew on it gently.
“The doctor said you should eat something light.
I promise to take you out for something better once you’re feeling okay.
”
“Oh…I see,” Stella replied.
She was still feeling weak so she ate slowly, but Matthew was patient.
Finally regaining some energy, she asked, “How long has it been since I was unconscious?”
“Two days.
You’ve been unconscious for two days,” Matthew said softly after a brief pause.
“I’m sorry for worrying you.
” Stella felt slightly guilty.
“ALL I care about is that you’re okay.
I’m more than willing to do anything for you.
” His gaze was unwavering.
Stella stared at him as she tried to conjure up words, but she didn’t know what to say.
“Stop trying to think of what to say.
I need you to rest.
” Matthew gently ruffled her hair.
Stella sucked in her bottom lip and nodded in response.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Some minutes passed and she finished the rest of the cereal.
“Matthew, go home and rest.
I’ll be okay.
The nurses will take care of me.
”
“I’m good,” Matthew replied without hesitation.
“Just close your eyes and rest.
I’ll stay with you.
”
Stella sighed in defeat.
She knew there was no way she was winning.
After a moment of thinking she suggested, “What if you rest here?”
She was sincerely worried about him.
He looked like he hadn’t slept well in days.
His body screamed for rest so he finally caved in.
###chapter815
He laid his head on the bed and gently took her hand in his, holding it gently but tightly as if she was going to break or disappear any second.
Soon enough, the silence in the room was filled with his even breathing.
Stella took in every detail on his face, a soft expression on her face.
In the silence, she remembered the dream she had.
She was regaining memories of her parents.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew had just drifted into a light sleep when the shrill sound of the ringing phone jolted him awake.
The recent days had left him on a knife-edge, even the slightest sound was enough to snap him back to full alertness.
Blinking his eyes open, he found himself staring into Stella’s worried eyes.
Cradling the phone in her hands, Stella explained hurriedly, “I didn’t want to disturb your sleep, so I thought I’d answer it for you.
”
He had placed his phone beside her before he slept.
“It’s Fernando calling,” she added, extending the phone to Matthew.
“I’m sorry if I startled you.
” The edge of wariness in Matthew’s eyes melted away as he offered Stella a reassuring smile.
“Just stay here and rest.
I’ll handle the call.
”
He helped her back into a comfortable position and tucked the blanket snugly around her before leaving the room, phone in hand.
Once the door clicked shut behind him, he lifted the phone to his ear, his voice adopting a serious tone.
“What have you found out?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“We’ve got the information you need,” Fernando reported in a low, grave voice.
“There’s a car in the hotel’s parking lot equipped with a dashcam.
It caught Eloise, Dulce’s assistant, getting into Flossie’s car just before the accident.
It seems probable that she sabotaged the brakes then.
”
A shadow fell over Matthew’s face, his expression turning grim instantaneously.
“And there’s more.
Stevie and Dulce have been meeting up frequently.
It’s almost certain that they’re the masterminds behind the scheme targeting you, starting with your wife.
” Fernando relayed the information with extreme caution.
Though he couldn’t see Matthew’s face, Fernando could sense the tidal wave of rage emanating through the phone line.
After a moment of contemplative silence, Matthew issued a chilling command.
“Come to the hospital.
”
###chapter816
With the call concluded, Matthew took a moment to collect himself before entering the ward.
Stella studied him closely, searching his face for any signs of disturbance, and asked, “Is something wrong at the company? You can go back if you’re busy; you don’t have to stay here with me all the time.
”
“It’s a minor issue, nothing I can’t handle.
” Matthew offered Stella a comforting smile, filled with reassurance.
Sensing that she might need more convincing, he added, “I haven’t been to the office for the last couple of days, resulting in a bit of a backlog.
I’ve asked Fernando to bring the necessary documents here so I can deal with them on the spot.
”
Stella nodded, her eyes filled with concern as she said, “Just remember to take care of yourself as well.
”
She noticed the fatigue etched on Matthew’s face and felt a twinge of worry.
She initially thought about sharing her recent dream with him, but she hesitated.
The idea that her parents might still be alive was a _ mere speculation.
She knew that if she told Matthew, he would undoubtedly put in the time and effort to investigate.
He had already been through so much these past few days, and she didn’t want to add to his burden.
Noticing the time, Matthew realized that Fernando would be arriving soon.
He stood up, ready to leave, and gave Stella a final piece of advice.
“Get some rest for now.
I’ll be back shortly.
”
Stella responded with a nod of agreement.
The hospital’s cafe downstairs was enveloped in the deep colors of the evening.
Matthew was engrossed in his work on his laptop, while Fernando was engaged in a serious phone conversation nearby.
Both of them wore grave expressions.
Matthew’s brows were knitted together as he stared intently at his computer screen.
He had already issued a stern warning to Stevie regarding the Fairwa project.
However, instead of backing down, Stevie had escalated the situation, targeting Stella and causing her harm, an act Matthew found unforgivable.
This time, he was resolute in his decision: Stevie was going to pay a steep price.
He needed to make it abundantly clear to Stevie where the boundaries were.
Fernando ended his call and approached Matthew, reporting, “Mr.
Clark, the stock market is about to open.
The assets of Stevie’s company are projected to lose at least half of their value.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s eyes burned with an icy determination as he responded, “It’s not enough.
”
Money was something Stevie could earn back.
Losing it was inconsequential to him.
What Matthew wanted was for Stevie to endure the same level of pain and suffering that Stella had been through.
“Do not spare Stevie,” Matthew commanded, his voice ice-cold, his gaze lethal.
Each word he spoke was laden with resolve and anger.
Not long after Matthew left, a nurse came by to set up an IV drip for Stella.
However, as the liquid in the IV bag was nearly empty, Matthew had yet to return.
Stella reached out, pressing the nurse-call button to signal that she needed a new IV bag.
Time ticked by, yet no nurse appeared to assist her.
###chapter817
A frown creased Stella’s forehead as she watched the IV drip’s steady decrease, and a wave of anxiety washed over her.
Could the nurse possibly have missed her call?
Just as she was about to press the button once more, the door swung open abruptly.
Stella’s gaze lifted, meeting the sight of a nurse whose face was almost entirely obscured by a mask, leaving only her eyes visible.
Despite this, Stella sensed a strange familiarity about her.
Brows furrowing in concentration, Stella’s eyes dropped to the name tag pinned on the nurse’s pocket.
Mina Hughes.
A flash of recognition crossed her mind; she had encountered this nurse before.
With a smile that carried a hint of politeness, Stella decided to initiate a conversation.
“Mina, do you work at this hospital?”
Mina’s gaze bore into Stella, her eyebrows knitting together in visible annoyance.
Choosing to ignore Stella’s question, she responded tersely, “Why did you press the button?”
Although Stella found Mina’s tone to be quite unpleasant, she chalked it up to the stress of her job and chose not to take it personally.
Politely, she replied, “The IV drip is almost empty.
”
Mina’s eyes flickered up to the IV bag for a brief moment before she stepped closer.
She took hold of Stella’s hand, and with her other hand, yanked the IV needle out abruptly.
“Ouch!”
Stella couldn’t help but cry out, the sudden pain causing her to instinctively withdraw her hand.
Mina shot Stella a frosty and scornful look.
“Seductress,” she muttered under her breath.
Without another word, she grabbed the IV bag, ready to leave the room.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella, despite the pain, reached out in an attempt to stop her.
But as the pain intensified, she found herself retracting her hand.
Gritting her teeth against the pain, she called out, “Mina, please wait.
”
Mina stopped in her tracks, albeit reluctantly, and turned to face Stella once more.
Her voice was laced with hostility as she asked, “What else do you want?”
It was in this moment that Stella truly registered the animosity in Mina’s behavior.
They had only met once before.
What could have possibly caused such disdain?
###chapter818
iting her lip, Stella broached the subject cautiously.
“Mina, did I do something to offend you? If there’s something bothering you, I wish you’d tell me.
”
A flicker of disgust flashed in Mina’s eyes as she looked at Stella, her tolerance for the perceived pretense wearing thin.
“You’re already married.
Why did you seduce Farris?” she asked, her tone harsh and unwelcoming.
Confronted with these startling accusations, Stella was engulfed in a wave of confusion.
The idea of her seducing Farris was utterly absurd.
As Stella held Mina’s gaze, the pieces of the puzzle slowly began to fall into place.
She recalled Mina’s attitude around Farris that night, and it suddenly dawned on her.
Just as Stella was about to clarify her relationship with Farris, Mina, fuelled by anger, launched into a bitter outburst.
“Farris and I were on the brink of getting engaged, but your meddling has led him to spurn me time and time again.
”
Her voice quivered, her eyes brimming with unshed tears.
“It’s all because you are his.
.
”
“Mina!”
The sharp call interrupted her.
The door was flung open, revealing Farris standing there with an imposing expression.
His eyes bore into Mina as he added in an icy tone, “Don’t disturb her rest.
Leave, now.
”
Mina’s gaze shifted between Farris and Stella, and she felt even more aggrieved.
Tears welled up in her eyes as she hastily exited the room.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once Mina had left, Farris closed the door softly behind her.
He took a moment to compose himself before turning to Stella with a reassuring smile.
“I’m sorry about that.
Mina has been somewhat spoiled by her family.
Regardless of what she just said, I hope you won’t take it to heart.
”
Stella offered a nod in response, yet she couldn’t help but feel that Mina’s resentment towards her wasn’t entirely unfounded, especially considering the last sentence that Farris had interrupted.
Curiosity got the better of her, prompting her to inquire, “Dr.
Barnes, what was Mina about to say regarding me being your… Have we met before?”
Farris forced a smile as as he searched for the right words.
“She was speaking out of turn, nothing more.
Please, don’t give it another thought.
If her words have upset you, I extend my sincerest apologies on her behalf.
”
“I’m not upset.
” Stella shook her head.
###chapter819
However, it’s clear that Mina holds strong feelings for you.
”
Farris took a moment before meeting Stella’s gaze, his voice laced with earnestness.
“I want to be clear.
I have no romantic feelings for Mina.
There is someone else who has captured my heart.
”
His unexpected admission hung in the air, leaving Stella momentarily at a loss for words.
Before she could formulate a response, the door swung open once more.
Matthew stepped inside, his eyes briefly locking with Farris’, a subtle tension in his gaze.
He quickly closed the distance between himself and Stella, taking her hand in his while his other hand caressed her forehead gently.
“Is everything alright? You look distressed.
Are you feeling okay?”
“I’m alright,” Stella assured Matthew, shaking her head gently.
Matthew caught her meaning and turned his icy gaze back to Farris, demanding, “Dr.
Barnes, is there anything else?”
Farris noticed Matthew’s firm grip on Stella’s hand.
His face remained impassive, yet a pang of sorrow touched his heart.
He averted his eyes, choosing to sidestep Matthew’s question.
Instead, he spoke softly to Stella.
“Ensure you get ample rest.
Should you feel even the slightest discomfort, don’t hesitate to reach out to me.
”
With that, he turned and made his exit.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s thin Lips tightened, and he watched the door close silently, his eyes filled with contemplation.
After a moment’s pause, he turned back to Stella, seeking clarification.
“What brought Farris here so suddenly?”
“The IV bag was almost empty, so I called for a nurse to replace it,”
Stella responded, skillfully steering the conversation away from her uncomfortable encounter with Mina.
Sensing that Matthew might probe further, she quickly shifted the topic.
“Is everything under control at the company? You don’t have to stay here.
Feel free to return to work if you’re busy.
”
Matthew studied her still-pale face, brushed a stray hair from her forehead, and replied, “Your only job right now is to rest.
Leave everything else to me.
”
With that, he stood up, shed his coat, and gently lifted the blanket.
Stella instinctively clutched at his hand, her voice laced with anxiety.
###chapter820
“What are you doing?”
Raising an eyebrow, Matthew replied casually, “I’ve spent days on that cramped, uncomfortable folding chair keeping vigil over you.
Now that you’re awake, I’m taking a turn in your bed.
”
Stella glanced at the folding chair, realizing how uncomfortable it must have been for Matthew, given his height and build.
She released his hand but couldn’t shake her nervousness.
However, Matthew didn’t afford her much time to linger in hesitation.
He slipped under the blanket and lay down.
Stella felt his presence at her waist, followed by the warmth of his chest against her back, causing her to stiffen momentarily.
The coolness of his familiar breath enveloped her, his warm exhales grazing her ear, sending shivers down her spine.
Stella shifted slightly, uncomfortable with the intimacy.
Misreading her movements, Matthew’s voice dropped to a low, velvety whisper.
“Get comfortable.
Don’t mind me.
”
He tightened his grip around her waist, his deep voice captivating.
“I’m relieved to see you awake.
”
Stella turned her head just enough to catch his next words.
“I know it’s taking you time to adjust to me, but I’ve already grown accustomed to you.
I can’t bear the thought of you leaving, and I’m sorry for any pain you’ve endured because of me.
” He cradled her cold hand in his, whispering, “I am truly sorry.
”
Matthew was overwhelmed with guilt, realizing the extent of Stella’s suffering because of him.
He recognized the importance of safeguarding those he held dear.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The agony she endured should never have been her cross to bear.
Stella felt a surge of warmth in her heart, and her previously tense body began to slowly relax.
She whispered softly, “It’s not your fault.
You’ve already done so much, and I’m starting to feel better.
Now, get some rest.
”
Having said that, she closed her eyes, gently tightening her hold on Matthew’s hand.
Just as she shut her eyes, Stella felt Matthew delicately turn her body towards him.
Before she had the chance to open her eyes, she sensed a wave of warmth sweep across her lips.
Flushed, she yielded to Matthew’s ki*s.
Matthew’s lips tenderly met Stella’s, lingering for a brief moment.
###chapter821
He caressed her face, his voice slightly husky as he murmured, “Good night, my wife.
”
Stella’s heart fluttered, yet she resisted the urge to open her eyes.
It took her some time to compose herself, and then she succumbed to a deep, tranquil slumber.
In Fairwa, Stevie was experiencing anything but a peaceful night.
He watched helplessly as his assets dwindled away, a feeling of powerlessness and anxiety overwhelming him.
Initially, he had simply intended to challenge Matthew, completely underestimating the extent of Matthew’s influence.
By the time he grasped the gravity of the situation, it was already too late to salvage his losses.
Stevie took a long drag from his cigarette, which was followed by a violent cough.
Frustrated, he flung the cigarette onto the floor, cursing, “Damn it!”
Alex stood at a distance, his body trembling as he witnessed Stevie’s rage.
Gathering his courage, he suggested tentatively, “Perhaps it’s unwise to confront Matthew.
He’s incredibly formidable.
”
He was cut off mid-sentence by Stevie’s sharp glare.
Alex immediately fell silent.
Stevie’s teeth were clenched, his face twisted with frustration.
After a moment of deep thought, his gaze shifted to Alex, a sinister expression in his eyes.
“Get me Fernando’s number,” he commanded.
Stevie hastily punched in Fernando’s number and, to his frustration, found the call cut off immediately.
His expression turned stormy, yet he persevered, dialing Fernando repeatedly, only to face continuous rejection.
After several attempts, he finally connected.
With his temper teetering on the edge, Stevie composed himself and spoke with forced calmness.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Mr.
Quinn, this is Stevie Craig.
Are you still at the office at this hour? What about Mr.
Clark? I need to discuss something with him.
”
“He’s occupied,” Fernando replied, his tone indifferent.
Before Stevie could further the conversation, the line went dead.
Listening to the disconnect tone, Stevie cursed.
He gripped his phone so hard his knuckles turned white, then, in a burst of fury, threw it to the floor.
The device crashed, its screen splintering into a web of cracks.
“Damn him! No respect at all for me!” Stevie fumed, his rage mounting.
Alex, meek as a mouse, kept silent, too intimidated to utter a word.
###chapter822
As the clock marched on, Stevie watched his stocks nosedive, his mood darkening with every passing second.
With no hint of Matthew backing down, Stevie had no option but to track down Fernando’s location and leave Fairwa.
At the hospital, fate had Stevie bump into Fernando just as he was exiting the cafe.
Fernando, with a laptop bag in hand, gave Stevie a glance but remained stoic, continuing on his path.
“Mr.
Quinn,” Stevie called out, lowering his pride with a groveling smile.
Fernando seemed to notice him for the first time, his voice neutral.
“Mr.
Craig, what brings you here so late?”
“I’ll get straight to the point,” Stevie said, his ignorance feigned, seeking to glean insight.
“Could you enlighten me on how I’ve crossed Prosperity Group? Why have they set their sights on my company?”
Fernando’s gaze was cool and dismissive.
“If you were unaware of your mistakes, why would you come to me?”
“Well…” Stevie faltered, his face a canvas of conflicting emotions.
Fernando looked away with disinterest.
“It’s late.
Unless it’s urgent, I’ll be on my way.
”
“Just a moment,” Stevie said, reaching out and clasping Fernando’s arm.
Fernando’s brows knitted, and he withdrew his arm sharply, eyeing Stevie with measured calm.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“If it wouldn’t be too much trouble, might you arrange a meeting for Mr.
Clark and me? I wish to speak with him face to face.
Would that be possible?” Stevie asked, his stance subservient.
Fernando’s attitude was frigid.
“Mr.
Clark has retired for the evening.
We can attend to any issues tomorrow.
”
With those final words, he departed.
Stevie was left simmering in silent fury, powerless to sway Fernando.
He lingered at the hospital entrance, hope dwindling with each minute Matthew failed to appear.
The late night brought a biting wind that whipped around the hospital, sending shivers through Stevie’s frame.
Yet, the urgency to protect his fortune outweighed any physical discomfort.
###chapter823
After a brief pause, he made a decisive call to Dulce.
“I need you here, now!”
Stevie spent the entire night in his car, vigilantly waiting.
At dawn, he caught sight of Matthew stepping out for breakfast.
Seizing the opportunity, Stevie bolted from the car, pulling Dulce along in his wake, and approached Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, please wait,” Stevie greeted him, bowing low.
“My name is Stevie Craig.
”
Matthew’s response was a cool, appraising look, wordless and heavy with judgment.
“Mr.
Clark, the fault lies with me.
My ignorance led to offending your wife.
Dulce is here to extend her personal apologies,” Stevie said, nudging Dulce forward.
Dulce, though clearly disgruntled, had no choice but to apologize.
“Mr.
Clark, I regret my actions.
I’m sorry.
”
The intensity in Matthew’s eyes was unyielding, his voice sharp as winter frost.
“Stella is a decent person, yet she suffered at your hands.
I’ve barely grazed the wealth of the Craig family.
Does this justify your groveling?”
“Please, Mr.
Clark, I implore your understanding.
This accident only recently came to my attention.
” Stevie was quick to disclaim any prior knowledge.
“I was oblivious to Dulce’s treatment of Stella.
Had I been aware, I would’ve intervened.
”
Matthew let out a cold, mocking laugh, the sarcasm evident in his voice.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Mr.
Clark, how might I earn your forgiveness? I will do whatever it takes,” Stevie pledged, eager to mollify Matthew.
Dulce looked on, aghast at Stevie’s blatant lack of integrity.
Yet, wary of provoking Matthew’s wrath, she opted for prudence.
“Mr.
Clark, my dispute isn’t with Stella.
I was acting under Stevie’s commands.
”
“Silence!” Stevie exploded in anger.
“Stevie, you bastard! A true man would own his actions,” Dulce rebuked, abandoning all pretenses of respect.
Matthew, a spectator to their squabbling, found the spectacle almost farcical.
His tone remained unaffected, distant.
###chapter824
“You’ve entangled my wife in this chaos.
Regardless of who orchestrated it, there’s but a single outcome for you.
Go to hell!”
No sooner had Matthew’s words escaped his lips than several bodyguards emerged.
Stevie’s brows knitted together, her spine icing over with a cold dread.
“Mr.
Clark, what exactly are you implying?”
Matthew’s gaze swept over the scene with a chilling finality.
With a raised hand, he silently commanded the bodyguards.
They advanced swiftly, escorting Stevie and Dulce away with unyielding hands.
Stevie flailed, his voice sharp with desperation.
“Matthew Clark!
Must you be so heartless?”
His cry was laden with profound rage.
Yet Matthew remained unmoved, a silent sentinel as the bodyguards pulled the two away.
Soon, only Stevie’s indignant cries and Dulce’s petrified wails filled the air.
At that moment, Matthew’s phone rang.
It was Alex on the other line.
“I’ve secured all the proof of Stevie’s embezzlement.
” Alex’s voice slithered through the phone, a mix of groveling and sycophancy.
“What’s our next move, Mr.
Clark?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Since their last direct confrontation, Alex had been relegated to a mere servant under Stevie’s control.
Alex wisely chose allegiance with Matthew, having seen Stevie repay his years of dedication with cold disregard for just a single mistake.
If Stevie could be so treacherous, why couldn’t he switch sides?
Witnessing Stevie’s explosive rage the previous night only affirmed Alex’s decision.
“Deliver the evidence to Fairwa’s local authorities,” Matthew instructed evenly.
“Understood, sir.
”
“And Alex, manage the Fairwa project with exceptional care.
”
Matthew’s tone was cold, a threat lurking beneath the surface.
“Should you falter, remember today’s lesson with Stevie.
”
###chapter825
A chill raced down Alex’s spine, but he quickly pledged, “Mr.
Clark, I assure you, I will not let you down.
Feel free to review my work anytime.
”
When Stella awoke, her gaze found Matthew.
He sat beside her, his presence defined by the pristine white shirt he wore, its collar undone just so, yet without a crease to mar its perfection.
Matthew sat with impeccable posture, meticulously peeling an apple.
His full attention was devoted to his task as the crimson apple skin curled gracefully in the air with each precise stroke of the fruit knife.
He hadn’t noticed Stella’s eyes on him just yet.
Surprise flickered through Stella’s eyes, a silent marvel at the sight of this man, so singular in a task as simple as peeling an apple.
She couldn’t resist sneaking another peek at Matthew, the edges of her mouth curling into a subtle smile.
The scene was indeed charming, and she had no desire to interrupt his quiet concentration.
She held her silence until he finished with the apple.
Only then did she make a small noise.
Matthew’s attention snapped up.
He placed the apple on the bedside table and gently assisted Stella into a sitting position.
“How do you feel today? Are you still in any discomfort?”
Stella shook her head, a lightness in her tone.
“I’m feeling much better.
Thank you.
”
“Would you like an apple? I peeled one just now.
” Matthew’s voice was tender.
“Or perhaps you’re ready for some breakfast?”
“I’ll have the apple.
” Stella accepted it with a warm smile and savored a bite.
After a moment, she broached the subject weighing on her mind.
“When might I be discharged from the hospital?”
She had an engagement with Mia; she had not anticipated a car accident to disrupt.
Another day in the hospital was another delay, and Stella couldn’t help but worry about falling behind.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew seemed to understand her concern intuitively.
“Mia will be in Seamarsh until the month’s end.
Your health must come first.
I’ll speak with the doctor about when you can go home,” he assured her with a comforting depth to his voice.
Stella nodded.
Matthew handed her a glass of water before continuing, “The accident has been thoroughly investigated, and it was indeed Dulce who orchestrated it.
”
Stella’s expression did not waver as she had suspected as much.
“The gown you designed has been finalized.
It caught the eye of Molina Wellington, who has not only purchased it but agreed to endorse your studio,” Matthew informed her, outlining the fruits of his efforts, a testament to his care.
Stella was touched.
###chapter826
“And Dulce?” Her inquiry was soft, yet it carried the weight of concern.
Matthew’s expression hardened slightly, his voice taking on a steely resolve.
“I will not allow anyone who has harmed you to cross your path again.
”
Two days later, Stella was discharged from the hospital.
As she made her way out of the medical facility, an impressive lineup of sleek, black luxury cars greeted her, radiating an undeniable aura of grandeur and wealth.
Surprised, Stella lifted her gaze to the man beside her.
“Is this your doing?”
A crease formed between Matthew’s eyebrows, his face a mask of confusion.
He studied the license plates briefly and responded with composure.
“It appears to be my grandfather’s arrangement.
He’s been quite insistent on having you over for a meal.
”
“Now?” Stella’s voice wavered, slightly with hesitance.
Their marriage had surpassed the one-year mark, and a formal visit to his family was indeed overdue.
Yet, freshly released from the hospital’s care, Stella felt ill- prepared for such an engagement, not to mention the slight imposition of Waldo’s timing.
Sensing her unease, Matthew offered her comfort.
“Don’t worry, it’s just a simple meal.
There’s no need to be too nervous.
”
Reassured by his words, Stella relented.
Matthew clasped her hand, escorting her to the waiting vehicle.
To the driver, he mentioned firmly, “I’ll drive.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He tenderly opened the door for her, murmuring with a soft gaze, “Please, get in.
”
As Stella moved to comply, a vivid flashback of the car crash jolted her, a shudder coursing through her spine.
Pausing, she shut her eyes against the memory, attempting to regulate her quickening breaths.
“What’s wrong? Do you feel uncomfortable?” Matthew, ever attentive, noticed.
Regaining composure, Stella slowly shook her head.
“I’m alright.
”
“If you’re unwell, we can rest.
The meal can wait.
” Matthew was skeptical, seeing through her denial.
Stella met his gaze, her smile strained but earnest.
###chapter827
“Really, I’m okay.
I would just prefer the back seat today.
”
Reading her anxious expression, Matthew acknowledged the deep psychological scars the accident had inflicted upon Stella.
With a gentle hand, he tousled her hair, comforting, “Choose wherever makes you comfortable.
I’m here with you, and there won’t be any unexpected events in the future.
”
Gratitude flickered in Stella’s eyes as she nodded.
Matthew held open the rear door, watching Stella settle in before he took his position behind the wheel.
Throughout the drive, he maintained a cautious speed, indulging in light conversation to distract her from her nervousness.
Upon arriving at the Clark family estate, rows of vehicles lined the entrance of the opulent mansion.
Matthew stepped out first, then extended his hand to Stella.
Anticipating her anxiety, he reassured her, “My grandparents are much looking forward to this meeting.
They are very friendly, just Like your grandfather.
There’s no need to be nervous.
Should you feel uneasy at any point, just tell me.
”
His assurances lifted the weight from Stella’s shoulders.
She offered him a faint smile, whispering in agreement, “Okay.
”
Matthew tightened his grip on her hand as he escorted her into the opulent Living room.
Waldo, exuding casual elegance in his loungewear, sat comfortably on the sofa.
Upon spotting Stella, his features softened with a gentle smile.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Stella.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Beside him, Lucia’s smile radiated warmth.
As the knots of apprehension within Stella began to unravel, she addressed them with due respect.
“Stella, you’ve endured quite the ordeal,” Lucia expressed, her voice laced with concern as she pulled Stella into a caring embrace.
“Now that you’re out of the hospital, prioritize your well-being.
Let other matters take a back seat.
”
“I’m almost fully recovered.
I’m sorry for worrying you,” Stella replied with a reassuring smile.
Lucia’s grip was both firm and comforting.
“Enough standing around.
Let’s enjoy our meal and converse over dinner.
”
Guiding Stella, they proceeded to the dining room.
###chapter828
The table was adorned with an array of exquisite dishes.
Everyone took their seat.
Taking her place at their table for the first time, Stella’s poise betrayed her nervousness.
Her posture was impeccable, her movements measured, and even her chewing was conscious and precise.
It didn’t take long for Lucia to take note of Stella’s reservations.
She offered a warm suggestion to her grandson, “Matthew, make sure to attend to Stella.
This is, after all, her first meal in our home.
”
Encouraged by his grandmother’s words, Matthew served Stella a slice of beef.
“Just relax.
”
Stella’s tension ebbed away slightly.
It was then that Waldo broached a more personal subject.
“Matthew, now that you and Stella have resolved your misunderstandings, perhaps it’s time to start thinking about children,” he said, his deep voice tinged with a teasing undertone.
Stella paused her chewing, a blush of shyness coloring her cheeks.
Matthew replied, “We’re still young.
We’re in no hurry.
We wish to savor our time together, just the two of us, for a while Longer.
”
Waldo’s expression showed a hint of resistance, yet before he could delve deeper, Lucia intervened with a decisive glance in his direction.
“Waldo, concentrate on your meal and refrain from interfering in their business.
”
Stella exhaled a silent sigh of gratitude for Lucia’s intervention.
She turned her attention back to her steak, yet as her knife sliced against a thick cut of meat, she unwittingly exerted too much force.
The ensuing pain made her grip falter, and the knife clattered obtrusively onto the plate, disrupting the serenity of the meal.
At the dinner table, the trio’s attention shifted to Stella.
His voice laced with concern, Matthew asked, “What’s the matter, Stella? Are you feeling all right?”
With a slight strain in her smile, Stella apologized, “Oh, it’s nothing.
I just dropped the knife accidentally, that’s all.
”
She averted her eyes and reached for the knife again, poised to tackle her steak, when her plate was whisked away.
With effortless finesse, Matthew commandeered the knife and fork, slicing through the steak with practiced ease.
Then he placed the now neatly cut steak before Stella.
###chapter829
“Please, go ahead and eat.
”
Lucia raised an eyebrow in intrigue, her lips curling into a smile as she took a leisurely sip of water.
“Thank you,” Stella responded, her gratitude genuine.
She subtly massaged her hand beneath the table, a twinge of discomfort Lurking within.
After the meal, Waldo summoned Mathew to his study, Meanwhile, Lucia ushered Stella into the living room for a heartfelt conversation.
Clasping Stella’s hands tenderly, Lucia expressed her concern.
“My dear, you seem frailer than before, and your pallor is worrying.
The ordeal must’ve taken its toll.
Why don’t you stay here? We have a nutritionist who can aid in your recovery.
”
“There’s no need.
” Stella was quick to refuse.
“I just didn’t get enough rest during my hospital stay.
Once I’m back home, I’ll make sure to eat more.
I’ll be healthier the next time we meet.
”
Recognizing the independence cherished by the youth, Lucia relented, not without imparting one last piece of advice.
“Should you crave something specific, inform Matthew.
And if he can’t fulfill the request, I’m at your beck and call.
Our nutritionist is at your service, even as far as Prosper Bay.
”
“Okay, I’ll remember that.
” Stella exhaled a silent breath of gratitude.
“Your grandfather attempted to contact you a few days ago.
When he couldn’t, he reached out to me.
I assured him you were abroad with Matthew.
Now that you’re discharged, do call him.
He’s been worried.
”
With a nod of acknowledgment, Stella dug out her phone and initiated a video call to Clint.
‘s BunnyBookery
The call connected within seconds, and Clint’s warm and amiable face appeared on the screen.
“Stella, why haven’t we heard from you lately?”
“Just returned from a trip with Matthew.
I wanted to call you at the earliest,” Stella reassured, following the alibi Lucia crafted.
“Are you at the Clarks’ residence?” Clint inquired, noting the unfamiliar backdrop.
Stella nodded.
Clint’s expression brightened.
“Marvelous! Take this opportunity to grow closer to Matthew.
Knowing he’s with you puts my mind at ease.
”
“I promise to inform you before I travel next time, so you won’t have to worry,” Stella said, the emotion evident in her voice, her nose tingling with the suppressed sentiment.
Lucia, with her keen intuition, picked up on Stella’s emotional shift.
Worried that Clint might perceive the subtle change in Stella’s demeanor, she said, “Let me have a word with your grandfather.
”
###chapter830
Stella passed the phone to Lucia, taking the opportunity to excuse herself.
“I’ll go get you a glass of water from the kitchen.
”
“Yes, please.
”
In the kitchen, Stella took a moment to collect herself.
She was about to reach for a thermos when the evening’s earlier incident echoed in her mind.
Her gaze fixed on her right hand momentarily, before carefully wrapping her fingers around the thermos handle.
‘s BunnyBookery
There was a slight tremble, nothing more.
A wave of relief washed over her.
For a fleeting second, she had been genuinely concerned that there was a serious problem with her hand.
In the study, the atmosphere was tensed as Waldo’s voice filled the room.
“The uproar surrounding Fairwa has certainly stirred the waters.
Is the situation under control?”
“Everything has been resolved,” Matthew replied, his tone even.
Waldo regarded him with a grave Look.
Over the years, Matthew had taken the helm of Prosperity Group with an impressive grip, demonstrating remarkable poise.
He had surpassed all expectations, and there wasn’t much more Matthew could be taught.
Nevertheless, given the recent events that had inadvertently affected Stella, Waldo felt compelled to caution him.
“Now that Stella is known to be your wife, you may face new threats.
You need to be more cautious.
”
A shadow of determination flickered in Matthew’s eyes, a silent vow to protect what was his.
He nodded with a depth of seriousness that matched the weight of Waldo’s words.
“I am well aware.
”
Matthew emerged from the study, ready to escort Stella home.
He told Lucia, “Grandma, Stella has just been discharged from the hospital and she needs proper rest.
We’ll come visit you another time.
”
Though Lucia wanted Stella to stay a bit longer, the mention of her recent hospitalization meant that she had to yield.
With a heavy heart, she escorted Stella to the door, clasping her hand, and murmured, “Make sure to call me when you find a moment, and don’t overexert yourself.
Remember, ample rest is crucial.
”
“Okay.
” Stella nodded.
###chapter831
“Please go back inside and get some rest as well.
I’ll make sure to visit often.
”
Lucia nodded in response and released her hand.
The car began its slow departure.
Stella kept her gaze affixed to the passing scenery outside her window.
Matthew caught a glimpse of her profile and suggested, “You should stay at Prosper Bay tonight.
”
Startled by his proposition, Stella turned to him with wide eyes.
Matthew elaborated, “You’ve left the hospital, but your wounds are still healing.
The thought of you being alone concerns me.
My house has your room ready.
You’re welcome to stay there during your recovery.
”
Stella hesitated, her response caught in her throat.
Undeterred, Matthew pressed on, “If you’re not comfortable with that, I’ll move into your studio.
But you can’t let me sleep on the sofa all the time, can you? Sleeping on the sofa is really uncomfortable.
”
Stella blinked, then finally nodded, and her face turned pink.
Matthew’s smile grew wider as he caught the subtle hint of her shyness.
That evening, Stella retired to her former room.
It was immaculate, as though it had been cleaned daily.
She surrendered to sleep swiftly after her nightly routine.
Yet, deep into the night, nightmares jolted her awake.
Stella’s scream tore through the silence as she bolted upright, a sheen of sweat coating her brow as she surveyed the unfamiliar room.
Only the rhythmic knocking at the door anchored her back to reality.
Matthew entered, flicking on the light switch and rushing to her side.
“What’s the matter? What happened?” he inquired, dabbing at her forehead with tissues.
Huddled against his chest, Stella trembled, the haunting images lingering.
“Ever since the accident, the same dream haunts me.
It features a young couple and myself as a child.
I call them Dad and Mom…”
She frowned as she tried to reconstruct the vision from her dream.
“But for some reason, they insisted on leaving and said goodbye to me.
Could there be any plausible reason for my parents to leave me at an orphanage?”
Stella looked up at Matthew, eyes brimming with a mixture of hope and confusion.
###chapter832
“Is it possible they’re out there searching for me? That they’re not gone?”
When Matthew heard her guess, he thought of something.
He stroked her back with his hands from time to time and comforted her.
“If you want to find your parents, I will help you investigate.
”
With a compliant nod, Stella consented to his help.
Later that night, after ensuring Stella had succumbed to sleep once more, Matthew bestowed a soft ki*s upon her lips.
He then enveloped her in the comfort of the covers, turned off the lights, and retreated from the room.
Perhaps assured by Matthew’s vow, the troubling dream did not revisit Stella.
When next she woke, morning Light spilled generously into the room, it was nine o’clock.
After washing up, Stella descended the stairs to hear noise in the kitchen.
As she observed Matthew’s focused efforts and recalled the unsuccessful breakfast he had prepared for her previously, Stella couldn’t resist but intervene.
“You’d better not cook this time.
Let me handle it,” she suggested.
Matthew didn’t glance back as he countered, “You need to recover.
I’m determined to master it this time.
”
Stella wanted to insist, but her phone rang.
It was an email from Mia’s assistant.
The previous night, she had reached out, explaining her recent accident and requesting a meeting with Mia.
Stella glanced at Matthew, ensuring he was indeed capable of cooking, and then she took a seat at the table, focusing on her email correspondence.
Mia’s response was prompt.
“Let’s meet at the cafe by my hotel tonight at eight.
”
A flicker of excitement danced across Stella’s face, but it quickly dimmed.
The last time, Mia had hoped that Stella would settle her personal matters before their meeting.
Lost in contemplation, Stella barely noticed Matthew approaching with a plate in hand.
Matthew placed the plate in front of Stella, his voice carrying a deep timbre.
“What are you thinking about?”
Stella snapped out of her reverie, her gaze falling upon the simple breakfast before her, a hint of astonishment flickering in her eyes.
Despite the slightly overcooked egg and bacon, the meal presented itself rather appetizingly.
It was a considerable improvement compared to his previous culinary attempts.
With a warm smile, Stella commended, “Impressive.
You’ve made remarkable progress.
”
###chapter833
Matthew beamed with pride.
“I’m a married man now.
I have to learn to take care of my wife.
”
He pulled a chair closer, his curiosity piqued.
“So, what were you pondering just moments ago?”
After a brief pause, Stella replied with seriousness, “I have a favor to ask of you.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Go ahead,” Matthew urged, raising an eyebrow.
Stella continued, “Tonight, I need you to accompany me to see Mia, posing as my husband.
”
A shadow crossed Matthew’s face as he cautioned in a somber tone, “I am your husband, to begin with.
What exactly do you mean by that?”
Stella chuckled, teasing playfully, “Well, according to our marriage certificate, it says ‘Maverick,’ not ‘Matthew.
'”
Matthew furrowed his brow, his initial anger gradually subsiding, yet his displeasure remained evident.
“I’ll have it changed soon.
”
Unfazed by his irritation, Stella took a bite of the fried egg and remarked casually, “Then I’ll take that as your agreement.
”
“Of course,” Matthew replied.
Stella sipped her milk and elaborated, “I plan to buy a new dress later.
Last time I met Mia, I wasn’t adequately prepared, and a lot happened afterward.
It was all quite chaotic.
This time, I want to leave a lasting impression on her.
”
Determination filled Matthew’s voice as he affirmed, “I’1l accompany you after breakfast.
”
He sounded genuinely delighted.
“You’ve been absent from the company for the past few days.
There must be numerous matters requiring your attention.
I’m just going shopping for a dress; it won’t take long.
I’ll have Miley accompany me.
” Stella refused him.
“I haven’t seen Miley since my hospitalization.
I’d like to catch up with her over afternoon tea.
”
After some contemplation, Matthew agreed.
“I’ll arrange for some bodyguards to accompany you.
”
Stella initially contemplated declining but gave in when she met Matthew’s determined gaze.
It seemed that if she resisted, he might personally follow her.
She sighed in resignation, saying, “Alright.
”
After breakfast, Matthew drove Stella to Miley’s villa before heading to his company.
###chapter834
As Stella entered the spacious hall, Miley happened to descend the staircase.
She hastily discarded her bag and rushed towards Stella, her eyes scanning her friend from head to toe.
Only when she was certain that Stella was well did Miley embrace her tightly.
“Matthew was so worried that something might go wrong, so he didn’t allow Flossie and me to visit you.
I’ve been anxious these past few days.
Seeing you well now is such a relief,” Miley confessed, her eyes welling up with tears.
Stella was deeply moved and felt a pang of guilt.
“I’m sorry for causing you worry.
I promise to take better care of myself from now on.
”
“Please don’t get hurt again,’ Miley admonished with a pretend fierceness.
“Alright,” Stella replied with a warm smile.
As they exited the villa, Miley noticed several well-dressed bodyguards not far away.
She raised an eyebrow and asked, “Did Matthew send them? He seems excessively concerned about you.
No wonder you forgave him so quickly.
”
Stella blushed at Miley’s teasing tone.
She glanced at her friend and retorted playfully, “You’re looking much brighter today than before.
Have you been having a good time recently? Any progress with Neville?”
Miley choked.
Avoiding Stella’s gaze, she replied, “Don’t ask about that.
I’ll let you know if things between us advance, but…”
She paused for a moment and then grinned slightly.
“I do have a different perspective on Neville.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Respecting her friend’s privacy, Stella refrained from prying further.
The two friends continued to chat and laugh as they made their way to the heart of Seamarsh.
Miley ran her fingers through Stella’s hair and remarked, “Your hair has suffered since your injury.
Why don’t you get it styled first?
It’ll complement your outfit later.
”
Stella hadn’t paid much attention to her hair in a while, so she agreed without hesitation.
They entered a high-end hair salon, and as they stepped inside, they overheard a sharp voice from within.
“Stella is nothing.
”
Stella and Miley came to an abrupt halt, their gaze fixated on a girl whose fiery red hair demanded attention.
It was her voice that had captured their ears.
In her grasp, she clutched a magazine flaunting a striking cover featuring Dulce, accompanied by the bold headline, “Rising Star Plummets Abruptly.
”
Stella frowned.
###chapter835
The red-haired girl remained oblivious to Stella’s presence by the doorway, fervently defending Dulce.
“What makes Stella so special, anyway? She merely secured herself a wealthy husband.
Without Matthew, who would even know her?
Dulce toiled relentlessly to reach her current position, only to be ousted with a single comment.
Our society has lost its way.
Hard work counts for nothing in the face of wealth.
At this rate, everyone will follow Stella’s path and seek out sugar daddies.
”
A staff member from the salon, in the midst of washing her hair, added, “What can we do in such situations? We’re left with no choice but to swallow our pride.
It’s truly unfair to Dulce.
”
Miley frowned and raised her foot, ready to confront the red-haired girl.
“I need to teach this woman a lesson and make her realize the weight of her words.
”
Swiftly, Stella gripped Miley’s hand.
“Let it go.
Allow them to say what they will.
We can find another place.
Don’t let this affect your mood.
”
She had a crucial meeting with Mia later in the day, and she couldn’t afford any trouble.
No matter how tempting it was to win the argument, she couldn’t allow anything to jeopardize her meeting with Mia.
Even if Stella won the argument, she wouldn’t gain anything from it.
Miley couldn’t suppress her indignation.
“Are you just going to let her tarnish your reputation like this in public?”
Stella withdrew her gaze, maintaining her composure.
She understood Miley’s concern and explained, “I have a meeting with Mia tonight, and after doing our hair, we need to shop for clothes.
‘s BunnyBookery
If we waste time on this, it won’t harm that girl, but I might lose favor with Mia.
”
Hearing this, Miley struggled to contain her anger.
The two of them turned to leave.
However, at that very moment, the salon manager emerged from within, recognizing Stella with keen eyes.
He approached them swiftly, offering a warm greeting, “Are you Stella Anderson? Welcome to our salon.
”
The manager took a few steps closer to Stella, continuing, “What kind of hairstyle can we assist you and your friend with today? Please, come inside, and I’ll personally attend to you.
”
With enthusiasm, he led Stella back into the salon.
Upon hearing Stella’s name, the red-haired girl promptly sat up.
She squinted her eyes, sizing up Stella.
With a hint of provocation in her tone, she asked, “You’re Stella, aren’t you?”
Stella met her gaze calmly, choosing not to respond.
The red-haired woman was Farrah Bryant.
###chapter836
She was a close friend of Dulce’s, and the thought of Dulce suffering because of Stella fueled her rage.
Farrah sneered with disdain, “Not even that attractive.
I can’t understand what Matthew sees in you.
He has such terrible taste.
”
Stella had no desire to start a petty argument with her.
She turned to the manager and simply stated, “I’d like a slight trim of my tips and a hair treatment, please.
”
Seeing that Stella was ignoring her, Farrah couldn’t contain her rage any longer.
Without bothering to dry her hair, she marched up to Stella, clutching the magazine, and pointed a furious finger at her.
“Someone like you doesn’t deserve to get your hair done here.
”
Stella quirked her lips, a subtle hint of mockery playing on her face.
Farrah then turned to the manager, stating, “Aren’t you going to kick her out? I’ve spent hundreds of thousands in your salon every year.
Is this the kind of upscale place just anyone can walk into? I don’t want my standards to be lowered by their presence.
”
Growing impatient with the escalating commotion, Stella displayed a glint of annoyance and coldness in her eyes.
“Are you attempting to defend Dulce? You accuse me of ruining Dulce, yet you don’t even measure up to her level.
Do you believe it’s hard for me to teach you a lesson?”
Farrah fell silent.
She had not expected Stella’s response.
Everyone in the salon went dead silent too, all wearing similar expressions of shock.
On the other hand, Stella stayed calm.
With a smile, she said, “You’re in a salon.
You should focus on the haircut you want to get.
”
After a few seconds, Farrah snapped out of her trance and noticed the looks the other women were giving her.
Rage heated her blood.
She forgot about trying to be classy.
“You f@cking bitch! How dare you threaten me?”
With her hair still damp, she wanted to fight.
She raised her hand to slap Stella.
Stella had enough of it.
Her face darkened as she gripped Farrah’s hand tightly, preventing her from successfully landing the slap.
“Let me go! You stupid bitch!” Farrah glared daggers at her as she struggled to free herself.
Stella’s hand stung a little.
###chapter837
She ignored the pain and focused all her attention on Farrah, glaring sharply.
“Watch yourself.
You wouldn’t want to end up like Dulce, would you?”
ALL the color drained from Farrah’s face in horror.
Knowing who Stella was, the manager quickly took her side.
He hurriedly had Farrah escorted from the building.
Miley watched in pure amusement.
Once Farrah was out, she turned to Stella.
“That was so cool! I’m so proud.
”
Stella’s cheeks turned bright pink.
“I just did what I had to do.
Come on, we have to finish our hair and go shopping.
”
Miley responded with a quick nod.
The staff did their best to make sure Miley and Stella were satisfied after seeing what Stella could do to people who frustrated her.
After an hour, they were finally done with their hair.
They walked out of the salon with wide smiles on their faces.
Miley followed Stella to the department store to help her pick out a white evening gown.
Everything went smoothly and soon it was evening already.
Just as Miley was about to ask how Stella was going to return, the latter’s phone rang.
Seeing that Matthew was calling, Stella picked it up immediately without hesitation.
“I’m done working.
Are you done too? Where are you? I’ll pick you up.
”
Matthew’s deep voice came from the other end of the Line.
Stella cast a glance at Miley before answering, “Yeah, we’re done too.
I’ll meet you at the coffee shop in the mall in ten minutes.
”
Miley gave her a quick smile.
“I’ll have dinner with my parents.
You and Matthew should enjoy your date.
”
Stella returned the smile.
###chapter838
She stood as and watched Miley’s retreating figure until she was out of sight, then she walked over to the coffee shop to wait for Matthew.
In a few minutes, Matthew called.
Stella left the shop to find Matthew’s car parked by the road.
Without wasting a second, she hurriedly got in and Matthew immediately drove off.
Matthew took a quick glance at her.
“Did you have your hair cut?”
Her hand subconsciously went up to her hair as she picked a small lock.
“What do you think?”
“It’s really pretty.
And it creates a nice contrast with your dress.
”
Stella’s eyes lit up at the compliment, and she smiled happily at him.
With his eyes never leaving the road, he asked, “You didn’t have any issues at the mall?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella shook her head.
“I didn’t.
Why are you asking?”
She realized that the bodyguards he assigned to watch her probably reported the situation with Farrah to Matthew.
“Don’t worry about it, it was only a small issue.
I was able to handle it,” she added.
“Okay.
I was worried people would try to hurt you.
”
Stella let out a small chuckle.
“I’m not a pushover,” she stated with a proud and playful smile on her face.
Stella and Matthew entered the coffee shop, the chosen meeting place for their rendezvous with Mia.
With deliberate steps, they sought out an empty table and settled into their seats In no time, the graceful figure of Mia made her entrance into the cozy coffee shop.
Stella, vigilant as ever, had been keeping a watchful eye on the entrance.
As soon as her keen gaze fell upon Mia, she rose from her chair.
However, she couldn’t help but notice Mia was frowning.
Concern etched across her features, she inquired, “Mia, is everything alright?”
Mia placed her bag on the table and gestured towards her dress.
She adorned a resplendent silver gown adorned with meticulously crafted beads on the front.
However, upon closer inspection, it became evident that the beads on the back were sparser, with a few teetering on the brink of detachment.
A furrow creased Stella’s brow as she questioned, “How did this happen?”
###chapter839
Mia sighed and recounted the unfortunate incident.
“I was in the elevator just moments ago, and the doors closed on my dress, pulling off some of the beads.
”
Her gaze shifted down to her gown, and then she raised her head, her brows slightly furrowed.
“This gown is my absolute favorite, and I never imagined it to be in such a state.
”
Stella’s expression mirrored her concern as she pondered the situation.
“Do you still have the beads that were dislodged?”
“Yes,” Mia replied somberly.
“I intend to address it once I return.
I hope to salvage this gown, as it’s already a rare piece.
”
Her tone was filled with regret.
Stella pursed her lips, contemplating for a moment.
She then cautiously made an offer.
“If you wouldn’t mind, may I give it a try?”
Mia regarded Stella with a hint of suspicion at first.
However, Stella explained earnestly, “There’s a jewelry store next to this coffee shop.
If you grant me some time, I can acquire the necessary materials to repair your dress.
”
“I truly appreciate your kindness, Stella,” Mia responded in a gentle tone.
“I don’t doubt your intentions, but I don’t want to inconvenience you.
I’ll have the factory employ a machine to rectify it upon my return.
”
“No.
” Stella was quick to counter, her determination unwavering.
Realizing her emotions were running high, she softened her tone and lowered her voice.
“The factory’s machines can only attach beads in fixed positions.
Your dress features intricate patterns, natural color transitions, and is evidently a high-end design.
Handwork is the best choice.
”
Mia comprehended the situation and acknowledged the choice before her.
Handwork would undoubtedly demand more time and effort, and the fault was hers alone.
It shouldn’t fall upon Stella to fix it.
Stella, perceptive as ever, noticed Mia’s hesitation and gently reassured her, “Please place your trust in me.
I am committed to doing everything in my power to repair the dress for you.
”
Matthew, who had been silently admiring Stella throughout, could no longer contain the deep affection welling up within him, his eyes reflecting his sentiments.
After a brief moment of contemplation, Mia eventually yielded, her gratitude evident.
###chapter840
“Then, please, assist me in handling this matter.
Thank you so much.
”
Stella responded with a warm smile and a nod.
“Please wait a moment.
I’ll be right back.
”
With Stella temporarily gone, the coffee shop now housed only Matthew and Mia.
With Stella’s intervention, Mia’s spirits had markedly improved.
Taking the initiative, Matthew introduced himself, extending his hand courteously.
“I am Stella’s husband, Matthew Clark.
”
Mia raised a quizzical eyebrow, seemingly taken aback by the title he used in his introduction.
Not the president of Prosperity Group, but Stella’s husband.
It appeared that the latter title held greater prestige in his eyes.
‘s BunnyBookery
She responded with a polite smile, “I am well aware of who you are, Matthew, the president of Prosperity Group.
I have recently been in contact with your company’s designers, and your consultant, Slater, has left a lasting impression on me.
”
Matthew’s countenance remained unchanged as he spoke with measured words.
“Thank you for your kind words.
However, I also hope that you can provide Stella with an opportunity to showcase her abilities.
”
When Matthew mentioned Stella, his demeanor involuntarily softened, reflecting the deep affection and pride he held for his wife.
Mia observed Matthew in silence, his figure cloaked in a perfectly tailored black suit exuding an aura of maturity and composure.
Seeing a strategic thinker like him lowering his status and willingly advocate for someone else was a surprising sight.
Deep within her, Mia felt a profound sense of astonishment.
She nodded gently and wore a warm smile, remarking, “I also deeply admire Stella.
Her exceptional character is what I hold in the highest regard.
”
In the midst of their conversation, Stella returned to the coffee shop with haste, placing the acquired materials on the table.
Matthew’s keen eye caught a stain on the pristine white hem of her dress, and he furrowed his brow in concern, asking, “What happened?”
Stella followed his gaze, glanced at the hem, and offered a casual explanation.
“I think I walked a bit too briskly earlier and accidentally brushed against something.
It’s nothing.
”
As she spoke, she retrieved the materials, inspected the distribution of beads on the dress hem, and then knelt down to begin sewing.
###chapter841
Mia lowered her gaze and observed Stella’s deft movements, her appreciation evident.
In no time, Stella completed the final stitch, delicately setting down the dress hem.
What had been a bare piece of fabric was now adorned with sparkling beads, appearing as flawless as ever.
Stella let out a sigh of relief.
Mia expressed her satisfaction, saying, “You possess remarkable handiwork skills.
Even upon close inspection, there’s no trace of repair.
”
“Thank you for your kind words,” Stella replied with a smile.
“With a compliment like that, it seems I could find employment in a factory if I ever found myself in need.
I wouldn’t have to worry about putting bread on the table.
”
Her playful remark lightened the atmosphere, eliciting a laugh from Mia.
Recognizing that the dress repair had taken some time, Stella grew concerned that it might be late and impact Mia’s rest.
Therefore, she came straight to the point.
“Today I wanted to personally address some of the rumors about my private life that the reporters circulated the other day.
” Stella turned to Matthew and made a formal introduction.
“Matthew is my husband, and we’ve been married for over a year.
”
Mia’s expression radiated warmth as she absorbed Stella’s words.
“Wie had our reasons for choosing a low-profile marriage initially, which led to speculations about our relationship in the public eye,”
Stella explained, her gaze affectionately fixed on Matthew.
“Our bond is stable, and everything is perfectly normal, despite the unfounded rumors circulating.
”
Mia nodded in understanding and reassurance, saying, “I believe you.
”
Any lingering doubts she might have had earlier had dissipated through her interaction with Matthew and her careful observations.
“Before coming to Seamarsh, I was hoping to find a dependable partner, both in my personal life and in my work,” Mia continued in a soft tone.
“Now, it seems you are an excellent choice.
”
Stella felt a surge of joy, not expecting things to progress this smoothly.
“However…” Mia’s expression grew serious.
Stella’s heart tensed in response.
“Do you have any other requirements?”
“I can’t simply bring you on board without some assessment.
You must pass a test.
After all, you’re a newly emerging designer, and my team doesn’t have much knowledge of your capabilities.
You need to demonstrate your ability to convince everyone,” Mia stated.
Stella nodded in understanding, grateful for the opportunity to prove herself.
###chapter842
“Please go on,” she said, her expression serious and determined.
Mia smiled faintly as she outlined the test.
“You’ve seen the dress I’m wearing tonight.
It’s part of the Blue Flame’s signature pearl collection.
So, I’m going to base your test on pearls.
You’ll be tasked with designing a dress according to your own creative vision.
”
Stella’s gaze briefly lingered on Mia’s dress, and then she composed herself, saying, “All right, I will pour my heart into the design.
”
“I’ll be hosting a banquet at the end of the month before leaving Seamarsh,” Mia revealed.
“If you can provide me with a design that truly impresses me by then, we will consider collaborating with you.
”
“I will give it my all.
Thank you.
” Stella expressed genuine gratitude from the depths of her heart.
After bidding Mia farewell, Stella finally allowed herself to fully relax.
It was only then that she realized how parched she felt.
She reached for her coffee cup and took a long, satisfying sip.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew, sitting across from her, also raised his coffee cup.
“Honey, congratulations on securing this opportunity.
”
“Thank you for your help,” Stella replied, her eyebrows arching as she gazed lovingly into his eyes.
Matthew’s heart skipped a beat.
He stood up, taking Stella’s hand in his.
“Let’s go home to celebrate.
”
Stella was momentarily startled by his sudden gesture but soon broke into a radiant smile, gripping his hand tightly in response.
Together, they made their way back to Prosper Bay.
Stella led the way into the villa, turning to ask, “How about a drink to celebrate? Wine or whisky?”
There was no immediate response from behind her.
Just as she was about to turn around, she felt Matthew’s strong arms envelop her waist, pinning her gently against the door.
Their eyes met, and in Matthew’s deep gaze, she saw nothing but tenderness and affection.
Stella’s heartbeat quickened.
With his warm lips, he teasingly traced her own, creating a delightful sensation that sent shivers down her spine.
Her racing heart caused her to instinctively clutch his suit, fearing he might hear the chaos within her chest.
She wanted to escape, but she found herself unable to resist.
Matthew tilted her chin upward, finally sealing their longing with a gentle, affectionate ki*s.
Stella surrendered herself, leaning into his embrace, allowing him to lead the dance of their passion.
###chapter843
Her heart raced, threatening to break free from the confines of her chest.
It wasn’t until they were both breathless that Matthew’s lips reluctantly parted from hers.
His fingers tenderly brushed against her eyebrows, and as Stella opened her eyes, she met his intense gaze.
Under his unwavering scrutiny, her cheeks flushed a deep crimson.
Matthew held her waist more tightly, pulling her closer, as if he wished to meld her softness into his own body.
Their Lips met again, and Stella wrapped her arms around his neck, eagerly reciprocating his desire.
Nervous but exhilarated, she could feel the intensity of his passion, burning like an irresistible flame.
She shut her eyes tightly, surrendering herself to instinct.
After their passionate ki*s, their breaths intertwined, leaving Stella slightly breathless, her face flushed, and her eyes shimmering.
‘s BunnyBookery
Captivated by her gentle and beautiful countenance, Matthew scooped her up and headed towards the master bedroom on the second floor, his movements sudden but purposeful.
Stella instinctively wrapped her arms around his neck.
As they entered the bedroom, Matthew gently placed her on the bed.
His fingers traced the contours of her head as he leaned in to ki*s her soft, crimson Lips.
He parted her lips, and his tongue found its way into her mouth.
Stella’s body had become pliant, and coherent thoughts eluded her.
Matthew, in a burst of passion, nibbled her ear, causing her to gasp and go limp, her voice involuntarily escaping her lips.
Matthew’s own breath quickened, but he struggled to maintain control over his desires.
He held Stella tightly, ki*sing her cheek.
“Stella…” Matthew whispered in her ear.
“If it weren’t for your injuries, I would make love to you right now.
”
Stella smiled radiantly, wrapping her arms around Matthew’s neck and ki*sing him on the lips.
“Matthew, thank you for everything you’ve done for me.
”
Matthew was momentarily taken aback.
Stella’s spontaneous ki*s stirred something within him, a desire he hadn’t fully comprehended before.
He had never imagined that he would one day want to commit himself to love only one woman for the rest of his life.
But as he gazed at Stella, his determination solidified.
###chapter844
Lowering his head, Matthew placed a tender ki*s on Stella’s forehead and confessed, “I love you, honey.
”
Blushing, Stella slipped out of his embrace, hopped out of bed, and darted away.
“I’m going to take a shower.
Goodnight.
”
Without waiting for a response, she disappeared into the en-suite bathroom, leaving Matthew slightly lost and pensive.
He sat on the edge of the bed, contemplating the closed door, before retrieving his phone and calling Fernando.
“Prepare something for me.
”
The following morning, Stella awoke and ventured out of her room.
A hush had settled over the house, and Matthew’s room was conspicuously vacant.
Stella glanced at the clock and couldn’t fathom why he would have left for work so early.
As she descended the stairs, contemplating calling Matthew, her gaze fell upon a resplendent white dress adorning the living room.
The sun’s rays streamed through the French windows, casting a warm golden hue upon the immaculate garment.
Its craftsmanship was impeccable, clearly the work of a skilled artisan.
Stella found herself utterly captivated by this dress.
She stood in a trance for an extended moment, completely oblivious to someone approaching from behind.
It wasn’t until Matthew encircled her waist with his arms that she became aware of his presence.
“Why didn’t you make a sound?” Stella leaned against his chest.
“I heard my own footsteps, you know.
You were lost in thought and didn’t notice me,” Matthew replied, his lips grazing her hair.
“What do you think of this one?”
“It’s very beautiful.
” Stella smiled.
Matthew loosened his embrace, turned Stella to face him, and suggested, “Why don’t you try it on?”
“Me?” Surprise flickered in Stella’s eyes.
Matthew removed the dress from its hanger and placed it in Stella’s hands.
Then, he gently nudged her upstairs, saying, “Give it a try.
”
Stella returned to her room, the dress still cradled in her arms, her mind in a whirl.
She hastily donned the dress, and to her astonishment, it hugged her form like it had been custom-tailored for her.
Gazing at herself in the mirror, even without a hint of makeup, Stella found herself radiating beauty in the white dress.
When she descended the stairs once more, Matthew remained rooted in place.
Slowly, he raised his head, and his eyes widened in sheer astonishment.
###chapter845
Stella was adorned in the white, form-fitting fishtail skirt that showcased her tall, svelte, and exquisite figure flawlessly.
The lengthy skirt bore a subtle V-shaped slit on the left side, offering a tantalizing glimpse of her straight and slender legs.
Her elegant neck, graceful shoulders, and delicate collarbone were all exposed elegantly.
Matthew fixed his gaze on her and inquired, “Do you like it?”
“Yes, I do.
” Stella met his passionate gaze with a resounding affirmation.
She reached out and delicately brushed her fingers over the fabric of the dress, which felt unusually soft yet emitted a unique radiance.
Unable to contain her curiosity, she asked, “This dress must be quite expensive, right? What kind of process was used to create it? How is it so remarkable?”
Matthew was amused by her professional questions.
“This dress is woven with a mixture of diamond powder giving it that unique shimmer.
It’s what they call diamond Light.
Stella nodded, and a daring suspicion crossed her mind.
She regarded Matthew with a questioning gaze.
“You seem to know a lot about it.
Did you design this dress?”
Matthew nodded slightly, a gentle smile gracing his lips.
“You’re the only woman who could fit in this dress so perfectly.
”
Stella took a deep breath, her shoulders rising with the motion, and her collarbone captivatingly moving in the process.
An unexpected desire ignited within Matthew.
In a husky voice, he admitted, “I’ve prepared a set of jewelry to complement this dress.
”
Stella was momentarily stunned, her heart deeply touched by this rare sense of being cherished.
She struggled to find the words to express her emotions, her clear eyes now glistening with a hint of moisture.
“What’s wrong?” Matthew frowned, fearing that the surprise he had arranged had somehow upset her.
Stella shook her head and blinked back tears.
“I just didn’t expect this gift to be so valuable.
”
“I just want to make you happy,” Matthew said, his voice gentle.
“In the future, I’ll design more clothing for you.
”
###chapter846
He reached out to wipe away the tears that had gathered in Stella’s eyes, cupping her face with both hands.
Then, he pressed a tender ki*s to her cheek, “Stella, you deserve the best.
”
After breakfast, Matthew headed off to work, leaving Stella alone in his study to tackle the test assigned by Mia, which involved designing with pearls.
With several pristine sheets of paper before her, Stella initially struggled to commence.
The task felt daunting, with an expansive scope and no defined models or settings to guide her.
The blank page seemed to mock her, making it challenging to begin.
Stella sketched a few design ideas, but her critical eye couldn’t find satisfaction in any of them.
Frustration built up, causing her to set the pen aside and massage her aching wrist.
After some contemplation, she powered up her computer, hoping to find inspiration online.
Pearls were rarely incorporated into her clothing designs, and integrating them seamlessly posed a considerable challenge.
‘s BunnyBookery
The memory of seeing Mia in that exquisite dress the previous night only added to the pressure she felt.
As she perused the designs of renowned fashion designers on the internet, Stella fixated on the idea of creating something that would instantly captivate Mia’s attention and make her design unique.
Her mouse scrolled endlessly until, at last, inspiration struck.
Stella hurriedly opened her digital drawing board, eager to put her newfound ideas into sketches.
However, to her surprise, when she powered up the drawing software, a design drawing materialized before her eyes.
It was a necklace bearing Tobin’s signature.
Matthew had designed it?
Stella couldn’t help but examine it more closely.
The necklace was unmistakably feminine, yet KlassicLuxe hadn’t featured Tobin’s designs in a long time, and this particular necklace had never been offered for sale.
The date on the design revealed that Matthew had completed it a while ago.
Could he have designed it casually?
But as quickly as this notion emerged, Stella dismissed it.
A casual sketch wouldn’t exhibit such attention to detail and color coordination.
So, who was the intended recipient of Matthew’s creation?
Aware that her thoughts were spiraling, Stella swiftly closed the design file, attempting to rein in her overactive imagination.
It was just a necklace, after all.
There was no need to be so sensitive.
She had to trust Matthew.
Furthermore, during her time as Matthew’s personal assistant, she hadn’t noticed any suspicious connections or affairs involving him.
###chapter847
Maybe some affluent KlassicLuxe clientele had commissioned him to design it, or perhaps it was the result of a sudden burst of inspiration.
Stella kept reassuring herself, but a nagging unease lingered, causing her recently found design ideas to evaporate.
Her frown deepened, and the once-promising white paper now lay blank.
In the evening, when Matthew returned home, he found Stella in the living room, her back to him, a pencil absentmindedly scribbling chaotic lines on a sheet of paper, a stark contrast to her previous creative prowess.
“What’s wrong? No inspiration?” Matthew inquired as he sat beside her.
Startled by his presence, Stella’s mind immediately raced back to the necklace design on her computer.
“Yes,” she replied, mustering a forced smile while hurriedly organizing the disarray of white papers.
Observing her efforts, Matthew empathized, “Designing with pearls can be quite challenging.
Change your clothes, and I’ll take you out to seek inspiration.
”
Stella contemplated for a moment before agreeing, “Okay.
”
She gathered her papers, ready to head upstairs.
Yet, after a couple of steps, she abruptly halted.
Several seconds passed in silence before she turned back, posing her question cautiously.
“Have you ever designed a necklace before?”
“Necklace?” Matthew’s brow furrowed as he shook his head.
“No.
Why do you ask? Are you interested in designing jewelry?”
Stella struggled to maintain her composure.
He had designed it.
Why was he lying to her?
Had that necklace truly been intended for another woman?
Troubling thoughts churned in her mind.
“What’s wrong?” Matthew pressed, noticing her seriousness.
Despite her disappointment, Stella concealed her true feelings, responding in a hushed tone, “No.
I just thought that pearls are often used in jewelry.
I wanted to see your design to draw some inspiration.
If you’ve never designed a necklace, then forget it.
”
Harnessing the brief moment while changing her attire, Stella swiftly adjusted her emotions.
Matthew had said that he hadn’t designed any necklace, implying it might not hold significant importance to him.
As a renowned designer with numerous creations under his belt, it was reasonable for such a detail to slip his mind.
Stella had chosen to be with him, and with that choice came the responsibility of trust.
###chapter848
Stepping out of the villa, she found Matthew patiently waiting by the car.
Stella approached him with a warm smile, and he opened the car door, extending a gentlemanly invitation for her to enter.
Just as Matthew was about to start the engine, Stella couldn’t help but inquire, “Where are we heading?”
Amidst her earlier turmoil, she had forgotten to ask him about their destination for seeking inspiration.
Now, as the night enveloped them, she struggled to think of a suitable place.
With an affable smile, Matthew replied, “Let’s go for dinner.
”
“Dinner?” Stella inquired skeptically.
“Aren’t we supposed to find inspiration?”
Matthew chuckled softly.
“You’ll find inspiration on a full stomach.
”
Stella was momentarily speechless.
She couldn’t help but think that he had used this as an excuse to take her out for dinner.
However, given the time, she decided to trust Matthew’s judgment and allowed him to proceed with his plans.
The car meandered out of the bustling downtown area and eventually pulled up in front of a tastefully decorated restaurant.
Exiting the car, Stella glanced up and noticed the restaurant’s sign adorned with pearls, piquing her curiosity.
With a warm smile, Matthew took her hand and said, “Let’s step inside and take a look.
”
After saying that, he walked in with Stella.
Almost all the decoration of the restaurant was decorated with pearls.
As soon as they entered, they seemed to be in a pearl world, which was pleasing to Stella.
She quickly grasped the reason behind Matthew’s choice of venue.
Dining here might indeed be the catalyst she needed to discover her design inspiration.
Following a waiter to a private room, Stella was awestruck by the room’s exquisite decoration.
The interplay of light and the glistening pearls left her enchanted.
Stella looked around and thought about how to draw the design drawing.
###chapter849
As the waiter completed their order and departed, Stella turned her attention to Matthew and confessed, “I believe I’ve found some inspiration.
”
Having voiced her newfound inspiration, Stella swiftly retrieved a piece of paper from her bag and jotted down the idea that flashed through her mind.
However, before she could savor this creative moment, a knock on the door disrupted their privacy.
The door swung open, revealing Katy, who entered with a beaming smile.
Her attention was immediately fixed on Matthew, and she exclaimed, “Matthew, it’s really you.
I just saw someone at the door who looked very similar to you.
I thought I was mistaken.
I haven’t seen you for a long time.
”
Matthew’s displeasure was evident as he furrowed his brow.
It was clear that he didn’t welcome her presence.
However, Katy seemed oblivious to his cold demeanor and continued with her sweet smile, “Are you busy recently? I have a show.
If you are free, you can come and have a look.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew remained silent, refusing to acknowledge her offer.
Yet, Katy remained undeterred, still wearing her saccharine smile.
She brushed her hair behind her ear and, as if noticing Stella for the first time, extended her hand, saying, “Nice to meet you.
My name is Katy Padilla.
Your name is Stella?”
Stella responded indifferently, unsure of Katy’s intentions and choosing to maintain her silence.
Katy, however, continued speaking, her tone laced with arrogance.
“This restaurant is owned by my father.
The Padilla family has a good relationship with the Clark family.
My father wanted to introduce Matthew to me before.
”
Katy’s words were laden with innuendo, and she cast a shy glance towards Matthew, making her intentions even more ambiguous.
Stella observed Katy in silence, her patience wearing thin.
Despite Katy’s seemingly innocent demeanor and warm smile, her words were in poor taste.
The public knew about Matthew’s relationship with Stella, and Katy should have exercised more discretion.
What Katy said was a clear provocation.
Matthew, sensing the awkwardness, was on the verge of driving Katy out.
However, Stella decided to take matters into her own hands.
She rose gracefully from her seat, wearing a brilliant smile as she introduced herself.
“Hello, I’m Stella, Matthew’s wife.
Nice to meet you.
”
Upon hearing Stella’s words, Katy found herself in a state of bewilderment.
Ever since Matthew had made his relationship with Stella public, Katy had thoroughly delved into Stella’s background.
She had learned that Stella had been adopted by an ordinary family and remained clueless about her biological parents.
Rumor had it that this was precisely why Matthew had kept their relationship under wraps for so long.
###chapter850
Katy firmly believed that Matthew had been coerced into admitting Stella as his wife.
After all, in her eyes, Stella was nothing but a bold and audacious woman who would stop at nothing to be with Matthew.
Katy hadn’t taken Stella seriously at all.
But now, as she observed Stella’s composed behavior, reality defied her expectations.
Katy pondered this for an extended period.
Finally, Stella broke the silence by asking, “Is there anything else?”
Matthew felt a sense of relief as he witnessed Stella’s calm response.
His wife was not one to let herself be disadvantaged.
It was no wonder he was enamored with her.
A smile played across Matthew’s face.
He directed a cold gaze towards Katy and said, “If you have no further business here, you may leave.
”
Katy was taken aback by Matthew’s dismissal.
She appeared visibly flustered as she moved her lips, ultimately departing without uttering a word.
The door closed with a resounding thud.
Stella remained indifferent, shifting her gaze and taking a seat.
She locked eyes with Matthew and raised an eyebrow, teasing, “Why so ungentlemanly to a lady? Was she your backup date before? Were you afraid I’d uncover your secret?”
Matthew shook his head, gazing at her with affection.
“I have no interest in anyone but you.
”
Stella blushed.
Back when Matthew had been her boss, she never expected him to be so eloquent with his words.
Especially lately, he seemed to have mastered the art of sweet talk.
Fortunately, the waiter knocked on the door, entering with their dishes and providing a welcome distraction from the awkward silence.
Stella bowed her head, focusing on her meal in silence.
Matthew deftly picked up his knife and fork and began to explain, “The primary motif of this establishment is pearls.
There’s a small pearl exhibition upstairs that we can visit after dinner.
Perhaps you’ll find some inspiration there.
”
Stella nodded, pleasantly surprised by the idea.
Following their meal, Matthew guided Stella to the top floor using the elevator.
###chapter851
The exhibition hall was sparsely populated, yet it was evident that the attendees were either affluent or influential, with Neville among them.
Stella couldn’t hide her surprise upon seeing Neville there, but her expression soured when she spotted Katy engaged in a cheerful conversation with him.
She held a negative opinion of Katy, especially after the ambiguous remarks she had made in the private room earlier.
Why was Katy with Neville?
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew didn’t extend a greeting to Neville.
Instead, he led Stella to a nearby seat and settled down.
Stella deliberately inquired with a touch of anger, “Why don’t you greet your good friend?”
Matthew lowered his gaze, fixating it on her, and whispered in her ear, “I won’t disturb him while he’s busy trying to pick up girls.
”
Stella, too, had an unfavorable opinion of Neville now.
As a notorious playboy, he was certainly not deserving of someone like Miley.
Not far away, Katy engaged in conversation with Neville, yet her eyes remained fixed on Matthew ever since his arrival.
Matthew’s public flirtation with Stella clearly wounded her and stoked her anger.
Neville smiled and commented, “You can see how strong their relationship is.
Perhaps it’s time for you to let go, don’t you think?”
Despite her frustration, Katy remained stubborn.
“Matthew is just toying with her.
Haven’t all the women who’ve had affairs with him come to regret it?”
Neville furrowed his brow.
Was Katy plotting something nefarious?
He offered a stern reminder.
“Matthew respects his wife, and that’s why he keeps those women at a distance.
”
Katy seethed with rage.
She couldn’t fathom why Matthew, with her superior family background and status, was drawn to Stella while treating her with a cold shoulder.
Neville, sensing her frustration, attempted to shed light on the matter.
“Matthew admires simplicity, but you…” He paused, his gaze scrutinizing Katy from head to toe.
“You are bound to bring him a plethora of unnecessary problems for him.
”
Katy shot Neville an intense glare, interpreting his words as a jab at her lack of simplicity.
Yet, her influential family background could offer substantial support to Matthew, far more than Stella ever could.
Matthew might be momentarily entranced by Stella, but in time, he would realize the immense benefit a devoted wife could bring to his career.
###chapter852
“Let’s see how long their union lasts!”
Neville shook his head, recognizing Katy’s determination.
He chose to remain silent, deeming further words unnecessary.
With their conversation concluded, the pearl exhibition commenced.
A ceremonial hostess approached Matthew, gracefully extending an invitation.
“Mr.
Clark, please come with me.
I’m going to show you the pearls.
”
Matthew nodded and rose from his seat, allowing Stella to take his arm as they followed the hostess.
Though a relatively small exhibition, it boasted an array of pearls, a testament to the immense effort behind its organization.
The venue was enveloped in hushed silence as the hostess introduced the pearls.
Matthew cut to the chase.
“Lead us to the black pearls.
”
“Of course, right this way.
” The hostess guided them, a smile gracing her lips.
As the spotlights illuminated the display, a multitude of stunning pearls unfolded before Stella’s eyes.
Pure black pearls, blue-black pearls, purple-black pearls, and lead-gray pearls, each exuding a distinct allure.
Stella found it impossible to divert her gaze from these captivating pearls.
She finally understood the fierce competition surrounding these pearls, for their charm was truly irresistible.
She liked these pearls.
She was drawn to them in a way she couldn’t describe, as if something within her had stirred, an instant surge of inspiration.
Clasping Matthew’s hand, she whispered, “Let’s go.
”
She yearned to preserve this newfound inspiration as quickly as possible.
“Wait a moment,” Matthew interjected.
“You can choose a piece of jewelry to take with you.
”
Stella initially declined, shaking her head.
Matthew persuaded her, “Even when you lack inspiration, simply holding it in your hand can be more inspiring than staring at computer images.
”
Convinced by his argument, Stella relented and carefully made her selection.
###chapter853
Ultimately, she chose a necklace adorned with radiant purple pearls.
When the hostess began to pack up the necklace, Matthew intervened, saying, “Just give it to me.
”
The hostess handed over the necklace to him.
Matthew delicately placed it around Stella’s neck, as if he feared hurting her.
As the cool pearls made contact with Stella’s skin, she recalled the necklace she had seen on Matthew’s computer during the day, also adorned with pearls.
She felt a little depressed.
Matthew adjusted the necklace and smoothed her hair, remarking, “It suits you very well.
”
Stella snapped out of her reverie and gazed into his affectionate eyes.
She forced a smile, reminding herself not to overthink.
The most crucial task at hand was completing Mia’s test, and she couldn’t allow anything to affect her mood.
Later, when she returned to the villa, it was already quite late.
Stella headed to the study to work on her sketches while Matthew attended to some documents.
After a while, Stella’s continuous yawns betrayed her fatigue.
Matthew glanced at the time and suggested, “It’s getting late.
If you can’t finish your drawings, you can resume them tomorrow.
You should go to bed now.
”
Stella patted her face to stay awake.
“No, I’ll finish it soon.
”
She stretched, then lowered her head and continued to draw.
Reluctantly, Matthew agreed, putting the documents aside and going downstairs to make coffee.
Upon returning with the coffee, he found Stella had fallen asleep at the table, her sketch almost complete.
With an affectionate smile, Matthew set the coffee aside and added the finishing touches to the sketch before gently lifting Stella from her chair.
Stella stirred slightly and mumbled something.
“It’s done,” Matthew coaxed her.
“I’ll take you to bed.
It’s not comfortable to sleep here.
”
Stella groaned and snuggled further into his arms, clearly wanting to continue her slumber.
###chapter854
Matthew chuckled softly and made his way to the bedroom, where he carefully placed Stella on the bed, tucking her in with the quilt.
“Hum.
.
.
”
However, Stella frowned and appeared restless and let out a soft, discontented sound.
Matthew couldn’t shake the concern that he might inadvertently hurt Stella, so he leaned in for a closer look.
She let out a faint groan before drifting back into slumber.
Gently, he caressed her wrist, noticing the subtle tremors in her hand.
Matthew frowned.
He couldn’t help but recall the evening Stella was discharged from the hospital.
When they shared a meal, her hand appeared somewhat feeble.
His frown deepened.
After the car accident, Stella had sustained numerous injuries, including her wrist.
However, the doctor’s examination hadn’t detected any issues with it.
Matthew’s expression grew even more serious.
For a designer, hands were their lifeline.
If something were truly amiss with Stella’s hands…
Interrupting that train of thought, he administered a gentle wrist massage to her while ensuring she remained asleep.
After confirming that Stella was undisturbed, he extinguished the light and quietly exited the room.
Back in his study, Matthew opened a drawer and retrieved Stella’s file.
Farris’ signature and contact information adorned the cover.
Concerned for Stella’s well-being, Matthew reached out to Farris and scheduled an appointment for the following day.
‘s BunnyBookery
The next day, Matthew arrived punctually at Farris’ office.
Upon their meeting, neither of them extended a warm welcome.
Cutting straight to the chase, Farris inquired, “Is something wrong with Stella?”
When Stella had been released from the hospital, they had exchanged contact information.
However, aside from his role as Stella’s physician, Farris hadn’t found a compelling reason to involve himself in her affairs.
Consequently, he hadn’t reached out to her.
Yet, Matthew’s demeanor radiated hostility and suspicion towards him.
There was no possibility of civil pleasantries between them.
Matthew’s visit could only be motivated by concern for Stella.
Matthew’s brow furrowed deeply.
Farris’ intimate way of addressing Stella irritated him.
He placed Stella’s medical records before Farris with a tinge of accusation and asked, “Are you absolutely certain that there were no issues with Stella’s health before her discharge from the hospital?”
###chapter855
He picked up Stella’s X-ray and scrutinized it with heightened intensity.
In a stiff and concerned tone, Matthew began, “Lately, Stella’s been experiencing discomfort in her wrist.
It sometimes doesn’t function properly, and she feels pain when she touches it.
”
With an increasingly serious expression, Farris meticulously reviewed the X-ray once more.
“The X-ray and her previous examinations show no issues.
”
Hearing this, Matthew pressed further with seriousness in his voice, “The car accident she was in last time was quite severe, and her wrist was injured.
Could there be any Lingering effects?”
“In general, if the X-ray looks fine, there shouldn’t be any lasting effects,” Farris replied.
‘s BunnyBookery
“However, if you’re concerned about Stella or if her condition doesn’t improve, you can have her come for a comprehensive reevaluation.
”
Matthew didn’t offer any further words.
He picked up the medical records, turned on his heel, and headed for the exit.
Just as he was about to open the door, Farris stopped him.
“Mr.
Clark!” Farris called out, his tone serious.
Without looking back, Matthew replied coldly, “Anything else?”
“Please take good care of Stella.
I don’t want anything unfortunate to happen to her again,” Farris said seriously.
Farris had been a doctor for many years and could face death calmly.
Yet, the memory of Stella’s bloody appearance in front of him during the previous accident had left a profound impact.
He didn’t know why Stella had been in the car accident, but his instincts told him it was no mere accident.
The Clark family was influential and wealthy, drawing many watchful eyes.
If someone intended to target Matthew, the quickest route would be to exploit his vulnerability.
That was Stella.
“It’s none of your concern,” Matthew responded coldly, enunciating each word.
Just as he was about to open the door, Farris’ voice compelled him to pause.
“Stella and I used to be together,” Farris declared firmly.
Matthew came to a sudden halt, his expression darkening with concern.
Farris, on the other hand, felt compelled to clarify, “Matthew, Stella and I were together in the past.
So please understand, she means more to me than just a patient.
My feelings for her run as deep as yours.
”
The phrase “being together” held a subtle weight, and its interpretation depended on the observer.
Farris had known Stella even before Matthew had crossed paths with her.
Had circumstances been different, they might have been together long before now.
###chapter856
With calm determination, Matthew turned to Farris and declared, “You’re Stella’s attending physician.
If you can’t identify the problem with her hand, it’s your responsibility.
I’ll find a more competent doctor for her.
”
Each word was laced with a chilling intensity.
Then, as if to drive his point home, he added, “Stella is my wife.
I couldn’t care less about her past.
”
Having made his statement, Matthew pushed the door open, ready to leave.
Just outside the room, Mina stood frozen, her face etched with anxiety.
Consumed by guilt, she cast her gaze downward and sidestepped, avoiding any interaction with Matthew.
Matthew shot her a cold glance but said nothing as he retrieved the medical records and made his exit.
As his footsteps grew fainter, Mina dared to lift her head.
She let out a sigh of relief, regaining her composure before entering Farris’ office.
Standing before his desk, Farris frowned upon seeing Mina.
Before he could inquire further, Mina fired her question, her voice tinged with urgency.
“Is what you just revealed true? Were you involved with Stella?”
Farris’ brow furrowed even deeper.
Displeased with Mina’s persistence, he responded coldly, “That’s a private matter, and it’s none of your concern.
If it’s not work-related, I’d appreciate it if you could leave.
”
“Farris!” Mina couldn’t contain her frustration.
She struggled to accept how Farris was treating her as a mere colleague, despite their impending marriage.
“Don’t you understand that I love you?” Mina’s eyes welled with tears.
“I’ve loved you my entire life.
How can you treat me this way?”
She reached out to hold Farris’ hand, but he pulled away firmly, rejecting her advances.
“Mina, this is our working hours,” Farris stated coldly.
“I’ve never harbored any affection for you, and I hope you won’t utter such words again.
Otherwise, we can’t be friends anymore.
”
Mina’s eyes welled up with sadness.
After a prolonged silence, she said in a choked voice, “I’ve known you for so long.
How can you treat me like this for Stella, who already has a husband.
”
Her love for Farris had ignited at first sight.
She tried to keep up with Farris and dedicated herself to becoming a top student.
It was so she could work alongside him in the same hospital.
She had tirelessly created opportunities to meet him.
Yet, despite her years of effort, she couldn’t compete with Stella, who had only recently entered his life.
Brushing away her tears, Mina laughed bitterly as she looked at Farris, her expression filled with sorrow.
###chapter857
“Do you genuinely believe there’s no issue with Stella’s hand?”
Taken aback by her cryptic question and still reeling from Matthew’s earlier confrontation, Farris adopted an unfriendly tone.
“What are you insinuating?” he demanded, fixing his gaze on Mina.
Mina sneered and shot him a meaningful glance.
Without another word, she swiftly turned and hurried out of the office.
She stood at the doorway, clenched her fists, and declared with determination, “Stella, you have a husband, yet you try to steal Farris from me.
I wish you a miserable fate!”
Once back in the car, Matthew set aside the bag containing the medical records and fixed his gaze upon it.
His thoughts, however, were abruptly interrupted by the ringing of his phone.
Matthew withdrew his attention from the bag and retrieved his phone from his pocket.
The caller’s name displayed on the screen was Stella.
With a deep breath, he pressed his lips together, adjusting his mood before answering the call.
Stella’s gentle voice emanated from the other end of the line.
“Where are you?”
Matthew’s eyes briefly scanned the hospital and he concocted an excuse.
“I’m at the office, buried in work.
It looks like I’ll be working late tonight.
Please don’t wait up for me.
Get some rest.
”
“Okay,” Stella replied, her disappointment evident.
After a moment’s pause, she inquired with excitement, “Did you add the finishing touches to the sketch I left for you last night?”
Matthew didn’t deny it.
Before ending the call, he offered a gentle reminder to Stella.
“Remember, you’re still recovering.
Make sure to get proper rest.
Mia’s design project isn’t due until the end of the month.
There’s no need to rush.
”
“I understand.
Focus on your work.
I’ll wait for you to come back,”
Stella replied with a hint of happiness before ending the call.
After some contemplation, Matthew dialed Cordell’s number.
Once the call connected, Cordell’s teasing voice came through from the other end.
“Mr.
Clark, have you finally managed to pry yourself away from a lady’s embrace this early in the morning?”
###chapter858
Matthew, not in the mood for banter, spoke in a serious tone.
“I need your help with something.
“
He briefly explained Stella’s situation.
“Let’s meet at Blue Moon Bar later for a face-to-face discussion.
”
After hanging up the phone with Matthew, Stella pushed his words to the back of her mind.
She focused on her design, dedicating herself to a full day of work.
The previous night, she had only managed to sketch a rudimentary outline of a costume with pearl, with hastily drawn details due to the limited time available.
Stella needed to seize the moment of inspiration to perfect the intricate details of her design.
Despite the deadline being at the end of the month, she had never designed clothing with pearls before, so she had to allocate some time to handle any potential mishaps.
After a prolonged period of drawing, Stella suddenly felt a sharp pain in her wrist.
She loosened her grip, and the pencil rolled off the table.
She clutched her wrist and stared at the fallen pencil, feeling the pain intensify.
Nervously, she gently rubbed her wrist, attempting to alleviate the discomfort.
‘s BunnyBookery
However, the pain persisted, even after her efforts.
Stella reassured herself that it was likely due to overexertion from her extended drawing session.
Reluctant to continue drawing, she stood up and descended the stairs, intending to apply a plaster for relief.
She tried to dismiss the lingering ache in her wrist but found herself growing increasingly uneasy.
After applying the ointment, she received a call from Miley.
“Stella, are you busy? Are you in the studio right now?”
“I’m not busy.
I’m in Prosper Bay.
What’s going on?” Stella responded.
“Are you with Matthew?”
“No.
He went to the company today.
He’ll be working late.
”
“Then, I’ll drop by.
I need to see you.
I have something important to discuss.
” Miley’s voice sounded hurried.
Stella hesitated for a moment and then agreed.
“Alright.
”
Three minutes later, the doorbell rang.
###chapter859
Stella was surprised by Miley’s swift arrival.
“Weren’t you supposed to go to the company today? Aren’t you working?”
As she observed the serious expression on Miley’s face, Stella’s own smile faded, and she became solemn.
“What’s wrong?’
Miley maintained a stoic expression and asked, “Did you happen to attend a small pearl exhibition yesterday and encounter Neville?”
Stella’s expression changed slightly.
Recently, Miley’s parents had been pushing for a match between Miley and Neville.
However, last night had brought an unexpected twist.
Not only had Neville not taken Miley with him, but he had also engaged in an extensive conversation with Katy.
Neville, a notorious playboy in Seamarsh, had left a less than favorable impression on Stella.
She feared that he might inflict harm upon Miley.
However, it seemed that Miley already had some foreknowledge of the situation.
Had Neville and Katy crossed some boundaries last night?
Stella’s mind raced with worrisome thoughts as she struggled to find the right words to protect Miley from potential harm.
“Why aren’t you saying anything?” Miley frowned.
When Stella finally snapped back to reality, she grasped Miley’s arm and ushered her into the house.
“I attended the pearl exhibition and encountered Neville there.
But Matthew didn’t acknowledge him, and nothing untoward occurred.
”
Miley cut her off, raising her voice.
“But he did something.
”
“What did he do?” Stella inquired in a hushed tone, a hint of fluster in her voice.
Miley glanced at her and retrieved a pearl necklace from her bag.
“He surprised me with this.
”
Upon seeing the necklace, Stella breathed a sigh of relief and chided, “Why didn’t you clarify sooner? I thought he had overstepped boundaries.
”
Miley lowered her head slightly, her face adorned with a shy and joyful smile.
“Judging by your expression, something must be going on between you two.
” Stella scrutinized her, raising an eyebrow.
“Are you going out with Neville?”
Miley glanced at her but shook her head, choosing silence.
###chapter860
Stella frowned, pressing, “What do you mean? You’re not together?
Then why did he gift you this pearl necklace?”
She stared intently at Miley, awaiting her explanation.
Miley remained silent for a few moments before sayings, “He told me he liked me.
However, I haven’t agreed to be his girlfriend yet.
I still have reservations about him.
I want to test him further.
”
Stella nodded approvingly.
“Yes, you should test him.
”
The memory of Neville’s animated conversation with Katy the previous night made Stella take the matter seriously.
“By the way, I came here today to invite you for a shopping spree.
”
Miley deftly changed the subject, putting the necklace away.
“Since you discovered Matthew’s true identity, you’ve been spending nearly all your time with him, We haven’t enjoyed a carefree outing in ages.
”
Stella, too, yearned for some relaxation and agreed.
“Let’s go.
”
The two friends ventured outside, their car passing by a bar.
Miley pulled over and suggested, “Shall we step in for a drink? We’re here to unwind, after all.
”
Stella, eager for a break, unfastened her seatbelt and followed Miley into the bar.
Stella hadn’t set foot in a bar for quite some time, so the thundering music took her by surprise.
She instinctively covered her ears and trailed closely behind Miley as they made their way through the bustling establishment.
As Stella gradually adjusted to the music, she lowered her hands and caught a glimpse of a familiar figure.
She halted and turned her head, confirming her suspicion.
It was Matthew.
A slight frown creased her brow.
But before she could process the situation, her attention was drawn to a woman seated next to Matthew.
This woman exuded a mature aura, dressed in a fitted shirt and a tight skirt.
Her voluminous wavy hair and every gesture she made oozed with allure.
She leaned in, whispering something to Matthew.
Stella couldn’t help but notice the smile on the woman’s face.
Matthew nodded in response, as if he was in agreement with her words.
Noticing Stella’s pause, Miley also stopped and followed her gaze.
She too observed the scene and, concerned that Stella might be upset, quickly offered an explanation.
“She might be his business partner.
###chapter861
Don’t jump to conclusions.
He hasn’t been involved in any scandalous affairs for years.
He’s not one to act recklessly.
”
Stella couldn’t shake off her discomfort.
She looked at Miley and said, “Today, he told me he had a lot of work to deal with at the company and would be working late.
”
Miley managed an awkward smile and continued to defend Matthew, saying, “Perhaps they’re working together.
They don’t necessarily have to discuss business matters at the office.
I often take my employees to bars and clubs to discuss work-related matters.
”
Stella remained silent, growing increasingly irritated.
She took Miley’s hand and led her away.
“Let’s go somewhere else and not interrupt his ‘business’ conversation.
”
After Stella and Miley’s departure, Cordell returned from the restroom and settled beside Matthew.
He cast a discerning eye on Matthew and inquired, “How’s the conversation going?”
Matthew nodded, offering an ive assessment, “Dr.
Beckett is exceptionally professional.
I intend to take Stella for a check-up.
”
With this declaration, he raised his glass towards the woman beside him and expressed his gratitude.
“Dr.
Beckett, I’m genuinely grateful for your assistance.
”
Selene Beckett, with a gracious smile, raised her glass in return.
“Mr.
Clark, you’re most welcome.
It’s truly an honor to assist you.
”
Selene, an expert in neurology introduced by Cordell, managed her own private clinic.
Determined to ensure Stella’s well-being, Matthew resolved to schedule another check-up.
The best outcome would be discovering that Stella was in perfect health.
With a subtle smile, Selene added, “When your wife has some free time, feel free to bring her to my clinic.
We can discuss the specifics then.
”
Upon exiting the bar, Stella released Miley’s hand.
The two of them made their way back to the car.
Miley lowered her voice and inquired, “Where would you like to go, Stella? I’m at your service.
Perhaps a meal?”
Stella, despite her inner turmoil, summoned the strength to appear more cheerful and responded, “You decide, Miley.
”
“In that case, let’s start with a meal and then indulge in some retail therapy,” Miley suggested, attempting to lighten the atmosphere.
Stella nodded.
“You know, social engagements are commonplace, especially for someone like Matthew who oversees such a large corporation.
You used to be his personal PR officer, so you must be aware of his responsibilities.
Try not to overthink it.
”
###chapter862
Throughout the journey, Miley continued to offer words of comfort to Stella.
Stella understood Miley’s intentions, but she couldn’t simply brush aside her concerns.
Ever since she fell in love with Matthew, the fear of losing him had become an indomitable presence in her heart.
She loathed how easily her mood could be swayed by external factors.
Following their meal, Stella said apologetically, “Miley, I’m feeling a bit tired.
I’d like to head back and rest.
We can go shopping another day.
”
Observing Stella’s less-than-optimal condition, Miley, concerned for her friend’s well-being, readily agreed.
“I’ll drive you back.
”
Stella didn’t refuse.
Upon dropping Stella off at Prosper Bay, Miley shared some parting words.
“If you can’t decipher the relationship between Matthew and that woman, don’t hesitate to ask him about it when he returns.
You’re his wife, and you have every right to inquire about anything.
Don’t burden yourself with unnecessary thoughts.
”
Stella mustered a forced smile and nodded in acknowledgment.
Inside the villa, Stella found herself in a dimly lit environment, with Matthew yet to return.
As she waited, her mind couldn’t help but race with conjectures.
She didn’t mind Matthew socializing with other women.
What concerned her was why he hadn’t told her about it.
She had invested considerable effort in accepting Matthew’s past secrecy and yearned for a future where honesty prevailed between them.
However, recent events had shown that Matthew continued to withhold information.
Was it because he believed she had no right to interfere in his affairs? Or did he think that her knowledge wouldn’t be of any assistance?
Stella remained in her room, lost in contemplation.
Before long, the door of the villa swung open once more.
Matthew ascended the stairs, noticing the subdued glow emanating from Stella’s room.
He looked at his watch, furrowing his brow.
Upon entering Stella’s room, he found her perched on the edge of the bed.
Concern evident in his gaze, he approached her and queried, “It’s quite late.
Why haven’t you gone to bed yet?”
###chapter863
He attempted to reach out and embrace her, but Stella evaded his touch.
Stella regarded him with an impassive expression and replied in a rigid tone, “I was waiting for you.
”
Matthew raised his hand to stroke her hair and offered an explanation.
“I did mention I’d have a busy night and return late.
”
Stella posed a direct question, her voice laced with tension.
“Did you genuinely work late at the company tonight?”
Detecting a faint scent of alcohol emanating from his body, Matthew couldn’t help but sense Stella’s suspicion.
However, he hesitated to confront her about it.
Stella’s hand, which had sustained an injury, had yet to be examined, and he didn’t want to burden her with additional emotional strain just as she was gearing up for a crucial test.
“Yes,” Matthew admitted reluctantly.
“I went for a drink with a friend after work.
”
Stella looked at him, a sense of hurt evident in her eyes.
“You could have simply told me that you were going out for drinks.
I would have understood.
But why hide it from me? Did you think I wouldn’t allow you to go?”
Matthew pursed his lips, his head hung low, uncertain how to explain himself.
Stella’s bitterness grew.
She knew Matthew inside out.
He had always been forthright and honest, whether dealing with people he liked or those he didn’t.
His silence spoke volumes, confirming her suspicions.
This left Stella feeling even more despondent.
They had only recently reconciled, and now he was already keeping secrets from her.
What had happened to all the promises they had made earlier?
After a prolonged silence, Matthew resolved to clarify things with his wife.
He began, “Stella, please listen to me.
It’s not what you’re thinking.
I was just…”
“Enough!” Stella cut him off abruptly.
“Just leave.
I’m tired and need to rest.
”
“Stella…”
Matthew attempted to explain, but Stella had no interest in conversing with him and didn’t want to hear his voice any longer.
She glared at Matthew, her tone icy.
###chapter864
“If you don’t go, I will.
”
With those words, she rose from the bed, intending to exit the room.
Matthew reached out and grasped her arm, yielding.
“Fine, I’ll leave.
Just don’t move.
”
Stella shrugged off his touch, pulled the quilt over herself, and turned her back to him, her anger and hurt showing.
Matthew gazed at her for a moment before turning and exiting the room.
A few moments later, Stella heard the front door close.
Taking a deep breath, she clutched the quilt tightly.
Her anger and hurt welled up inside her, and tears finally streamed down her cheeks.
Upon Matthew’s return to the car, he yanked off his tie, tossing it aside with an irritated slap on the steering wheel.
The uncertainty surrounding the condition of Stella’s injured hand weighed heavily on his mind.
He was determined to handle the situation properly, ensuring Stella’s peace of mind and focus on her work, without the burden of worry.
He couldn’t fathom how things had escalated to this point.
Quarreling with Stella was the last thing he wanted, but he found himself helpless when facing her.
He simply couldn’t bear to see her suffer unjustly.
With resolve, Matthew pressed down on the gas pedal and drove away from the villa.
He needed some distance to gather his thoughts and devise a plan to address the situation.
The car sped down the road, the gentle sea breeze providing a soothing backdrop to the picturesque scenery.
After a few laps around, the pent-up frustration in Matthew’s heart began to dissipate.
He regained his composure and started contemplating the issue at hand.
He had mishandled this situation.
From Stella’s perspective, they had put significant effort into reconciling.
As her husband, he had gone out for drinks without informing her, even using the excuse of overtime work.
Naturally, she would have her suspicions.
Especially given that Stella had been upset about his earlier secrecy regarding his true identity, this new hidden secret would surely upset her further.
Matthew resolved to rectify his mistake.
As a couple, they owed each other honesty.
Even if it was a small white lie, he shouldn’t have kept it from her.
She had every right to know.
Having made up his mind, Matthew accelerated towards Prosper Bay.
###chapter865
It was late at night, and the road was deserted.
His foot pressed firmly on the gas pedal.
Suddenly, a dark figure leaped into his field of vision.
Matthew’s pupils contracted, and he instinctively slammed the brakes.
The car, traveling at high speed, careened into the protective railing, the wild cat’s scream drowned out by the deafening crash.
In the stillness of midnight, Stella remained wide awake, her gaze fixed on her watch.
Nearly an hour had passed since Matthew had ventured out, yet he hadn’t returned.
She cast her eyes downward, contemplative.
If Matthew didn’t return within the next two hours, she would depart from Prosper Bay.
With her resolve firm, Stella rose from her bed and powered up her computer, resuming her design work for Mia’s upcoming test.
The fledgling studio demanded her unwavering dedication, and there was a multitude of tasks ahead.
After offering herself some solace, she immersed herself in her work.
The design sketches were nearing completion, but the choice of materials for the dress remained undecided.
After thinking long and hard, Stella finally settled on silk and shell-shaped buckles, a combination that harmonized elegantly with pearls.
She began to sketch using her Wacom tablet, conjuring the image of the young girl from the oil painting in her mind, its radiance softly glowing.
Stella only ceased her work when the pain in her wrist became unbearable.
She massaged her wrist and glanced at her phone.
Two hours had elapsed, but Matthew was still conspicuously absent, having not even sent a message.
Disappointment washed over Stella and she lowered her gaze.
She turned her computer off, saved her design files to a USB drive, changed into her pajamas, and retrieved her suitcase.
Ever since she moved to Prosper Bay from the hospital, she only brought a few of her own clothes.
Matthew had supplied the rest.
Tonight, she would only take her own belongings.
Given their inability to have a peaceful discussion, they might consider a temporary separation as an opportunity to reassess their relationship.
She thought as she packed her luggage.
Just as she was about to summon a taxi with her phone, it rang with an unfamiliar caller ID.
At this late hour, who else could be calling her?
Stella frowned as she answered the call.
An urgent voice came on the other end.
“Is this Stella Anderson?
###chapter866
This is Seamarsh Hospital.
Something has happened to Matthew Clark.
Please come to the hospital immediately.
”
Stella’s mind went blank in an instant.
“What did you just say? What happened to Matthew?”
‘s BunnyBookery
“You need to come to the hospital quickly.
He’s in Ward 701.
”
The caller abruptly hung up.
The abruptness of the call left Stella feeling as though her legs might give way.
She leaned against the wall, taking a moment to collect herself before her consciousness fully returned.
She hastily clutched her phone, descended the stairs, and rushed straight to the door.
In the villa area, an eerie silence hung heavy.
In the absence of any sounds but the faint glow of streetlights, the only audible noise was her own labored breathing.
After what felt like an eternity, a taxi arrived.
While waiting for the driver, Stella continued to call Matthew, but each attempt yielded no response.
Anxiety gnawed at her, and as soon as the car pulled up, she wasted no time, urgently pleading, “Please drive faster.
”
The hand that held her phone was ice-cold, and the brief drive felt like an agonizingly long journey.
Upon reaching the hospital, Stella bolted from the car and sprinted toward Ward 701 with all her might.
She flung open the door, only to find the room empty.
The disheveled bed hi
nted at recent occupancy, but Matthew was nowhere to be seen.
“Matthew?” Stella’s face drained of color, her voice quivering with fear.
She scanned the ward frantically but found no trace of him.
She double-checked the ward number—701.
Had the person on the phone given her the wrong information?
Stella hastily left the room and dashed to the next ward, but the outcome was the same.
There was no sign of Matthew.
Her heart plummeted to the depths of despair.
“Are you looking for someone?” a woman’s voice inquired from behind her.
Stella whirled around to see a nurse approaching.
She rushed to the nurse, her words stumbling.
“Matthew… Is Matthew here? Which ward is he in?”
###chapter867
The nurse paused in thought before replying, “He left.
”
“He Left?” Stella slumped on the floor, her expression vacant.
Her mind entered a foggy state, rendering her unable to think clearly.
Cold sweat covered her back, and an overwhelming panic gripped her heart, causing tears to stream down her face.
“Miss? Are you alright?” The nurse’s voice quivered as she held Stella.
Stella felt like she was in a daze, her ears ringing so loudly that she couldn’t hear properly.
It took considerable effort from the nurse to guide her to a chair.
Softly, the nurse called out, “Miss…”
Slowly, Stella began to regain consciousness.
She turned to the nurse, her lips trembling.
“What did you just say? Matthew… He’s gone?”
She choked on her words, tears welling up once again.
The nurse realized the misunderstanding and quickly clarified, “I didn’t mean that.
When I came back from my rounds, I found that he had left, not that he had passed away.
”
“He’s alive?” Stella’s voice trembled with hope.
The nurse nodded, about to say more when Stella’s phone rang.
Seeing Matthew’s name on the screen, she hurriedly answered it.
“Matthew…” Stella called out anxiously.
On the other end of the line, Matthew sounded equally anxious and panicked.
“Where are you?”
He nearly lost his mind when he got home and couldn’t find her.
“It’s my fault for what happened tonight.
I shouldn’t have kept anything from you.
I’m sorry,” he apologized repeatedly.
Tears welled up in Stella’s eyes.
She bit her lip, afraid that her emotions would get the best of her.
“Stella, I’m sorry.
I won’t lie to you anymore.
Where are you now?”
Matthew asked.
“I…” Stella sobbed.
“I’m at the hospital.
I thought something had happened to you…” Her voice choked with sorrow.
###chapter868
“You stay there and wait for me.
I’ll be right there.
”
After ending the call, Matthew rushed to the hospital as quickly as possible.
As soon as he parked the car, he saw Stella coming out.
Stella hurried up to him and examined him anxiously.
“I just received a call from the hospital, saying you were injured.
Where are you hurt?”
Before she could finish her sentence, Matthew pulled her into his arms, holding her tightly and smelling the faint fragrance from her body.
“I’m very happy to see you care about me so much.
”
Stella attempted to push him away, but as soon as she moved, she heard him groan in pain.
Worry etched across her face as she asked, “Where are you injured?
How did it happen? What did the doctor say?”
Matthew led her to the car and said, “Let’s go home first.
”
The two of them arrived home, and under the bright light, Stella finally noticed a red and swollen Lump on Matthew’s forehead.
She asked with concern, “Do you have any other injuries? Let me check you out.
How did this happen?”
“I’m fine, really.
I just bumped into a wild cat on my way home while I was driving.
The doctor has already applied some medicine,”
Matthew replied casually.
However, his nonchalant demeanor only raised more doubts in Stella’s mind.
“Since you’re okay, let me take a look,” Stella insisted.
She needed to see for herself that he had no other injuries.
Matthew reluctantly took off his shirt, revealing bruises on his chest and grazes on his arms.
Stella’s heart ached.
“You said you were fine.
Does it hurt?”
Matthew put his shirt back on and hugged her gently.
“It’s just minor wounds, nothing serious.
I upset you tonight.
I deserved this.
”
“Don’t say that!” Stella interrupted him, placing her hand over his mouth, her eyes filled with tears.
Matthew took her hand and nodded.
###chapter869
Alright, I’ll listen to you.
”
He held Stella even closer and promised, “From now on, I’ll be completely honest with you.
I won’t do anything to make you angry.
”
Stella’s anger had already melted away the moment she heard that he was hurt.
At that moment, all she cared about was Matthew’s safety.
She held him tightly and rested her head against his chest, listening to his strong heartbeat.
She felt relieved and touched.
“Okay.
”
Matthew gently loosened his embrace and said, “I’m going to wash up.
”
Stella reminded him, “Be careful not to let water touch your wounds.
”
Matthew agreed and headed upstairs.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella picked up the suit jacket he had tossed aside and was about to follow him when his phone in his pocket vibrated.
It was already early in the morning.
Why would someone message Matthew at this hour?
Worried that it might be an emergency at work, Stella retrieved his phone and saw a message on the screen.
“Are you asleep?”
The name displayed was Selene Beckett.
“Selene Beckett?” Stella whispered, her curiosity piqued.
Clearly, Selene was a woman.
Stella couldn’t recall anyone by that name among the senior executives of Prosperity Group.
Who was this mysterious woman? Why was she messaging Matthew so late at night?
Stella glanced upstairs, pondering her options.
Instead of getting lost in unfounded speculation, it would be wiser to confront Matthew.
With determination, Stella made her way upstairs and gently pushed open the door to Matthew’s room.
The sound of running water resounding from the bathroom.
As Stella entered, her phone buzzed once more, another message from Selene.
“If you’re still awake, let’s discuss when you can visit my clinic.
The word “clinic” caught Stella’s attention, and she frowned.
###chapter870
Was this woman a doctor? Was Matthew unwell? Had he concealed an injury from her earlier?
Lost in thought, Stella failed to notice when the sound of flowing water ceased.
Matthew emerged from the bathroom and he was momentarily taken aback.
Seeing Stella holding his phone in a daze, he approached her, asking, “What’s wrong?”
Hearing this, Stella came to her senses.
She met his gaze and, without hesitation, turned the screen to him.
“Who is Selene? Why is she inviting you to her clinic? Matthew, are you keeping something from me?”
Glancing at the screen, Matthew understood the situation.
Realizing that he couldn’t hide the truth any longer, he guided Stella to sit down and recounted everything.
“So, I’m planning to take you to her clinic for a checkup,” he concluded.
Stella couldn’t help but chuckle at his response.
Matthew was puzzled by her laughter and growing restlessness.
‘s BunnyBookery
With a smile, Stella inquired, “Matthew, do you see me as someone who can’t handle a setback?”
“No,” Matthew hurriedly denied, shaking his head.
“I just didn’t want this situation to affect your mood or disrupt your work on Mia’s design.
”
His consideration touched Stella’s heart and put her at ease.
She shared her own thoughts with him.
“Actually, I’ve been experiencing wrist pain.
I intended to see a doctor after completing the design for Mia.
”
Finally, she emphasized, “Matthew, I’m not as fragile as you may think.
”
Stella had been adopted by Clint as a child and had endured bullying despite Clint’s kindness.
She had been toughened by those hardships.
As long as her loved ones were safe, nothing could truly shake her.
Matthew felt a deep sense of sympathy for Stella, appreciating her strength all the more.
He held her tenderly in his arms, his fingers gently caressing her hair.
“It’s late.
Go to bed early.
I’ll take you to see a doctor tomorrow.
###chapter871
Stella nodded, a sense of comfort washing over her.
“Okay.
”
Nestling in his embrace, she realized that many issues could be resolved when she and Matthew communicated openly.
Perhaps this was what Clint had once told her.
Understanding each other was key to maintaining a long-term relationship.
With their misunderstanding cleared, Stella slept soundly and didn’t wake up until there was a soft knock on the door.
She sat up, her eyes heavy with sleep, and saw Erin entering the room with a warm smile.
“Mrs.
Clark.
” Erin greeted her.
“Mr.
Clark asked me to wake you up for breakfast at nine o’clock.
”
Struggling to open her eyes, Stella inquired, “Where’s Matthew?”
“He left early.
There seems to be an emergency meeting at the company,” Erin replied honestly.
Stella nodded and proceeded to freshen up.
After Stella finished breakfast, Matthew returned home, and they headed together to Selene’s clinic.
Upon arriving at the clinic, Stella noticed a woman waiting at the front desk.
As she approached, she immediately recognized Selene as the woman who had been conversing with Matthew at the bar the previous night.
Selene extended her hand with a warm smile.
“Nice to meet you.
My name is Selene Beckett.
Are you Mrs.
Clark?”
Stella was slightly surprised but nodded, shaking her hand in return.
“Nice to meet you.
I’m Stella.
”
“Mr.
Clark has informed me of the situation.
You can begin with a magnetic resonance imaging scan.
We’ll review the results after the examination,” Selene reassured her gently.
Stella followed the nurse to the examination room while Matthew and Selene waited outside.
After a brief silence, Matthew turned to Selene with a question on his mind.
“Dr.
Beckett, I have another question for you.
”
“Please, go ahead.
”
“If someone has lost part of their childhood memory, what could be the underlying cause?”
###chapter872
Selene cast her gaze downward, taking a moment to gather her thoughts before explaining, “Typically, people don’t experience sudden memory loss.
Usually, memory loss occurs following a traumatic event, a condition known as PTSD.
In essence, when an individual undergoes a distressing ordeal and is left psychologically shaken, they may subconsciously suppress those fears as a defense mechanism.
”
Matthew nodded, his expression growing more somber.
After the car accident, he had begun to suspect that Stella might be exhibiting these symptoms.
He vividly remembered how she had gasped in fear when he had to drive fast to avoid danger.
Could she have been in a car accident during her childhood? Did it occur before her time at the orphanage or prior to her adoption into the Anderson family?
What happened to her?
Seeing Matthew’s prolonged silence, Selene continued, “Individuals with PTSD often suffer from depression, memory and cognitive issues, and in severe cases, may even contemplate suicide.
”
She paused, approaching her question cautiously.
“May I inquire whether your wife has displayed any of these symptoms since the accident?”
Matthew snapped out of his reverie but remained silent.
Selene likely inferred the answer from his expression.
She offered, “If you suspect that your wife is exhibiting these symptoms, it would be advisable to seek treatment for her promptly.
”
Matthew nodded without uttering a word.
He knew how much Stella cared about the design for Mia, and he had promised her that they would go for a checkup once the design was complete.
He was determined to ensure nothing serious happened to Stella while he was by her side.
As the two conversed, the door to the examination room swung open.
Matthew ceased speaking and moved to Stella’s side.
Holding her gently, he inquired, “Are you okay?”
Stella smiled in relief and replied, “It was just an examination, nothing serious.
”
After their brief exchange, Selene approached them and instructed, “Mrs.
Clark, please follow me to the consultation room.
”
In the consultation room, Selene assessed Stella’s wrist, asking her to perform specific hand movements.
“Do you experience any pain when you do these exercises?”
Frowning, Stella replied honestly, “I do feel a slight soreness.
Is it something serious?” She felt a little uneasy.
Selene responded calmly, “I can only draw a conclusion once the inspection results are available.
”
A few minutes passed, and the examination report was finally in Selene’s hands.
She perused it carefully.
###chapter873
Stella fidgeted anxiously.
Matthew, sensing her nervousness, placed his hands on her shoulders, offering a reassuring pat to encourage her to stay calm.
With an impassive expression, Selene delivered the news in a dispassionate tone.
“Mrs.
Clark, your wrist nerve is damaged.
”
“How serious is it? Could I recover?” Stella couldn’t contain her impatience.
The thought of her hand being injured and potentially unable to wield a pen sent shivers down her spine.
Her career would be in jeopardy if that happened.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Don’t be anxious.
Thankfully, you came for a reexamination at the earliest time.
With the right medication and rest, you should recover soon,” Selene reassured her.
“In the short term, it’s best to minimize the use of your right hand.
”
Stella’s anxiety deepened.
She hadn’t completed her design yet, and the deadline was Looming.
Failure to submit the draft on time would mean forfeiting her collaboration with Blue Flame and leaving a negative impression on Mia.
Selene handed the prescription to Matthew, advising, “Please go and fill this prescription.
If you have any concerns, don’t hesitate to visit the clinic.
”
Matthew accepted the prescription and led Stella out.
She hung her head, overwhelmed by the thought of not being able to use her wrist, especially with the design deadline approaching.
Matthew sensed her despondency and held her close.
“You can brainstorm ideas, and I’ll assist with the drawing.
Right now, the priority is to heal your wrist.
Do you want to be unable to hold a pen for the rest of your life?”
Stella stared at him blankly for a moment before nodding in agreement reluctantly.
Matthew arranged for her to collect the prescribed medication and assured her, “Wait here to pick up the medicine.
I’ll go get the car.
”
Stella agreed without hesitation.
However, as they stepped out of the clinic, Matthew’s expression turned serious.
He made a call to Fernando.
“Investigate why the hospital where Farris works failed to detect the condition of Stella’s wrist.
” He spoke with a stern tone, his anger palpable.
Sensing the gravity of the situation, Fernando replied with trepidation, “Yes, I’ll initiate the investigation right away.
”
Before ending the call, Matthew issued a stern warning.
“If you discover that Farris is at fault, file a formal complaint against him.
”
As evening fell, Stella joined Matthew in the study.
She presented her completed design to him.
“This dress was inspired by the long white one you previously gifted me.
Ultimately, I’ve chosen the sheen of pearls as its central theme.
”
###chapter874
“Right now, this design is merely a two-dimensional plan.
Its true impact remains unseen.
I’m eager for you to see the final product when we visit the factory tomorrow to create the prototype.
”
Stella’s eyes sparkled with confidence as she gazed at her design.
Matthew admired her assured demeanor and inquired softly, “When did you decide on the factory? Why not use Prosperity Group’s clothing department?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella gently shook her head.
“I’m collaborating as my personal studio with Mia, so I thought it best to independently source a factory.
”
Sensing Matthew’s possible concerns, she reassured him, “Don’t worry.
Miley recommended this factory.
It’s trustworthy.
”
Matthew’s lips tightened, unconvinced by her approach.
Stella, sensing his hesitance, swiftly diverted the conversation.
“Do you have a color palette? I need it to show you the dress’s color scheme.
You’ll be the first to see it!” She winked at him teasingly.
Smiling resignedly, Matthew complied and handed her the palette.
Stella, bubbling with excitement, displayed the dress’s color scheme, seeking his input.
Matthew offered his full support.
Setting aside his tablet and the color palette, he turned Stella’s chair to face him.
“Even if you don’t want Prosperity Group involved, may I accompany you to the factory as your husband?”
Stella’s initial surprise gave way to happiness.
“Of course.
So, you like the design too? I’m truly excited for the sample dress.
”
Matthew sighed inwardly, noting her focus on the dress over his mention of her husband.
“It’s late.
Take your medicine and rest well.
” He stroked her hair.
“Stella, the villa in Prosper Bay is now our home.
The studio is just that, a studio, okay?”
Matthew had initially intended for Stella to stay at Prosper Bay only temporarily.
As time passed, however, the thought of her absence filled him with an unbearable loneliness.
Stella pondered deeply.
###chapter875
She didn’t waver for long, perhaps because the answer had always been clear in her mind.
With a firm nod, Stella declared, “Okay, I‘UL make Prosper Bay my home.
From now on, this is where we belong.
”
The following day, Stella and Matthew made their way to the factory.
Nestled in the suburbs, their drive took nearly an hour.
The factory owner courteously prepared a small table and two chairs for them.
“Please make yourselves comfortable here.
I’ll notify you if any issues arise during production.
”
“Thank you, please proceed with your work,” Stella responded graciously.
She scanned the factory with a spark of excitement in her eyes.
Despite the clamor of machinery, the space was remarkably clean.
Reminiscent of her childhood visits to factories with Clint, she felt a wave of nostalgia.
With the workers busily crafting her sample garment, Stella eagerly revisited her design sketches, making refinements.
Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Matthew, in his crisp suit, looked somewhat out of place on the small chair.
This incongruity brought a smile to her face.
Looking up at Matthew, she offered, “If you’re uncomfortable, you’re welcome to wait in the car.
”
Matthew shook his head.
“No, I’m quite enjoying myself here.
”
Comforted by his words, Stella relaxed into her work.
However, her focus was soon interrupted as several workers approached, bombarding her with questions about the garment’s production.
“Stella, are there any adjustments needed?
“And here… Please make a decision as soon as possible.
We need to move quickly with the tasks at hand.
”
Surrounded by the workers and slightly overwhelmed, Stella found herself struggling to respond.
Matthew, noticing her dilemma, stepped in with a stern expression, addressing each question efficiently.
“The model is fine as it is.
No need for water treatment.
Just follow the design specifications.
”
With their queries answered, the workers dispersed.
Matthew’s intervention brought a sense of relief to Stella, steadying her amidst the bustling environment.
###chapter876
Matthew patted Stella’s shoulder and whispered reassuringly, “Don’t fret.
These are essential steps in the clothing manufacturing process.
We just need to take a look at the steps every hour.
”
Stella’s anxiety began to ebb, and she regarded Matthew with newfound admiration.
“I’m so grateful you’re here with me today, or I would have been utterly lost.
”
She lowered her head, blushing with embarrassment.
Despite her background in design, Stella had never ventured into the world of factory production.
Even during her tenure in the design department at Prosperity Group, she merely crafted design drafts, leaving the actual clothing production to the sample department.
She had never personally witnessed the intricate journey of creating a garment.
She had naively believed the process to be straightforward, but today, she was confronted with a complex web of procedures.
Regret gnawed at her for not familiarizing herself with the intricacies of clothing production earlier.
Matthew enveloped her in his arms, his voice patient and sincere.
“You’ve just stepped into the world of professional design, and there’s so much to learn.
Facing challenges is entirely normal.
Please don’t be too hard on yourself; you’re doing remarkably well.
”
Stella clutched her fingers and gazed up at him.
Their eyes met, and her reflection shimmered in the depths of his gaze.
Matthew continued, his smile warm, “To become an exceptional designer, you must not only craft beautiful designs but also possess an understanding of every step in the process, paying attention to even the tiniest details.
Right now, you may lack experience, but I believe that won’t be the case for long.
I hope to be there, watching you evolve into a brilliant designer.
”
Stella blinked, her heart racing.
“Do you truly believe I can become a great designer?”
Matthew reached out and pinched her nose playfully.
“I’ve already given you the answer to that question long ago.
You can do it.
”
Stella’s face broke into a radiant smile, basking in a warm and comforting feeling.
Together, they remained at the factory until night descended, and the dress was finally completed.
Stella cradled the finished dress with tender care, as though it were her own child.
Her excitement was palpable as she rambled on incoherently.
This marked the very first time she had witnessed the production of a garment she had designed herself.
Standing by Stella’s side, Matthew observed her with a mix of admiration and fervor.
He stepped aside and approached the factory owner, requesting that they switch on a spotlight.
###chapter877
Suddenly, under the radiant illumination, the dress exuded a unique brilliance, akin to stars scattered across the night sky, dazzling all who beheld it.
The nearby workers couldn’t help but exclaim in awe.
“We’ve spent so long making sample clothes, but this is by far the most exquisite dress I’ve ever ironed.
I never imagined it would shine so brightly under the light.
”
“Whoever wears this dress will look like a fairy.
”
“This designer truly has a remarkable talent, crafting even the pearls so delicately.
”
Stella meticulously inspected the sample dress, only breaking into a smile once she was certain that every detail, from the tailored cut to the stitching, was perfect.
Matthew raised an eyebrow and asked, “Would you like to try it on?”
Stella hesitated momentarily before nodding with eagerness.
“Yes.
”
Guided by the factory owner, the two of them made their way to the fitting room, which was a modest space separated by a simple screen.
As Stella entered the fitting room, Matthew lingered on the other side of the screen, waiting patiently.
Suddenly, Matthew heard a soft sigh emanating from inside.
He frowned.
“What’s the matter? Is something wrong?”
“Honey, I can’t zip it up.
Could you please come in and help me?”
Stella blurted out, her voice filled with a touch of vulnerability.
Matthew was taken aback by the affectionate word “honey.
” A surge of happiness washed over him, and an involuntary smile graced his Lips.
“Matthew? Are you outside?” Receiving no immediate response, Stella whispered his name once more, her tone hushed.
In haste, Matthew answered with a quick “yes” and proceeded to bypass the screen, making his way inside.
Stella had her back turned to him, her flowing hair cascading down her shoulders.
Her graceful figure and smooth skin captivated his attention.
A deep breath escaped Matthew’s lips, his Adam’s apple bobbing as he swallowed his astonishment.
His gaze remained locked on Stella, rendering him momentarily immobile.
Unaware of Matthew’s peculiar expression, Stella mused aloud, “The zipper on this sample dress is stuck.
I’m contemplating whether I should replace it with a better one.
What do you think?”
Yet, her query elicited no response from her companion.
Baffled, Stella frowned.
What could Matthew possibly be doing?
With one hand shielding her chest, she pivoted to face him, her eyes meeting his unwavering gaze.
###chapter878
Matthew stared at her with an intensity that quickened her heartbeat.
After a few seconds of silence, Stella discerned what had captured his attention earlier.
Her cheeks flushed crimson.
“Matthew? What are you waiting for? Help me zip up this dress.
Hurry!”
Matthew snapped out of his reverie and cleared his throat awkwardly.
He approached Stella slowly, attempting to focus on the task at hand.
Gently, he placed a hand on her shoulder, turning her around to face away from him.
He carefully gathered her hair, which hung down her back, to one side.
As their bodies pressed together, Stella felt the warmth emanating from Matthew’s chest, causing her entire being to tingle with anticipation.
His warm breath brushed against her head, stirring a restless feeling within her.
Clamping down on her emotions, Stella bit her lip and inquired, “Is it done?”
“Don’t move.
It’s almost done,” Matthew said in a low and magnetic voice.
She couldn’t be certain if Matthew’s intermittent touches were deliberate or accidental.
While assisting her with the zipper, his fingers grazed her back every so often.
His cool fingertips traced a deliberate path up her spine, and with each gentle touch, it sent shivers coursing through her body.
Her heart began to race involuntarily, a surge of excitement coursing through her.
She clenched her hands, but her palms had already grown moist with perspiration.
After what felt like an eternity, Matthew’s voice broke the silence from behind.
“ALL done.
”
Stella let out a sigh of relief and lowered her hand.
Just as she was about to turn around, Matthew’s hands landed on her shoulders, gently guiding her to the dressing mirror.
Stella gazed at her reflection, stunned.
The dress featured a high-waisted design, hugging her curves from the waist to the hips and then cascading gracefully down her legs.
Adorned with delicate pearls, it exuded an air of nobility, elegance, and a hint of allure.
The longer Stella looked at herself, the more enamored she became with the attire.
As she marveled at the dress, Matthew suddenly took her hands and turned her to face him.
Stella tensed, her nerves returning.
Just as she was about to push him away, she realized he was merely examining the stitching.
Misinterpreting his actions, Stella felt a twinge of embarrassment and cast her eyes downward.
###chapter879
However, in the next moment, Matthew gently lifted her chin, his intense gaze locked onto her face.
Under his prolonged scrutiny, Stella grew increasingly uneasy.
“Is it satisfactory now? Is there anything else that needs adjusting?”
“Perfect.
” Matthew’s voice, brimming with enthusiasm and assurance, broke the tension.
“This dress is a resounding success.
”
Two days later, Stella meticulously reviewed her design and sample clothing one final time.
Satisfied that everything was in order, she picked up her phone and dialed Mia’s number.
“Hello, Mia,” Stella greeted with a touch of nervousness, wasting no time in explaining her purpose.
“When can we meet so I can present the draft to you?”
On the other end of the line, Mia’s enthusiasm remained undiminished.
“You can come over tonight.
Before departing from Seamarsh, I plan to select a suitable designer for collaboration.
”
Stella’s nerves continued to mount.
“Alright, I eagerly anticipate our meeting tonight.
”
After hanging up, she took a few deep breaths, attempting to quell her unease.
In any case, merely knowing Mia was already a stroke of good fortune.
The rest, she reasoned, was up to fate.
With a comforting thought, Stella began to prepare for the evening rendezvous.
She selected a long dress adorned with pearls from her wardrobe.
Ever since her previous encounter with Mia, she had noticed Mia’s fondness for pearls.
This might be her last chance to make a Lasting impression.
Though the dress was weighty and extended to the floor, it exuded an air of grace and sophistication.
Stella admired herself in the mirror for a few minutes before elegantly rolling up her hair into a fluffy bun, feeling somewhat reassured.
Slowly descending the stairs, Stella held the hem of her dress.
In the living room, she found Matthew already waiting for her.
As he approached her, he took her hand and enveloped her in his embrace.
“You look exceptionally beautiful,” he complimented.
Blushing, Stella responded with a smile, “Can we head out now?”
###chapter880
Matthew held her closer, resting his chin on Stella’s shoulder.
Inhaling the alluring scent of her, he said in a husky voice, “Let me hold you a little while Longer.
”
Amused by his playful words, Stella pushed him gently and reminded him, “If we don’t leave soon, we’ll be late.
”
Matthew responded by planting a tender ki*s on her cheek before leading her out.
The sleek black Maybach glided to a halt in front of the hotel lobby.
Matthew pointed to a nearby spot and said, “I’ll be in the executive lounge on the first floor, eagerly awaiting the news of your success.
”
Stella nodded and opened the car door, stepping out.
She entered the elevator and made her way to the private room where she had arranged to meet Mia.
To her surprise, upon arrival, she discovered that several designers had already gathered there.
Stella’s gaze swept across the room, and she quickly realized that most of the people present were renowned designers from Seamarsh, with Slater being the most prominent among them.
Upon spotting him, Stella couldn’t help but feel a twinge of surprise, which she concealed swiftly.
It made sense for Slater to be here this time.
Mia’s chosen partner now included Prosperity Group, and Slater currently served as the design consultant for the company.
Just as Stella was debating whether to approach Slater, he took the initiative and walked up to her with a smile, raising his eyebrows.
“Stella, long time no see.
”
“Long time no see,” Stella replied politely.
“Are you settling in well at the Prosperity Group?”
Slater chuckled, his tone casual.
“Certainly, your assistant, Devyn, has been quite helpful.
I’ll be leaving Prosperity Group in three months, and I might take her with me.
”
His words left Stella uncertain whether he was jesting or being serious, causing her to frown.
Observing her reaction, Slater smiled again.
“Did you take my words seriously? I’m just kidding.
It’s already unfortunate that Prosperity Group lost such a renowned designer as yourself.
I wouldn’t dream of taking away someone else’s prized asset.
”
He paused, leaning in closer to Stella and whispering in her ear, “This time, I’ll do my utmost to facilitate a partnership between Prosperity Group and Mia.
I believe I can win you over this time.
”
Stella’s expression softened, and she replied modestly, “Last time, it was just luck that I won.
I still have much to learn from you.
”
Slater raised an eyebrow and said indifferently, “I hope so.
”
As the two conversed, the door swung open once more, and Mia made her entrance.
###chapter881
tella nodded in acknowledgment.
Mia’s assistant stepped forward and announced, “Please submit your design drafts to me.
Mia will review them promptly.
Following the assessment, the partner for Blue Flame in Seamarsh will be announced on the spot.
In the meantime, you are welcome to enjoy the delightful food we’ve prepared.
”
The designers exchanged glances, their shock evident in their eyes.
None of them had anticipated that the decision would be reached so swiftly.
Mia smiled, saying, “Everyone, savor your dinner to the fullest.
”
With that, she followed her assistant into a nearby room.
As soon as the door closed, the atmosphere in the room grew markedly tenser, a far cry from the relaxed ambiance just moments ago.
Stella found herself seated, her gaze fixed on the closed door.
Her hands were tightly clenched, betraying her nervousness.
While she had mentally prepared herself for the possibility of losing, a glimmer of hope still flickered within her.
The conflicting emotions left her unable to sit still, and the food before her held no interest.
Beside her, Slater behaved quite differently.
He wielded his knife and fork with deliberate grace, occasionally sharing his opinion on the dishes.
Stella glanced at him, wanting to speak but ultimately sighed instead.
Slater shook his head, a smile on his Lips.
He reached for a napkin and gently wiped his mouth before offering comfort to Stella.
“There’s only one spot for collaboration, and everyone here is exceptional.
Anyone could be chosen.
Don’t put too much pressure on yourself.
”
Stella understood his words, and she tried to console herself in the same manner, but her nerves persisted.
Her thoughts kept drifting to the moments when Matthew had stood by her side, helping create the dress.
The design and sample dress had been the product of her unwavering determination and Matthew’s unwavering support.
The dress held a deeper significance for her now.
At the same time, she hoped for a satisfying outcome not just for herself but also for Matthew.
As the moments passed, Stella silently prayed in her head.
Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the door swung open.
###chapter882
Everyone in the room stood up as Mia and her assistant emerged.
Stella watched them closely but couldn’t discern anything from their expressions.
“It’s time for Mia to make her decision,” the assistant casually remarked, causing Stella’s heart to race.
She fervently wished that Mia would call her name.
With those words, the assistant stepped back.
Mia surveyed the room.
“Every designer here today is exceptional, and choosing is not easy.
However, we have selected a designer whose design concept aligns perfectly with that of Blue Flame.
That designer is none other than Stella Clark.
”
Stella stood there in stunned silence as Mia’s words reverberated through the room.
She instinctively covered her mouth in disbelief, her eyes wide with shock.
“You are young and promising.
Congratulations.
”
The congratulatory remarks from the crowd snapped her back to reality.
Mia’s waving gesture prompted Stella to regain her composure, and she rushed forward to embrace Mia tightly.
“Thank you.
I’ll continue to work hard and live up to your choice.
”
Mia returned the embrace with a warm smile and praised her sincerely.
“You are exceptionally talented.
While the theme of this competition was pearls, you dared to forsake the traditional use of actual pearls in your design.
Instead, you presented something even more captivating than pearls.
”
Mia’s words clarified the reason behind her choice, leaving everyone in the room convinced that they had indeed lost.
Before leaving, Mia informed Stella, “I’ll be meeting with the senior executives of Blue Flame tonight for their approval.
If all goes well, we can proceed with signing the contract.
”
Concerned that Stella might be anxious, Mia reassured her, saying, “Don’t worry, Stella.
This is just a standard procedure.
I’ve already confirmed it on my end, and the decision won’t change.
”
Stella nodded eagerly.
After seeing Mia off, she couldn’t contain her excitement any longer and rushed down to the first-floor lounge to share the incredible news with Matthew.
Matthew patted her back, helping her catch her breath, and smiled, “As expected.
”
That night, Stella finally enjoyed a peaceful night’s sleep.
When she awoke the next morning, she found herself alone in the room.
Her phone buzzed, and she eagerly unlocked it to find an email from Mia’s assistant.
The message was brief but carried a heavy tone.
###chapter883
“I apologize, Stella, but we have reason to suspect that your work was not entirely your own.
We need some time to reconsider whether to proceed with the contract.
”
Stella’s mind went blank.
She scrutinized the email repeatedly, confirming that it indeed originated from Mia’s assistant.
Without delay, she dialed her number.
She needed to understand why Mia suspected her of not creating her own work after just one night.
The assistant answered honestly, “We received an anonymous tip last night, which raised suspicions that you had hired someone to finish your design.
”
“What?” Stella frowned.
“Mia is giving you half a day to prepare.
Tonight, the senior executives of Blue Flame and Mia will meet with you.
If you can’t prove your innocence, we’ll have to replace you,” the assistant stated gravely.
Stella remained baffled after hanging up the phone.
Who had reported that she’d hired someone to design for her? And why?
Stella pushed those questions aside.
Time was of the essence.
She had only half a day to clear her name.
Gathering evidence became her top priority.
Just as she began her quest for proof, a news article featuring her name seized her attention.
Stella clicked on it immediately.
An anonymous Twitter account had posted a damning accusation.
“Stella Clark’s right hand suffered a severe injury, rendering her unable to hold a pen.
Yet, there were reports yesterday that she was collaborating with Blue Flame.
It’s clear she hired someone else to complete the design drawing.
This goes against the ethical standards of a designer.
Blue Flame should sever ties with her!”
Beneath the post was a photo, apparently of Stella’s medical record.
Though some information was blurred, it was evident that the medical record belonged to her.
The diagnosis indicated a serious injury to her right hand, preventing her from creating detailed drawings.
The post had been made late at night and had already sparked heated debates among people.
Stella’s previous designs for Prosperity Group had earned her popularity, and public praise from Mrs.
Burke had garnered even more attention.
Now, as the first designer in the country to collaborate with Blue Flame, the news attracted even more scrutiny.
The moment the names of Stella and Blue Flame were linked in the article, it shot up to the top trending topics.
“Even if Stella’s hand is injured, design drawings can be created on a computer.
She can also use her left hand.
There’s no need to hire someone to draw.
”
“Everyone has witnessed Stella’s talent before; I doubt she would resort to such tactics.
”
“As a medical student, I have to say something.
If Stella’s medical report is accurate, she genuinely couldn’t draw in such a short time.
Overusing her right hand could impact her daily life in the future.
”
###chapter884
People’s comments varied, but most seemed to be spectating rather than genuinely concerned.
The more Stella read, the angrier she became.
Her private medical report had been publicly disclosed, especially at a crucial juncture when she was on the verge of collaborating with Blue Flame.
It was clear that someone had set her up.
But who?
Fuming, Stella stormed downstairs.
In the living room, she found Matthew, engaged in a phone call, hastily addressing the online news situation.
Upon noticing Stella, Matthew quickly concluded his call and faced her.
“Have you identified who posted that information?” Stella wasted no time in questioning him.
Aware of her distress, Matthew gently rubbed her head and offered soothing words.
“Not yet.
But trust me, everything will work out.
You’re innocent, and no one can jeopardize your collaboration with Blue Flame.
”
Stella nodded, her expression resolute.
That night, Stella entered the same hotel where the party had taken place the previous evening.
As she stepped out of the elevator, she was greeted by several designers who had been waiting.
If she couldn’t prove her innocence tonight, Blue Flame would seek another partner.
Stella walked over calmly.
Undeterred by their unfriendly demeanor and disdainful remarks, Stella approached them confidently.
“Oh, so you cheated.
That’s how you managed to achieve so much at such a young age.
”
“By the way, how much did you pay?”
Stella paid no heed to their comments and entered the meeting room, armed with her prepared file.
Inside the meeting room, alongside Mia, a group of stern-looking men in suits had gathered.
Tension hung thick in the air.
Clutching the file tightly, Stella took a deep breath.
Seated at the head of the table, Mia wore a grave expression as she addressed Stella.
“Someone has reported that you cheated.
We need an explanation to address the public’s concerns.
”
“Understood,” Stella replied, her voice steady.
###chapter885
Approaching slowly, she retrieved several sheets of paper from the file and handed them to her assistant.
“These documents contain the timeline of the design and the doctor’s diagnosis.
”
Mia read through the papers carefully, her expression unchanging.
Stella continued, “I was involved in a car accident, resulting in an injury to my hand.
However, with proper medical treatment and guidance, my hand has shown signs of recovery.
It’s not as severe as some have claimed online.
”
Silence filled the room as Mia and the others contemplated Stella’s explanation.
Eventually, Stella presented her previous works for their inspection.
The meeting room was so quiet that the rustling of paper turning was the only sound heard.
The documents passed among Mia and the other executives, and an air of skepticism hung in the room.
Stella couldn’t help but notice their frowns.
After a brief silence, one man raised his head and fixed his gaze on Stella.
“Stella, I’m afraid we find the evidence you’ve provided somewhat unconvincing.
In my opinion, these medical records and past designs could potentially be fabricated.
”
Stella was taken aback.
She had believed these materials were the most direct evidence of her abilities.
“I assure you that these documents can be verified, and there is no falsehood in them.
”
The man shook his head.
“The verification process is too time- consuming.
We need you to provide us with a definitive answer tonight.
Since doubts have been raised regarding your abilities, I propose we set a theme right now, and you create a design on the spot.
Are you willing to do that?”
Stella understood that this man wanted not only to assess her abilities but also to confirm whether she could still wield a pencil as the internet rumors suggested.
She had no reason to decline.
Moreover, she had been taking medication and using ointments in recent days.
Drawing should be within her capability.
Stella agreed to the challenge without hesitation.
The man deferred to Mia, allowing her to set the theme for the impromptu design.
After a brief contemplation, Mia came up with a theme that would test Stella’s skill to the fullest.
“For this task, you shall create an evening dress adorned with various hand-drawn flowers.
”
Stella’s brow furrowed.
The chosen theme was no walk in the park.
It demanded intricate design details and finesse when depicting the flowers.
Any slight tremor in her hand during the process could jeopardize all her previous efforts.
###chapter886
tella rubbed her wrist, apprehension gnawing at her.
However, she had no choice but to accept the challenge.
Her assistant swiftly prepared the necessary materials, painting paper and a pencil.
Taking her seat, Stella concentrated on conjuring the design in her mind.
Despite the growing pressure, she felt a spark of inspiration and immediately seized the pencil, determined to make her vision a reality.
This time, her concept was a light-yellow gauze dress, adorned with a profusion of dainty, closely-knit flowers encircling the waist.
‘s BunnyBookery
Vines in the shape of tendrils graced the sides, and the overall style evoked a fairy-like enchantment.
Stella diligently translated her imagination onto the paper.
However, as she neared completion, a sharp pain shot through her wrist.
She paused briefly, gritting her teeth to regain her composure, and then pressed on, determined to finish the final stroke.
Upon finishing the design, Stella let out a sigh of relief.
She had proven herself to everyone in the room.
Setting her pencil aside, she handed her hand-drawn design to Mia.
“Here is my sketch based on the theme of flowers.
Please take a Look.
”
Mia took the sketch and glanced at it.
Her eyes fell upon the words written at the bottom of the paper.
It was called Miracle Flowers.
Three hours had slipped by, leaving the aspiring designers waiting outside feeling increasingly restless and on edge.
Nevertheless, a heavy silence hung in the air as they remained seated, stifling their impatience.
At long last, the door to the meeting room swung open, prompting everyone to rise and turn their gaze to the entrance.
Mia and Stella emerged, engaged in lively conversation and hearty laughter.
The other designers exchanged puzzled and flustered glances.
“Apologies for the delay,” Mia offered with a gracious smile.
“We’ve confirmed that the online rumors were false.
Blue Flame is still committed to collaborating with Stella.
Thank you all for your patience.
”
The announcement left the designers dumbfounded.
Tillie Quimby, who had endured a night of waiting, couldn’t contain her frustration any Longer.
###chapter887
“How can you assure us that Stella didn’t use a stand-in during the exam? We’ve waited here for so long.
The least you can do is provide a reasonable explanation to put our concerns to rest.
”
Mia nodded in understanding.
“Just moments ago, Blue Flame executives and I organized a new design test for Stella.
She executed the design brilliantly.
”
Tillie persisted, “There were reports online that Stella had injured her hand and couldn’t draw anymore.
So, could you kindly show us.
Stella’s latest design?”
Mia glanced at Stella, who gave a confirming nod.
Mia signaled to her assistant to unveil the design drawing for everyone to see.
“Stella completed this design in approximately an hour.
In such a short time, she not only finished the drawing but also refined every detail to perfection.
It’s a testament to her exceptional design skills.
” Mia turned to Stella with a smile.
“I’m sure everyone is curious about your design concept.
Would you mind sharing it?”
Stella spoke calmly, unraveling her design ideas with deliberate care.
“For a designer, each creation is a labor of love, undergoing numerous revisions before it’s revealed to the world.
That’s why I’ve named it the Miracle Flowers.
No matter how many challenges I face, I’m determined to prove myself and overcome adversity.
”
Her words resonated with the other designers, who nodded in agreement.
Tillie, now convinced, praised Stella.
“You have a remarkable vision.
I have no ions to Blue Flame’s decision.
”
With that, the designers bid farewell to Mia and departed.
Mia affectionately patted Stella’s shoulder, her eyes brimming with satisfaction.
“You’ve done exceptionally well.
Regarding the internet rumors, Blue Flame’s PR department will help set the record straight.
We won’t Let those responsible for spreading falsehoods off the hook.
”
With those reassuring words, she motioned for her assistant to produce the contract.
“Take a look.
If everything checks out, you can sign it today.
”
Stella held the contract in her hands, feeling a mix of emotions.
Relief and excitement washed over her.
After a thorough reading and her signature, she finally felt a sense of relief.
As Stella left the hotel, her mood had lifted greatly.
###chapter888
Spotting Matthew in the distance, she rushed to him, wrapping her arms around his waist and nuzzling against his chest.
Her sudden show of affection triggered a sense of foreboding in Matthew.
He instinctively put his arm around her waist, ready to offer comfort when he heard Stella’s soft murmur, her voice tinged with pain.
“Matthew, my hand hurts.
” Stella raised her tear-filled eyes.
Since she had completed the design drawing, her wrist had been throbbing with pain.
She had tried to endure it, but in that moment, seeing Matthew, she found solace and couldn’t hold back any longer.
Matthew’s expression darkened.
Without a word, he scooped her up and hurriedly drove to Selene’s clinic.
Inside the clinic, after examining Stella’s hand and reviewing the test results, Selene chastised, “I’ve warned you not to strain your right hand during this period.
If you keep using it excessively, what if it becomes a permanent disability? And Mr.
Clark, as her husband, why haven’t you been more vigilant?”
Stella quickly explained, “Dr.
Beckett, please don’t blame him.
I had something important to do today.
I promise to follow your advice and cooperate with the treatment.
”
Selene administered a dose of anti-inflammatory medication into Stella’s vein before quietly exiting the room.
Stella settled into the chair, her gaze fixed on the slowly dripping infusion bottle.
With a sigh, she turned her attention to Matthew, guilt flickering in her eyes.
“I’m sorry for making you worry earlier.
”
“It’s a relief that you’re alright,” Matthew replied softly, leaning down to place a tender ki*s on her forehead.
He placed a soft pillow behind her head and took a seat beside her.
“This infusion will take at least two hours.
You should rest,” he suggested, gently cradling Stella in his arms.
Fatigue must have caught up with Stella, for she soon found a comfortable position and drifted off to sleep against his comforting presence.
After a while, Stella’s phone began to ring.
Matthew, concerned about her well-being, decided to silence the phone by ending the call without checking the caller’s identity.
However, it immediately rang again.
This time, he glanced at the caller ID.
It was Farris.
Irritation crept over Matthew as he declined the call once more, determined not to let anything disrupt Stella’s peace.
He took off his coat and covered it on her.
Then he stood up and went out.
Seconds later, the phone rang again.
He picked up the phone, noticing Farris’ name on the display.
Matthew frowned and pressed the answer button.
“Stella, how is your hand?” Farris wore an anxious tone.
“I’ve seen the rumors online…”
###chapter889
Before he could finish his sentence, Matthew cut him off sharply.
“She is fine.
Take care of yourself, and do not call her again,”
Matthew asserted, his voice laced with a cold warning.
Startled by the voice on the other line, Farris realized that it was Matthew who answered the phone.
Undeterred, he pressed, “Where is Stella? I want to talk to her.
”
“You don’t deserve to see her,” Matthew said coldly.
Then he ended the call and muted the notifications.
‘s BunnyBookery
With a deep breath, Matthew returned to Stella’s side, his protective instincts strong.
Two hours later, Selene entered the room to conclude the infusion.
Stella woke from her slumber.
Selene offered a final piece of advice.
“Take care of your hand in the coming days.
Don’t strain it.
If you experience any discomfort, don’t hesitate to reach out to me.
”
Stella nodded appreciatively, and with Matthew’s support, she left the hospital.
As they settled back into the car, Stella retrieved her phone and noticed several messages from Farris that had arrived two hours ago.
She was momentarily taken aback and began to read the messages.
In the messages, Farris apologized, claiming he was unaware of the situation with her hand.
He promised to thoroughly investigate the matter and provide her with an explanation.
Stella pondered why she hadn’t noticed her phone ringing earlier, only to realize that it had been muted.
During the infusion, only Matthew was beside her, and it became evident that he had taken the initiative to mute her phone.
Stella studied his demeanor and noted his calmness.
In an attempt to seem nonchalant, she asked casually, “Did Farris say anything on the phone just now?”
Matthew turned his head slowly, his face expressionless as he replied in an indifferent and cold tone, “It doesn’t matter what he said.
You should not contact him anymore.
Let Selene take care of your hand.
”
“I understand that Dr.
Beckett is a competent doctor.
But my grandfather was ill before, and Farris did everything in his power to save him.
I can’t be so heartless,” Stella replied hesitantly.
“Besides, he couldn’t have spread those rumors online.
”
Stella suspected that Matthew’s anger stemmed from the rumors circulating about her on the internet.
After all, her medical records were private, and their exposure likely involved someone within the hospital staff.
However, she couldn’t believe that Farris would be behind it, especially since it wouldn’t benefit him in any way.
###chapter890
“How do you know it wasn’t him who did it?” Matthew asked with a hint of irony, leaving Stella puzzled.
She met his gaze and adopted a more serious tone.
“Regardless of whether it was him or not, I will find the truth and address my relationship with Farris.
In the future, please don’t interfere with my choices in making friends.
”
Matthew wanted to say something but ultimately held his words because Stella was starting to get angry.
At that moment, his primary concern was Stella’s injured wrist, and he was determined to help her recover.
As for Farris, he harbored no intentions of letting him off if it turned out that he had harmed Stella.
That night, Blue Flame refuted the rumors and announced that Stella, as their collaborative designer in Seamarsh, would be designing a dress for their leading star, Alina Walker.
Alina was slated to wear the dress at an upcoming award ceremony to be held in Seamarsh later that year.
Upon seeing the news, Stella experienced a whirlwind of emotions—joy, excitement, and nervousness all rolled into one.
After all, Alina was an international superstar, a prominent figure in several top TV series in the country.
Fashion designers clamored for the chance to create dresses for her, forming long queues.
The unexpected assignment to work with Alina was indeed a rare opportunity.
Stella’s enthusiasm was palpable as she babbled incoherently.
She couldn’t contain her excitement and patted Matthew’s hand, urging him to take a look at the screen.
Matthew glanced at it, maintaining his composure, and suggested, “Let’s celebrate at home later and wish your studio a successful opening.
”
Stella agreed with a nod.
Upon returning home, Matthew took charge of cooking steak himself.
Stella offered to help, but he insisted she refrain, citing her wrist injury.
Left in the living room, Stella decided to research information about Blue Flame and Alina, wanting to better align herself with their future collaboration.
Once everything was prepared, Matthew escorted Stella to the dining room.
The room was softly lit, and the table was elegantly set with neatly arranged dishes, a few candles, and a bottle of Bordeaux wine.
Astonishment flickered in Stella’s eyes, and she turned to Matthew.
“Did you prepare all of this by yourself? Your culinary skills are truly improving.
”
Compared to the charred breakfast he had previously attempted, this steak Looked appetizing.
Stella took her seat and reached for a glass to pour wine but Matthew stopped her.
“You’re still on medication.
Let me handle the drinking this time.
We can toast together once your hand is fully healed.
”
Stella nodded and set down her glass.
Matthew, still carrying a tinge of melancholy from Farris’ call, indulged in more wine than intended.
###chapter891
Half a bottle swiftly disappeared, prompting Stella to intervene.
“It’s getting late.
You shouldn’t drink any more.
Be cautious not to overindulge,” she cautioned.
Matthew heeded her advice, setting down his glass.
With a smile, he beckoned for Stella to join him.
Stella sensed that Matthew was genuinely intoxicated.
She approached him, asking, “Would you like a glass of water? You might wake up with a headache tomorrow otherwise.
”
As she turned to head for the kitchen, her wrist was captured in the next instant.
Matthew gently drew her into his embrace, his hands circling her waist.
Through their clothes, she could feel the warmth of his palms.
Stella made a feeble attempt to break free, but when she looked up, she found herself locked in Matthew’s deep, tender, and affectionate gaze.
‘s BunnyBookery
Her breath hitched, and her heart raced.
Matthew lowered his head and initiated a soft ki*s on her lips, surprising Stella with its suddenness.
In a daze, she reciprocated, meeting his lips that carried a hint of alcohol.
His actions grew more urgent, his hold on her tightening as he sought to meld their bodies together.
Stella couldn’t resist clutching the fabric of his shirt on both sides, her body turning pliant in response.
Her hands found their way to his shoulders as she sought to fulfill his desire.
The passion between them intensified.
They lost track of how long the ki*s lasted.
When Matthew eventually released Stella, both of them were breathless and flushed.
“Does your hand still hurt?” Matthew asked in a husky voice.
Stella shook her head, her senses returning.
She placed her hands on Matthew’s chest, trying to create some distance.
“I have something important to discuss with you.
”
Matthew, still breathing heavily, gazed at her with both affection and desire.
“We can talk later,” he murmured, leaning in for another ki*s.
However, Stella turned her head to evade his advances.
“I want to meet with Farris tomorrow.
”
When Stella uttered those words, she could unmistakably sense a sudden rigidity in Matthew’s body, his once-affectionate demeanor replaced by a darkened countenance.
The warmth that had enveloped them just moments ago evaporated Like morning mist.
###chapter892
Matthew frowned, his warm breath brushed against Stella’s face as he spoke.
“I told you not to contact Farris anymore.
Why would you bring up his name?”
Stella met his unwavering gaze and pursed her lips.
“He’s my friend.
Now, he’s facing accusations from both the hospital and Blue Flame because of me.
I believe it’s imperative that I speak with him face to face this time.
”
Stella’s words extinguished Matthew’s initial interest entirely.
His icy gaze remained fixed on her face, and in that moment, he recalled Farris mentioning that Stella had been with him before.
However, he hadn’t taken those words seriously back then.
After all, during the year he had married Stella, there had been no contact between her and Farris.
It was only Clint’s illness that had brought Farris into her life.
Stella was legally his wife, and even if she had known Farris earlier, that fundamental fact couldn’t be altered.
Matthew was confident that he wouldn’t allow their past relationship to rekindle.
Yet, here was Stella, speaking up for Farris.
Could it be that she was concerned about him?
Matthew couldn’t accept that notion.
With this thought, anger began to well up inside him.
He struggled to contain it, guiding Stella to a nearby chair.
Turning away, he tugged at his tie, the anger simmering and intensifying.
Noticing Matthew’s growing anger, Stella cast her eyes downward, pondered for a moment, and then continued, “Matthew, I’ve had previous contact with Farris, and I believe he’s a good man who wouldn’t harm me.
There must be some kind of misunderstanding.
”
“He won’t hurt you?”
This remark only further fueled Matthew’s fury.
He turned around, his expression tinged with self-derision, and approached Stella.
His tall figure loomed over her, casting a shadow.
After a brief contemplation, Matthew adopted a more serious tone.
“Do you really have to meet with Farris?”
Stella met his gaze with determination and replied, “Yes.
”
Stella’s resolute answer left Matthew feeling frustrated.
He looked down at her and spoke in a deep, commanding voice.
“Do not seek out Farris, or you will regret it.
”
###chapter893
With those words, he rose from his seat and left the dining room.
Stella turned to call after him.
“Matthew.
”
She wanted to explain, but he didn’t look back, and in the end, she remained silent.
He was deeply resentful of Farris, and no matter what she said now, he would not listen.
Furthermore, there were certain principles she wanted to uphold.
She didn’t want to capitulate simply because Matthew was her husband.
Such concessions would be meaningless for their marriage.
The following day, Stella arrived at the hospital.
She had tried calling Farris several times, but he hadn’t answered, so she decided to visit him in person.
She went to Farris’ office and knocked on the door, but there was no response.
Stella gently pushed the door open, finding an empty room with Farris‘ white coat hanging neatly on a hook.
Puzzled, she closed the door and was about to inquire with a nurse when she turned and saw Mina approaching.
When Mina laid eyes on Stella, she marched towards her.
Her expression was cold as she scolded, “Stella, how dare you come to see Farris?”
Unfazed, Stella maintained her composure.
“You posted the online rumor that I hired someone to draw for me, didn’t you?”
Before Mina could utter a word, Stella saw a flicker of panic in her eyes.
“I know it was you.
” Without affording Mina an opportunity to respond, Stella continued, “When I was hospitalized, you were entrusted with my medical records.
Farris is a man of integrity.
He wouldn’t engage in such actions against me.
You were the only one with the means to set this up.
”
Mina’s loathing for Stella was obvious, her emotions laid bare.
“Yes, I did it.
What of it?” she confessed, unapologetic.
Stella’s countenance darkened abruptly.
“Mina, do you realize you’ve broken the law?”
Mina’s sneer was unrepentant.
“So what? You wretched woman, I’ve despised you for so long.
If you hadn’t come into the picture, Farris would have married me.
”
###chapter894
She paused, her gaze piercing Stella.
“You’re already married, yet you’re seducing a doctor.
A shameless woman like you deserves every bit of online scorn.
”
Mina hurled a barrage of harsh words, her voice resonating loudly.
Stella had no intention of engaging in an argument at a hospital.
Without so much as a glance at Mina, she sidestepped and moved to leave.
But Mina intercepted her, blocking her path with outstretched arms.
“Are you feeling guilty now? Running away because you’re scared? Let me tell you, it’s not happening.
You’ve caused immense harm to Farris, and you will pay for it.
”
Stella wrinkled her nose in displeasure at Mina‘s unhinged demeanor.
“Step aside.
” She spoke icily.
Mina remained unmoved.
Stella pushed her aside and continued her departure.
“Stella! Mina’s roar echoed through the corridor, and she lunged at Stella, her hand raised for a slap.
Stella had anticipated this move.
Swiftly, she grabbed Mina’s wrist and retaliated with a resounding slap across her face.
Mina stood in stunned silence, half her face throbbing with pain.
Stella delivered a stern warning, her words deliberate and unwavering.
“I turned a blind eye to you for Farris’ sake.
But from now on, do not dare to provoke me again, or be prepared to face the consequences.
”
She shook off Mina’s grip.
“Furthermore, you’ve been spreading malicious rumors about me online.
Blue Flame has already involved the police in their investigation, and I have faith that justice will soon prevail.
”
With those words, Stella left.
It took a few seconds for Mina to regain her composure.
She turned and shouted after Stella with unbridled rage, “Stella, don’t underestimate me.
I won’t rest until I’ve taken you down!”
Stella paid no heed to her outburst.
She approached the nurse’s station.
“Excuse me, has Dr.
Barnes come to work today?”
The nurse looked at her and replied casually, “Dr.
Barnes has been suspended.
”
###chapter895
“Suspended?” Stella was taken aback.
“Do you know the reason?”
The nurse cast a cautious glance around before responding in a hushed tone, “I can’t divulge that information.
”
Stella didn’t want to press the matter, so she dropped it.
But she couldn’t reach Farris, and her concern grew.
After a moment of silence, she asked, “Do you happen to know where Farris lives? I need to speak with him.
The nurse nodded.
Stella jotted down the address, thanked the nurse, and left the hospital.
Farris’ residence wasn’t far from the hospital.
Stella soon located it.
She rang the doorbell repeatedly until a woman’s voice emanated from inside.
“Who are you looking for?”
“Hello, I’m a friend of Farris Stella introduced herself.
‘s BunnyBookery
“I need to speak with him.
Is he at home?”
The door swung open, revealing a middle-aged woman.
Her face, once well-maintained, now bore signs of weariness, and her eyes glistened with tears.
She welcomed Stella into the Living room and introduced herself.
“I’m Aileen Carter, Farris’ mother.
What brings you here?”
Despite her attempts to conceal her emotions, her tears were evident.
Stella got straight to the point.
“Why was he suspended so suddenly?”
Upon hearing this, Aileen broke into tears.
She wiped her eyes and sobbed, “We don’t know the details, but ever since Farris became a doctor, he has been dedicated to his duty.
He must have offended some influential figure.
”
###chapter896
Stella handed Aileen a few tissues, her voice filled with compassion as she said, “Mrs.
Barnes, please don’t cry.
Take your time and tell me what happened.
”
With a soothing touch on Aileen’s back and whispered words of comfort in her ear, Stella tried to ease her distress.
Aileen gradually regained her composure, though her voice still carried a heavy nasal tone as she recounted, “A few days ago, Farris was accused of a misdiagnosis, and the hospital authorities decided to suspend him indefinitely…”
Tears welled up in her eyes once more.
Stella was taken aback.
She hadn’t anticipated the gravity of the situation.
“I can’t comprehend this.
Farris has been an experienced doctor for many years, never making any mistakes.
How could something like this suddenly happen?” Aileen cried out in anguish.
“I’m just a full-time housewife.
There’s nothing I can do to help him.
All I can do is watch him suffer.
”
“Mrs.
Barnes, please don’t lose hope.
We all know that Farris is a skilled doctor.
I’m certain the hospital will vindicate him,” Stella reassured her, holding her hand tightly.
“No, the hospital has abandoned him.
” Aileen shook her head despairingly.
“The dean mentioned that the patient’s family has taken the matter to court.
Overwhelmed, Aileen began to speak incoherently,”
Being a doctor has been Farris’ dream since childhood.
He’s worked tirelessly to reach where he is today.
But now, this has happened.
He’s been unable to sleep, and it took immense effort for him to even fall asleep just now.
”
Perhaps fearing that she might wake Farris, Aileen consciously lowered her voice.
“His father is trying to contact someone who might help Farris regain his position as soon as possible.
”
Stella wore a serious expression.
She hadn’t anticipated the severity of the situation and was plagued by a sense of foreboding.
“Do you happen to know which patient’s family filed the complaint?” she asked in a whisper.
Aileen wiped away her tears and replied, “Farris didn’t tell me, but I suspect it might be the patient with the injured hand.
This issue has been trending on the internet for two days now.
I heard she was treated at the hospital where Farris worked.
”
Stella’s shock deepened.
Last night, during the argument with Matthew, he uttered a veiled threat, warning her that she would regret it if she visited Farris.
Could Matthew have had a hand in Farris’ suspension?
Influential people… Matthew…
The thought simmered in Stella’s mind, fueling her anger.
Just then, a noise came from the adjacent room.
Stella turned to see Farris emerging from the bedroom.
###chapter897
She was momentarily taken aback.
In just a few days, Farris had transformed into an unrecognizable figure.
His unkempt beard, pronounced dark circles under his eyes, bloodshot gaze, and disheveled hair bore witness to his ordeal.
Gone was the handsome man she remembered.
As Farris caught sight of Stella, he wondered if it was an illusion.
He rubbed his eyes to confirm her presence.
After realizing she was indeed standing before him, a flicker of surprise crossed his tired eyes.
“How did you find this place? I…”
He wanted to say something but stopped, fully aware of his disheveled appearance.
With an awkward smile, he scratched the back of his head.
“Give me a moment to freshen up, and I’ll join you for a walk.
”
“No need.
” Stella swiftly declined with a wave of her hand.
“I came here to check on you, and I’m relieved to see you’re okay.
Just focus on getting some rest.
”
But it seemed Farris didn’t hear her refusal.
He disappeared into the bedroom briefly, only to emerge transformed.
Clad in a simple T-shirt and casual pants, he appeared clean and rejuvenated.
His beard was neatly shaved, and his hair impeccably groomed.
Approaching Stella as if nothing had happened, he said, “Let’s go.
”
Even though Farris had dressed up, the weariness in his eyes remained.
Stella cast a gentle glance at him and uttered softly, “You should really get some rest.
I’ll come visit you in a few days.
”
Farris, however, was insistent on taking her out.
“I’m fine, let’s go.
”
Observing Farris’ upbeat demeanor, Aileen didn’t want to dampen his spirits.
She attempted to persuade Stella.
“If you have some free time, you could go out with Farris for a stroll.
”
Stella couldn’t help but feel sorry for Aileen, who had tear stains on her face and was wearing a forced smile.
After bidding farewell to Aileen, she ventured out with Farris.
They walked aimlessly along the streets.
###chapter898
As the evening sun began its descent, the warm afterglow cast a delicate glow on Farris’ face, accentuating his frailty.
Concern for Farris weighed heavily on Stella’s mind, her gaze glued to him as if fearing something might befall him.
After a lengthy walk, Farris halted at the entrance of a quaint cafe.
He held the door open for Stella to enter first.
The cafe exuded an air of comfort and tranquility.
Stella and Farris sat face to face, and after placing their orders, the waiter promptly brought two cups of coffee.
Unable to contain her curiosity, Stella inquired, “Was Matthew responsible for your suspension?”
Farris paused for a moment, then shook his head with candor.
“I’m not sure, but the X-ray you had taken was easily tampered with by the nurse and ended up on the internet.
It’s my responsibility.
”
He glanced at Stella’s right hand and confessed with a tone of guilt, “I couldn’t find anything wrong with your hand.
That was my negligence.
Thankfully, it didn’t have a significant impact on you.
Otherwise, I’d carry the guilt for a lifetime.
I’m sorry.
”
“You shouldn’t blame yourself,” Stella reassured him.
Seeing him in such anguish made her heart ache.
“It’s not your fault, and I don’t hold you responsible.
”
She lowered her gaze, her expression growing serious, her suspicions about Matthew deepening.
No one else possessed such immense power.
“Stella, I won’t make excuses.
I’ll shoulder all the responsibilities I need to, as long as you’re alright.
” Farris managed a faint smile through his inner turmoil.
“I really am fine,” Stella insisted, raising her right hand and giving it a reassuring shake.
“I’m undergoing treatment, and I’ll recover soon.
”
But as she spoke, she noticed the disappointment in Farris’ eyes, realizing she had divulged too much.
She promptly changed the subject.
“Don’t dwell on it too much.
The hospital will prove your innocence soon.
”
Farris remained somber, nodding without uttering a word.
Their time in the cafe was brief, and Stella escorted Farris back to his place.
Once she left his residence, she dialed Matthew’s number, but there was no answer.
Stella hailed a taxi and headed straight to Prosperity Group.
In Prosperity Group, Fernando received a message from the front desk and promptly made his way downstairs to escort Stella.
###chapter899
He pressed the elevator button and entered with her, conveying, “Mr.
Clark is currently in an important meeting.
You might have to wait outside for a little while.
”
Stella simply nodded in acknowledgment.
She found a chair in the lounge, leaned back, and slowly closed her eyes.
Her mind was filled with growing doubts about Farris’ suspension.
Was Matthew truly behind this?
And if so, why did he resort to such measures? Couldn’t he have communicated with her first?
If her husband really did it, how could she face Farris in the future?
The uncertainty weighed heavily on her, leaving her increasingly restless and irritable.
As the clock ticked toward seven in the evening, Stella continued to wait anxiously.
Finally, the door to the meeting room swung open.
Matthew, having been informed by Fernando of Stella’s presence, hastened to conclude the meeting, eager to see her.
It was the first time she had come to the company to meet him since her resignation, and Matthew’s heart was filled with delight.
Ever since their argument the previous night, he had been consumed by a sense of melancholy.
He had been longing for an opportunity to have a conversation with her, to mend the rift between them.
With excitement and a warm smile adorning his face, he pushed open the door to the lounge.
However, what met his gaze was Stella’s stern expression, devoid of warmth or affection.
The smile on Matthew’s face froze as he realized that Stella’s visit to the company wasn’t about picking him up from work or reconciling after their argument the previous night.
He narrowed his eyes slightly and asked in a frigid tone, “Why are you in such a hurry to see me?”
Stella, her expression stiff, glanced at the group of people behind him and replied, “Let’s go to your office first.
”
Matthew’s icy gaze swept across the assembled individuals one by one.
Immediately, they lowered their heads and hastily vacated the premises.
Without a word, he turned and strode towards his office, with Stella following closely.
The two entered the office, taking their seats, and faced each other in silence.
Matthew’s eyes bore into Stella’s, waiting for her to speak first.
Stella broke the silence, her voice filled with urgency.
“Matthew, did you have a hand in getting Farris suspended?”
She gazed at Matthew, hoping for a denial.
###chapter900
After a few seconds of intense staring, Matthew suddenly burst into laughter, as if he had heard a particularly amusing joke, though his expression remained grim.
After a pause, he spoke slowly.
“Stella, you rushed to my company today just for Farris’ sake?” His voice was cold.
Stella had already guessed the answer, her own tone turning cold as she responded, “So you did it? Matthew, can’t you let go of Farris?
He’s an excellent doctor and a dear friend of mine.
He shouldn’t have been suspended.
”
Stella clenched her fists, her eyes fixed on him.
Matthew didn’t expect her to be so serious.
He looked at her indifferently and retorted in a stern tone, “Farris is inconsequential.
He doesn’t deserve you to plead for him.
”
Matthew was infuriated by Stella’s words.
He couldn’t believe she would misunderstand him.
“Stella, I’m your husband.
” Matthew sighed, his anger giving way to disappointment.
Stella stared at him, her expression blank at first.
But when she noticed the disappointment in his eyes, her own eyes welled up with tears.
She had come seeking answers, but she hadn’t expected the situation to reach such an impasse.
Taking a deep breath, Stella suddenly adopted a resolute stance.
“Farris is my friend.
He didn’t make any wrong diagnoses.
Mr.
Clark, you shouldn’t have pressured him into resigning.
”
The ironic reference to “Mr.
Clark” only seemed to further sour Matthew’s mood, and he fixed her with a chilling stare.
Unfazed, Stella met his gaze with pure determination, her eyes reflecting her anger.
Matthew couldn’t contain his frustration any longer and erupted in rage.
“Stella, I’ve warned you not to associate with Farris again, or you’ll regret it.
” His voice resonated through the quiet office, his eyes growing even colder.
Stella’s expression changed, her eyes filling with disbelief.
Was Matthew admitting that he was responsible for Farris’ suspension?
Was he the influential figure Aileen had mentioned?
Emotions overwhelmed Stella, and tears welled up as she sobbed, “Matthew, it was really you, wasn’t it? How could you do something like this? You’re so cruel!”
Upon hearing Stella’s words, Matthew’s eyes instantly turned dark.
He hadn’t anticipated that, after spending so much time together, he would appear so cruel in Stella’s eyes.
He couldn’t even hold a candle to Farris, a recent acquaintance.
Could it be that Farris had a history with Stella before?
###chapter901
How could she defend her former lover in front of him?
Matthew removed his tie, tossing it onto the sofa.
His gaze bore into Stella’s with a fiery intensity as he said in a deep, unwavering voice, “Yes, I’m that kind of person.
If you don’t want to be here, you’re free to leave.
”
This marked the first time someone had easily shaken his composure, and he had no intention of explaining himself any further.
Stella was left dumbfounded, her expression a mixture of disbelief, disappointment, and confusion.
She couldn’t fathom that it was truly Matthew who had orchestrated Farris’ suspension.
How could he so readily slander an innocent person and wield his influence to destroy their career?
Was this the same Matthew she had always loved for his gentleness and consideration?
“Matthew, you’re so heartless!” Stella’s voice quivered as disappointment welled up in her eyes.
She shook her head slightly, disheartened.
After saying her piece, she rose to leave but suddenly felt lightheaded.
In a rush, she gripped the back of the sofa to steady herself.
An unexpected wave of discomfort swept over her.
Her body gradually became weak, and she felt dizzy, and the strength supporting herself on the sofa gradually disappeared.
Matthew also noticed something was amiss.
Just as she was about to collapse, he swiftly stood and reached out, his long arm wrapping around her waist.
He looked anxious, regret flickering in his eyes.
“Stella, Stella’s consciousness blurred, but she still recalled their recent argument.
Feebly, she attempted to push him away, but she lacked the strength to do so.
Matthew brushed his hand against her forehead and cheek with his other hand, noting her alarmingly high temperature.
“Damn it!” He had been so consumed by anger earlier that he hadn’t realized she had a fever.
Without hesitation, Matthew scooped her up and rushed out of the office.
When Stella regained consciousness, she found herself in a hospital room.
Fernando stood beside her bed, ready to aid her.
It was just the two of them in the ward.
Stella breathed a sigh of relief and glanced at the IV line, her voice hoarse as she asked, “What happened to me?”
She recalled her argument with Matthew, and the sudden dizziness that had overcome her as she prepared to storm out in anger.
Considering the recent car accident, she couldn’t help but worry if there were any lingering effects.
Fernando approached and replied in a gentle tone, “The doctor mentioned that you were simply exhausted.
You can leave the hospital once you’ve finished this IV bag.
It’s essential for you to take better care of yourself and get more rest.
”
###chapter902
Stella nodded and inquired, “Are you sure there are no other issues?”
“No, there aren’t.
” After that assurance, Fernando hesitated for a few seconds before saying, “Mr.
Clark…
“I’m feeling a bit weary,” Stella interjected, cutting him off.
“I’d rather not see him for the time being.
If you don’t have any other tasks, you can leave.
”
Fernando had more to say, but Stella had already turned away from him, disregarding his presence.
He decided not to press further, simply advising her to take care before quietly exiting the ward.
Closing the door gently behind him, he found Matthew waiting outside and met his silent inquiry with a nod.
“Mrs.
Clark woke up,” Fernando reported in a hushed tone.
“She wants some rest and asked me to leave.
”
Upon hearing that Stella was fine, Matthew visibly relaxed.
He straightened his attire and prepared to enter the ward.
“Mr.
Clark, Mrs.
Clark mentioned she doesn’t want to see you.
”
Fernando stopped him.
Matthew halted in his tracks.
After a moment’s contemplation, he replied in a composed manner, “You go ahead and investigate the matter regarding Farris.
If you can handle it, proceed accordingly.
”
Fernando accepted the instruction but couldn’t help but ask, “Why didn’t you just explain to Mrs.
Clark that you didn’t know what happened with Farris and that there was a misunderstanding?”
He couldn’t comprehend why these two individuals were at odds over an outsider.
Recollecting their recent argument, Matthew sighed ruefully.
“It doesn’t matter anymore.
She’s defending an outsider.
Regardless of the truth, in her eyes, Farris holds more significance.
”
“Stop!” The director rose from his chair, his voice commanding attention.
“How many times, Miley? Can your model handle this? If she can’t, we can find a replacement.
”
Miley, with an apologetic tone, responded, “I’m sorry.
Gina is inexperienced.
Please forgive her.
I’ll guide her immediately and ensure she won’t cause any delays in the shooting.
”
Today was a challenging day for Miley.
She had received a print advertisement project, and with all the other models busy, she had no choice but to work with the newcomer.
Gina’s partner for this shoot was Trey Moran, a well-known celebrity.
However, whether it was due to nerves or some other reason, Gina seemed to struggle to grasp the director’s instructions, leading to frequent mistakes.
###chapter903
The director had a long-standing relationship with Miley, and he asked her to salvage the situation.
Despite his anger, he tried to keep his composure.
“I’ll give you another chance.
If she can’t meet the requirements, I’ll find a replacement model.
Trey’s time is too valuable.
”
With a reassuring smile, Miley agreed and proceeded to approach Gina.
She demonstrated the desired poses and movements, particularly challenging since it was a couple swimsuit shoot, requiring close and intimate interactions between the models.
As fate would have it, Neville arrived at the scene, only to witness Miley wrapping her arms around Trey’s neck and leaning in close.
He watched them with a darkening expression, unable to hide his displeasure.
After the demonstration, Miley provided Gina with additional instructions and then called out to the director.
Her voice trailed off as she noticed Neville in the vicinity.
Miley’s eyes widened in shock.
Why had he shown up here so unexpectedly?
“What’s going on? Are we ready to proceed?” the director inquired impatiently.
Miley quickly gathered herself and responded, “Yes,” before stepping off the stage.
The shoot continued as planned.
Miley approached Neville, her voice barely above a whisper.
“Why are you here?”
Neville, sporting a mischievous smile, squinted at her.
“This is my business.
Can’t I drop by for a visit? Besides, it’s far too easy to get your schedule.
”
Miley responded with a perfunctory flattery.
“Wow, your influence is undeniable.
What brings you to me today?”
“I wanted to treat you to a meal,” Neville replied.
“It’s been a while since I’ve seen you, and I’ve missed you.
”
He approached her confidently, paying no heed to the presence of others around them.
Miley tried to convince herself that she had been in more significant situations before, so his words shouldn’t faze her.
However, her racing heart told a different story.
She was far from composed.
Blushing, Miley nodded in agreement.
###chapter904
Neville, seemingly well-prepared, escorted Miley to the top floor of the hotel, where there was high-class French restaurant.
From their seats, they had a breathtaking view of the sea below.
A impeccably dressed manager led them to their table.
Neville, ever the gentleman, pulled out a chair for Miley and placed the menu in front of her.
“What would you like to eat?”
Miley was touched by his considerate gestures.
As she perused the menu, she suddenly sensed someone approaching.
Raising her head, she spotted a gracefully attired lady standing before them.
Her hair was meticulously arranged in a bun, and she wore a hand-embroidered dress paired with a knitted cardigan.
A white pearl brooch adorned her chest, matching the round pearl necklace around her neck.
The woman exuded an air of elegance, though her face remained expressionless.
Before Miley could fully process the situation, the elegant lady had already arrived at their table.
“Mom, what brings you here?” Neville’s eyes widened in surprise.
Upon learning that it was Neville’s mother, Miley swiftly rose to her feet and greeted, “Nice to meet you, Mrs.
Pierce.
”
However, Amya Pierce seemed to pay her no mind, as though she hadn’t even heard Miley’s words.
Uncomfortably, Miley adjusted her hair and found herself torn between sitting back down or remaining on her feet.
Neville frowned, ready to speak, but Amya beat him to it.
“What are you doing here today? Don’t you have work at the company?”
She gazed at Neville, a warm smile adorning her face.
Her demeanor towards her son was markedly different from her attitude towards Miley.
Neville appeared displeased as he began, “I brought my friend here for a meal…”
Before he could properly introduce Miley, he was cut off by Amya.
“Friend?” Amya echoed, a faint smile on her lips.
“This lady seems rather unfamiliar.
How did you two meet? Why haven’t I heard of her before?”
“Because we’re not just ordinary friends.
” Neville walked over to Miley, his tone turning serious.
“Her name is Miley Cullen, and I’m actively pursuing a relationship with her.
”
He attempted to hold Miley’s hand, but she deftly evaded his grasp.
As Amya scrutinized Miley, a hint of panic flitted across the latter’s eyes.
###chapter905
Amya examined her for a few moments before raising an eyebrow.
“Miley Cullen? I don’t recall ever hearing that name.
What family does she come from?”
Miley bit her lip, a trace of embarrassment coloring her expression.
Just as she was about to respond, Neville came to her aid.
He dr@ped an arm around her shoulder and formally introduced her.
“Miley’s mother manages a company overseas.
Her father is a renowned doctor, and Miley herself runs a modeling agency here.
”
Amya observed Neville’s hand on Miley’s shoulder.
Miley, feeling self-conscious under Amya’s gaze, promptly withdrew from Neville’s touch and positioned herself a bit farther away.
Amya’s demeanor softened slightly as she averted her eyes.
With a gentle smile, she turned to Neville and asserted, “I have something to discuss with you.
Come with me.
”
With that, she turned and departed without acknowledging Miley any further.
‘s BunnyBookery
Once Miley had settled back into her seat, Neville followed his mother outside the restaurant.
At the restaurant’s entrance, Neville couldn’t help but voice his dissatisfaction.
“Mom, this isn’t like you.
Why were you so impolite to Miley today?”
“Are you blaming me now?” Amya’s voice carried a stern, unfriendly tone, her brows furrowing.
“No, Mom, that’s not what I meant.
I’m pursuing a relationship with Miley.
By treating her this way, you’re sending her a message that you’re not satisfied with her,” Neville quickly responded in a softer tone.
“Iam indeed not satisfied with her.
” Amya remained blunt in her response.
“You can have any girlfriend you want, and I won’t interfere with your romantic life.
But when it comes to choosing a wife, that decision rests with me.
Miley cannot be my daughter-in-law.
”
“Mom!” Neville’s voice rose.
“You’ve never really gotten to know Miley.
You don’t know the kind of person she is.
Making such a hasty judgment isn’t fair.
”
Amya didn’t beat around the bush and got straight to the point.
“I’ve already selected a suitable marriage partner for you.
Her family’s status is on par with ours, and they can provide valuable support to us.
As for the woman you know, she comes from an ordinary family.
I cannot accept her.
”
“I will only marry the woman I love.
I won’t agree to your choice of a marriage partner.
” Neville sniffed in mild exasperation at his mother’s stance.
“Your car has arrived.
I’m going to have dinner first.
”
###chapter906
With that, he turned away and headed back into the restaurant.
Neville regained his composure before returning to the table.
Miley expressed her frustration.
“Why didn’t you tell me in advance that your mother was coming?
She paused, reflecting on her actions in front of Amya, and couldn’t help feeling anxious.
“Did I do something wrong just now? Your mother seemed displeased.
”
Neville’s expression momentarily stiffened, but he quickly flashed a reassuring smile.
“Don’t overthink it.
My mother is actually quite pleased with you.
”
“Really?” Miley raised a skeptical brow, not entirely convinced.
Setting down his fork, Neville took Miley’s hand and said with sincerity, “Miley, I truly want to be with you.
”
Miley was taken aback by his sudden confession, her heart racing uncontrollably.
She was about to respond when her phone rang, interrupting the moment.
Apologizing, she withdrew her hand.
“Sorry, I have to answer the phone first.
”
It was Stella calling.
Miley swiftly pressed the answer key on her phone.
However, before she could utter a word, a soft sob came from the other end of the line.
Miley’s heart raced as she inquired, “Stella, what’s going on? Where are you?”
Stella promptly shared the hospital’s address.
“Hospital?” Miley sprang to her feet, hastily grabbing her bag.
“Why are you at the hospital? Where’s Matthew?”
Without a direct answer, Stella simply asked, “Are you busy right now?
Can you come and pick me up?”
“Wait for me.
I’m on my way.
” Miley hurriedly ended the call.
She stashed her phone into her bag and turned to Neville, saying, “I have an urgent matter to attend to.
Let’s have dinner another time.
”
###chapter907
With that, she swiftly exited the restaurant and hailed a taxi bound for the hospital.
When Miley arrived, Stella had just completed her infusion, and a nurse was removing the IV tube.
Stella was lost in thought, oblivious to Miley’s arrival.
“What happened? Why are you in the hospital?” Miley asked, her touch tender as she stroked Stella’s pallid face.
Stella attempted a smile and explained, “I have a fever.
I’m sorry for causing you worry again.
”
“Why have you become so weak? Miley frowned, her tone remained concerned.
“Do you have any lingering effects from the car accident?
Once you recover, we should schedule a thorough physical examination.
Shaking her head, Stella reassured her, “I’m fine.
I’ll take good care of myself.
”
“By the way, where’s Matthew? Why isn’t he here in the ward with you while you’re unwell?” Miley scanned the room, but there was no sign of him.
Stella blinked and confessed in a hushed tone, “We had an argument.
I’d like to stay at your house tonight, if that’s okay.
”
Seeing the pain in Stella’s eyes, Miley’s heart ached for her.
Without prying further, she held Stella’s shoulder and said, “You’re always welcome.
You can stay at my villa for as long as you need, not just tonight.
”
Stella looked at her gratefully, holding her hand and offering a relieved smile.
Miley gathered her belongings and helped Stella leave the ward.
As they stood at the hospital’s entrance, waiting for a taxi, Stella happened to notice a Rolls-Royce parked in a corner.
Stella knew it was Matthew’s car.
She glanced at it briefly, then redirected her attention as if nothing had happened, boarding the taxi with Miley.
Inside the car, Matthew watched Stella and the taxi pull away, his fingers tapping irritably on the steering wheel.
However, he kept a discreet distance and followed them closely.
It wasn’t until the taxi reached Prosper Bay, and he saw them safely entering Miley’s home, that Matthew felt a wave of relief wash over him.
He parked his car at Miley’s doorstep and gazed at the door for a while before being interrupted by an emergency call from Fernando, pulling him back into the affairs of Prosperity Group.
Back in his office, the image of his argument with Stella played on a loop in Matthew’s mind, fueling his discontent.
###chapter908
history with her.
This was a matter he couldn’t simply ignore.
Inside Miley’s home, Stella curled up on the sofa, her silence accompanied by a blank expression that weighed heavily on the atmosphere.
Unable to bear seeing Stella Like this, Miley attempted to break the silence, concerned.
“What happened between you and Matthew? Why did you suddenly have a quarrel?”
It was evident to all that Matthew had always treated Stella well, and he wouldn’t engage in an argument without a significant reason, even disregarding her illness.
Stella lowered her head and said softly, “Farris was suspended.
”
With a heavy heart, she proceeded to share the entire story with Miley.
After listening to Stella’s account, Miley found it hard to believe.
She contemplated for a moment and suggested, “There might be a misunderstanding here.
I don’t think Matthew is that kind of person, and…”
“Forget it, Miley.
You don’t need to defend him.
” Stella interrupted, her disappointment evident.
“He admitted it himself.
No one misunderstood him.
After this incident, I’ve seen through him.
He’s selfish, arrogant, and abuses his power…”
Perhaps fueled by her disappointment in Matthew, Stella continued to vent her anger, leaving Miley with no opportunity to interject.
After a while, Stella finally ceased her tirade.
She hadn’t fully recovered, and the lengthy conversation had left her exhausted.
She leaned against the sofa, murmuring, “I can’t let anger consume me.
I can’t let him influence me.
I have to meet with Alina tomorrow.
I need to be in my best state.
”
With that, she closed her eyes and drifted into slumber.
Miley sighed, feeling both powerless and deeply concerned.
She rose carefully, covering Stella with a warm blanket.
At that moment, Stella’s phone rang.
Fearing it might wake her, Miley hastily answered the call and glanced at the caller ID on the screen.
It was from Matthew.
“It’s Miley.
” Miley answered.
###chapter909
Matthew paused for a moment.
“Where’s Stella? I’d like to pick her up and head home.
”
“She’s asleep.
You can pick her up tomorrow when she wakes up.
”
Glancing at the peacefully sleeping Stella, Miley lowered her voice.
“If there’s nothing else, I’ll hang up now.
”
Matthew stopped her, his concern evident.
‘s BunnyBookery
“She hasn’t fully recovered yet.
We have maids at home to take care of her, which will help her recover faster.
Plus, I’d rather not postpone resolving the misunderstanding with her until tomorrow.
”
Miley fell silent, considering his words.
After a brief pause, she relented.
“Alright, you can come over now.
”
Less than five minutes after they ended the call, Matthew arrived.
Standing at the door, he asked softly, “How’s Stella been since she left the hospital? Is she still running a fever?”
“She’s fine now.
” Miley hesitated before posing a more direct question, her tone serious.
“Did you really have a hand in Farris’ suspension?”
Matthew frowned, clearly perplexed by her inquiry.
Miley didn’t mince words.
“Stella is furious about this.
She holds her grandpa in very high regard.
Farris saved her grandpa’s life, making him a hero in her eyes.
”
Matthew regarded her with an inscrutable expression.
After a few moments of contemplation, he finally admitted, “I had no involvement in Farris’ suspension.
”
Miley let out a sigh of relief but couldn’t help but harbor some doubt.
“But Stella claimed that you confessed to it.
”
Matthew clarified, “We were both caught up in anger at the time.
She’ll soon learn the truth.
I hope you can help her understand in the meantime, or she might misconstrue things.
”
Miley nodded and offered some insight.
“Stella, despite her grandpa’s kindness after adoption, still grapples with a lack of security.
###chapter910
Furthermore, your marriage was arranged by your families, and your relationship isn’t deeply rooted.
If you truly care for Stella, ensure she feels secure.
”
Observing Matthew’s puzzled expression, Miley cut to the chase.
“A wedding is every girl’s dream, but you and Stella currently only have a marriage certificate, devoid of a proper wedding ceremony.
To outsiders, it may seem Like you still have reservations about this marriage, as you haven’t even had a wedding.
”
Matthew grasped the implication and assured her, “I will do what needs to be done.
You don’t need to worry.
”
Miley didn’t press the matter further.
She turned to let Matthew inside.
“Stella is in the living room.
Bring her back home.
Let’s not make her any sadder in the future.
”
Matthew nodded in acknowledgment and proceeded inside.
In the living room, Stella lay on the sofa, peacefully asleep.
She didn’t stir as Matthew gently picked her up.
As he gazed at her slumbering face, Matthew felt a sense of calm wash over him, and he whispered, “I’m sorry.
”
The following day, when Stella awoke, she found herself in a spacious and well-lit bedroom, a stark contrast to the familiar surroundings of Miley’s villa.
Instead of a sofa beneath her, there was a large bed.
Startled, Stella sat up abruptly, her eyes widening in shock.
This was Matthew’s room, She glanced down at the clothes she was wearing, realizing they were the same ones she had worn the previous night.
However, there was no one else in the room except for her, and there was no indication that anyone had occupied the other side of the bed.
She frowned, unable to recall how she had ended up back at Matthew’s villa.
Stella threw off the covers and hurried downstairs.
On the first floor, she found Erin cleaning.
When Erin spotted her, she paused and greeted her with a warm smile.
“Mrs.
Clark, you’re awake.
Mr.
Clark prepared breakfast himself early this morning.
”
Stella responded with an awkward smile.
She looked around, trying to act as though nothing unusual had happened.
“Erin, where’s Matthew?”
“He seemed have gone on a business trip.
He left in a hurry,” Erin replied and set the tableware.
As Stella was about to say something further, breaking news flashed on the TV in the living room.
“Farris Barnes from Seamarsh Hospital, who had been suspended, has now been reinstated.
His suspension was due to false accusations made by a colleague from the same department, and the colleague has since been dismissed…”
Stella found herself in a state of shock, her gaze fixated on the television screen.
###chapter911
If Farris had indeed been framed by his colleague, did that mean she had completely misunderstood Matthew?
What about the words she had spoken to him just yesterday?
Stella’s thoughts were in turmoil.
“Mrs.
Clark…” Erin called her multiple times, noticing Stella’s distraction.
“Your phone has been ringing.
”
Stella averted her gaze from the TV and slowly reached for her phone.
It was a call from Farris.
She turned down the volume on the TV and cleared her throat before answering.
“Stella, it’s me, Farris,” he said, his tone surprisingly cheerful.
“I’m alright now.
I apologize for causing you worry yesterday.
”
Stella nodded, her voice tinged with concern.
“What happened to you?”
Farris explained, “This morning, the hospital received an anonymous report letter detailing the events surrounding my frame-up.
I’m not entirely clear on the details, but the hospital is in the process of reinstating me as we speak.
”
Stella’s expression tensed.
Something had clicked in her mind, and she inquired, her voice grave, “Do you know who sent the report letter?”
“I have no idea.
The hospital staff didn’t disclose the sender’s i
dentity.
But I must express my gratitude to whoever sent that letter.
Thanks to that, I can now prove my innocence,” Farris said excitedly.
“I’m relieved to hear you’re alright,” Stella responded sincerely.
“I won’t keep you from your work any longer.
We’ll catch up again soon.
”
After bidding farewell to Farris, Stella ended the call and couldn’t help but feel overwhelmed with guilt towards Matthew.
She had been so certain yesterday that he had abused his power, leading her to confront him without restraint.
She was at a loss how to make amends for the damage her misunderstanding had caused.
“Erin, has Matthew mentioned when he’ll be returning?” Stella inquired in a gentler tone.
Erin shook her head.
###chapter912
“No.
”
Stella gestured for Erin to continue with her tasks and sank into the sofa, rubbing her temples and sighing with deep regret.
She shouldn’t have acted on impulse.
During breakfast, Stella’s restlessness persisted as she continued to mull over her misunderstanding of Matthew.
She frequently checked her phone in the hopes of reaching out to him, but the fear of disrupting his work and the lack of a valid reason to contact him held her back.
Perhaps, Matthew’s decision to embark on a business trip at this time was to allow her some time to calm down.
With this realization, her unease began to subside.
After enjoying the breakfast Matthew had prepared for her, Stella headed to her studio to prepare for her collaboration with Blue Flame.
Concerning the misunderstanding with Matthew, Stella had resolved to have a face-to-face conversation with him when he returned.
In a villa in Highwyn, Matthew was seated on the living room sofa with his legs crossed.
After a brief wait, a middle-aged man in casual attire emerged.
Despite his middle age, he appeared well-maintained, tall, strong, and exuded an air of elegance.
Upon seeing the newcomer, Matthew stood up and extended a greeting.
“Hello, Dr.
Aguilar.
I’m Matthew Clark.
”
Mateo Aguilar was a renowned post-traumatic therapist.
Matthew had attempted to schedule an appointment with him several times and had finally secured an early morning meeting, prompting his rush to Highwyn.
Mateo gestured for Matthew to take a seat and promptly inquired about the situation.
Matthew provided a succinct overview of Stella’s condition.
“My wife appears to have fleeting memories resurface when she encounters car accidents.
Is there a method to assist her in recovering her lost memories?”
“Yes,” Mateo replied succinctly.
Matthew’s face lit up with hope.
“What are the chances of success?
Are there any potential risks involved?”
Mateo regarded him seriously and responded, “Conservatively, there’s an 80% chance of success.
As for the risks, any medical procedure or treatment carries inherent risks, but I will make every effort to minimize them.
You should discuss this with the patient.
”
###chapter913
After contemplating for a few moments, Matthew added, “At the time of the accident, my wife was very young, around three or four years old.
Is it possible for her to remember events from that distant past?”
Mateo deliberated for a moment before replying, “I will do my utmost to help her recover her memories.
But if you want me to travel to Seamarsh to provide treatment for the patient, the cost will be significantly higher.
”
“Money is not a concern,” Matthew affirmed.
“As long as you’re willing to help my wife recover, any amount is acceptable.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
In Stella’s studio, an influx of individuals dispatched by Blue Flame brought an instant vibrancy to the atmosphere.
Stella couldn’t help but feel a slight pressure settling in.
It was evident that Blue Flame held Alina’s dress design in high regard.
Amidst her contemplation, Blue Flame’s representative handed her a document.
“This contains all the intricate details about Alina.
You should peruse it to gain insights into her style.
Mia will contact you soon to schedule a meeting.
”
“So soon?” Stella voiced her surprise, noticing the peculiar expression on the director’s face.
Yet, the representative remained tight-lipped, merely urging her to study the document thoroughly before returning to work.
Stella took a moment to delve into the information provided.
In the bustling studio, employees exchanged hushed comments, casting complex glances her way.
“Alina has quite the reputation for being a handful.
This new designer seems accommodating.
She’s in for a rough ride.
”
“I heard the reason they sought another designer for Alina in Seamarsh is because she’s incredibly particular.
She’s dismissed eight top designers consecutively.
The company had no other recourse but to find a fresh face.
Even insiders are wary of taking on Alina’s orders.
”
“It appears this designer isn’t well-known, and her portfolio lacks significant pieces.
She might just become the ninth designer to be shown the door.
”
“What a shame! She probably thought collaborating with Blue Flame would boost her fame, only to end up with such a finicky client.
”
The consensus among the staff seemed to be that Stella wouldn’t fare well with Alina.
Stella sat there, stunned, her hand pausing on the document she was flipping through.
Although the discussions were conducted in subdued tones, Stella couldn’t help but focus on every word.
She hadn’t anticipated hearing such news.
Nervousness and excitement swirled within her, a curious mix of emotions as she contemplated what lay ahead.
This marked Stella’s maiden venture into designing for a top-tier female star.
She harbored the belief that her unwavering dedication would undoubtedly win Alina’s approval.
Once Stella finished perusing the document, Mia called her, instructing her to meet at the hotel.
###chapter914
Stella brought the gathered information and her portfolio, setting off alongside Blue Flame’s team.
In Seamarsh Hotel, the waiter placed two cups of coffee on the table and politely excused himself.
Mia, with a composed demeanor, reached for her coffee and cast an indifferent gaze across the table at Alina.
Alina appeared nonchalant, her hands resting casually.
She exuded an air of icy sophistication, her captivating looks making her a rare beauty.
Perhaps this very allure played a part in her sustained top status and unwavering popularity.
However, her temperament…
Mia took a sip of coffee, placed the cup down.
“I’ve secured a new designer for you, Stella.
She will take charge of your dress for the upcoming award ceremony.
I’ll be leaving Seamarsh soon.
Should you encounter any issues, you can liaise with Stella.
”
Alina met Mia’s gaze in silence, her slender fingers leisurely encircling the coffee cup as she took another casual sip.
Mia recognized that Alina had absorbed her words and chose not to elaborate further, allowing a tense silence to envelop the room.
Before long, a faint sound emanated from the door, signaling the arrival of Blue Flame’s director, leading Stella into the room.
‘s BunnyBookery
At first glance, Stella recognized Alina, who appeared even more resplendent and aloof in person than in her photos.
With her bag clenched nervously, Stella summoned her composure and addressed Alina.
“Hello, Miss Walker.
I’m Stella Anderson.
I’ll be overseeing your dress design from now on.
It’s a pleasure to meet …”
Alina cast a brief, scrutinizing glance at Stella before directing her gaze to Mia.
“Why have you chosen such a designer for me?” she inquired, her tone laced with disdain.
Alina’s words felt like an insult.
Stella frowned, feeling deeply uncomfortable under the top star’s humiliating gaze.
However, she knew that in order to ensure smooth cooperation in the future, she had to endure it.
With a stiff smile, she pursed her lips and said nothing.
The disdain on Alina’s face was painfully evident, and Mia couldn’t stand it any longer.
Her voice took on a serious tone as she defended her choice.
“Stella is the best designer I’ve selected this time.
Have you seen her designs?”
Taking a sip of her coffee, Alina replied nonchalantly, “I haven’t had the time to, but.
.
”
###chapter915
She set her coffee cup down and gave Stella a critical once-over, a trace of disdain reappearing on her face.
“She’s wearing some absurd outfit.
It doesn’t pique my interest.
I can tell she’s not a professional designer.
I wouldn’t want her to affect my career.
”
She snorted, then turned her attention back to her coffee, examining it with an air of indifference.
Stella glanced down at her attire.
She wore a simple white T-shirt and overalls, chosen for practicality at work.
There would be times when she needed to create prototypes herself and it wasn’t very convenient to wear formal clothing in those situations.
She had assumed her meeting with Alina was for design discussions, so she hadn’t bothered to dress up formally.
“I apologize, Miss Walker.
I typically opt for simpler attire while working.
How thoughtless of me!” Stella said sincerely.
“But judging my professionalism solely based on my outfit seems rather arbitrary.
Sonny Murray didn’t major in design either, and he didn’t become a real designer until he was in his forties.
I’m confident that I can create a dress that will satisfy you.
”
Alina snorted and turned to gaze at her without saying a word, her smile sending shivers down Stella’s spine.
Stella took a deep breath and maintained her composure.
A thin Layer of sweat formed on her back.
Just as she was about to break eye contact, Alina looked away first and spoke in a flat tone.
“Well, you can give it a try.
”
Stella breathed a sigh of relief and smiled.
However, Alina continued, her tone light, “But I must add that Sonny Murray had a decent background, and he emerged as a designer during a time when public aesthetic sensibilities were rather muddled.
So, he may not be the most convincing example.
”
Stella furrowed her brow, unsure of how to respond.
Fortunately, Alina chose not to persist in making things difficult for her and instead countered her initial criticism.
“For Mia’s sake, I can give you a chance.
” A faint smile graced Alina’s Lips.
Mia gestured for Stella to take her seat, steering the conversation back to the main purpose of the meeting with a warm smile.
“Stella, this is your first collaboration with Alina, and you two are not very familiar with each other.
That’s why I arranged this meeting today.
I want you to get acquainted and discuss the dress design ideas.
”
Stella expressed her gratitude with a smile directed at Mia.
After regaining her composure, she turned to Alina and inquired, “Miss Walker, what color palettes and dress styles do you usually prefer?”
Alina replied, “I don’t have any specific requirements, as long as I like the dress you design.
By the way, I’ll only give you three days.
In three days, I want to see your initial draft.
If I’m not satisfied with it, I’m afraid.
.
###chapter916
She turned away, maintaining a smile that seemed forced.
“I’ll have to ask Mia to find another designer.
”
Stella felt a surge of nervousness and stress.
Under Alina’s scrutinizing gaze, she put on a facade of calmness and nodded in agreement.
That night, Stella stayed in the studio until very late.
When she returned to Prosper Bay, she found the villa empty, recalling that Matthew was away on a business trip.
She leaned against the sofa and closed her eyes, having spent the entire night pondering Alina’s dress design.
She felt lost and overwhelmed.
At that moment, she yearned to hear Matthew’s voice.
Stella glanced at her phone but found no message from him.
A tinge of disappointment washed over her.
Perhaps Matthew thought she was still upset and was hesitant to message her.
With this in mind, Stella composed a message to Matthew.
“When will you return from your business trip?”
The message had been sent, but the reply remained elusive.
Stella, in anticipation, decided to occupy herself with drawing.
After a while, a text message from Matthew lit up her phone screen.
“I’ll be back soon.
How did your meeting with Alina go?
Stella hesitated, her fingers hovering over the keyboard, typing and erasing words repeatedly.
In the end, she opted for a more direct approach and initiated a video call with Matthew.
Meanwhile, Matthew was engrossed in a game of chess with Mateo.
The sudden video call request from Stella caught him off guard.
He rose from his seat and informed Mateo, “I need to take my wife’s call.
”
Mateo nodded in understanding.
Matthew proceeded to the balcony to answer the call.
The screen displayed the living room of Matthew’s villa.
Stella, sitting on the sofa, was eager to speak but found herself at a Loss for words.
Breaking the silence, Matthew smiled gently and asked, “Are you feeling better?”
Stella nodded and replied, “I’m fine now.
I met Alina today, but it seems she doesn’t quite like me.
Mia vouched for me, but Alina gave me just three days to complete the sketch.
If she’s not satisfied, she might consider changing the designer.
”
Matthew listened attentively, feeling a sense of closeness despite the physical distance.
###chapter917
The misunderstandings and conflicts of the past seemed to fade away in this moment.
They were just an ordinary couple, and he cherished the tranquility they shared.
After Stella finished speaking, Matthew reassured her, “Don’t be too anxious.
You’ve already designed a dress for Mrs.
Burke, and she publicly praised your work.
Mia also recognizes your talent, so have confidence in your abilities.
”
Stella looked down, lost in thought.
Matthew was about to say something more.
However, his attention was diverted when someone tapped him on the shoulder.
Frowning, he turned around to find Leslie Aguilar, Mateo’s daughter.
Quickly, he lowered the phone to prevent her from appearing on the screen.
“My apologies for interrupting.
I poured you a glass of milk.
Would you like to have some?” Leslie asked gently, holding a glass of milk.
‘s BunnyBookery
“No, thank you,” Matthew declined abruptly.
“I’m on a call.
Is there something you need?”
Leslie disregarded his refusal and persisted.
“I’ll leave the milk in the living room.
Please remember to drink it when you’re finished with your call.
”
With that, she turned and entered the room.
Matthew, appearing uninterested, shifted his attention back to the phone, but Stella’s face was no longer on the screen.
“I heard a girl’s voice just now.
Who was that?” Stella’s voice carried a note of discontent.
Matthew pondered for a moment and replied vaguely, “She’s a client’s daughter.
”
“Then come back soon.
I need to work on the sketch,” Stella muttered in a subdued tone before abruptly ending the call.
As Stella was about to put her phone away, a message from Matthew appeared on the screen.
“I’ve returned to the hotel.
I’ll come back to be with you as soon as possible.
”
After reading the message, Stella hesitated for a few seconds and simply replied with a “good night.
” She then activated the “Do Not Disturb” mode on her phone and went to bed.
The next day arrived.
Stella, accompanied by Kay, the assistant provided by Blue Flame, made their way to the Seamarsh Theater, which was set to host various shows.
The venue had already been beautifully decorated, and Stella hoped to draw inspiration from the surroundings.
Upon reaching the theater, Stella and Kay engaged in conversation while making their way inside, oblivious to the fact that a black car had been tailing them throughout their journey.
###chapter918
The man in the driver’s seat maintained an inscrutable expression as he kept his eyes fixed on Stella.
As Stella and Kay walked towards the theater, the man got out of the car.
The man was none other than Greg, who had recently been released from prison.
He then removed his sunglasses, revealing a face etched with bitterness and resentment.
His icy and intense gaze lingered on the entrance where he had last seen Stella’s retreating figure.
He couldn’t shake off the memory of the party where a brief encounter with Stella had spiraled into a catastrophe.
His interaction with her had inadvertently provoked Matthew, leading to significant losses for his family and his subsequent imprisonment.
His father, Ezekiel, had spent a fortune to get him out of prison, and it was only then that Greg discovered Stella was Matthew’s wife.
The couple had fooled him.
After Greg’s release from prison, Ezekiel advised him to start afresh and steer clear of Matthew.
Greg reluctantly agreed, knowing he couldn’t confront someone even his father couldn’t dare to cross.
As fate would have it, he spotted Stella while driving past the theater.
He hadn’t seen her in so long and couldn’t help but gasp at how stunning she was.
Time had only increased her allure, reigniting the suppressed desires within him.
Greg felt it was the perfect opportunity to satiate his passions and strike back at Matthew.
Since Matthew had sent him to prison, raping his wife seemed like an ideal form of retribution.
With these dark thoughts swirling in his mind, Greg smirked maliciously.
He slid his sunglasses back on and entered the theater, his eyes were full of greed.
Stella had proactively notified the theater staff of her visit.
Once she and Kay arrived, they were promptly greeted by an attentive staff member who enthusiastically showed them around.
Pointing at the people working on the set, he said, “These are the designers in charge of the field design this time.
They are taking measurements right now.
Considering the geographical location of Seamarsh, they will follow the sea theme for decoration…”
Stella attentively documented each detail on her phone, nodding appreciatively at the staff’s thorough explanations.
After concluding the tour, the staff member checked his watch and said, “I have another commitment now.
Everything I’ve mentioned is what you need to know.
Please feel free to take your time here.
If you need any help, please contact me.
”
“Thank you very much,” Stella responded, offering a grateful smile.
Once the staff member and designers left, Stella found a quiet spot to observe the theater’s Layout more closely.
The venue’s circular architecture intrigued her, especially considering how it would afford guests a closer view of the performers’ outfits.
Her mind buzzed with ideas for enhancing the design sketch with intricate details.
Her thoughts, however, were abruptly interrupted as the theater lights went out, plunging the space into darkness.
“What happened? Why is the power out?” Kay asked, panicking.
Not being able to see anything, Stella also felt a twinge of fear but remained composed.
“Kay, please check with the staff about what’s happening.
If it’s a power outage, find out when they expect to restore it.
If it’s going to be a long wait, we should head back.
”
###chapter919
“Okay.
I’ll go check.
”
Kay quickly turned on her phone’s flashlight before heading out.
Stella listened to Kay’s retreating footsteps, then switched on her own flashlight and located a seat to wait in the darkness.
No sooner had she settled into the seat than the sound of footsteps echoed from the entrance, quickly followed by the door shutting.
“Kay, is that you?” Stella called out, puzzled.
She doubted Kay would return so soon.
“Did the staff explain the power outage?”
Shining her flashlight towards the door, all she could make out was a shadowy figure in the backlight, eerily silent.
Stella’s unease grew as the figure moved closer without a word.
“Kay, why aren’t you responding?” she called out again, her voice tinged with worry.
As she rose, illuminating the floor with the flashlight, she saw a person’s face inches away from hers.
A wave of horror washed over her.
“Greg?” she gasped.
“Miss Anderson… Or rather, Mrs.
Clark now, isn’t it?” Greg’s voice dripped with sarcasm.
His eyes narrowed.
“Wow, you still remember me.
I had no idea I’d run into you here.
What a surprise.
”
His tone was biting and filled with venom.
As Stella’s gaze locked with Greg’s, her heart pounded with fear.
“Did you cut the power?” she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.
“Yes, that was my doing.
” Greg’s response came with a chilling laugh.
“Your assistant won’t be returning anytime soon.
It’s just you and me here now.
Let’s finish what we started last time.
I’ve never made love in a theater, but…”
As Greg spoke, he rubbed his hands together and looked at Stella lewdly.
Feeling nauseous, Stella dashed towards the door in a desperate attempt to escape, only to be abruptly yanked back by Greg’s forceful grip.
Stella, gripped by a mix of shock and fear, winced in pain as she desperately called out, “Help! Kay? Is there anyone outside?”
Greg’s sinister laughter echoed in the dark space as he threw her forcefully to the floor, towering over her with a menacing presence.
###chapter920
Struggling to rise amidst her pain, Stella shouted, “Greg, please, spare me.
Whatever you want, I’ll give it to you.
Just don’t touch Greg’s grin only broadened.
Feeding off Stella’s struggle, his desire grew with each of her movements.
He reached out, caressing Stella’s face with unbridled audacity.
“I just want you.
What could be more enticing than Matthew’s wife?”
“f@ck off!” Overwhelmed with disgust, Stella pushed Greg with all her might.
However, his body was like an immovable wall.
Laughing, he leaned in closer once again.
The scent of Stella seemed to invigorate him further as he inhaled deeply.
“Don’t touch me! Leave me alone!” Stella’s voice was thick with desperation, her pleas echoing louder in the pitch-dark theater.
As Greg leaned in for a ki*s, a sudden loud bang resounded, followed by brisk, steady footsteps.
A beam of light pierced through the darkness from the entrance.
Feeling Greg’s grip loosen, Stella, still in a daze, didn’t focus on who had arrived.
She quickly rolled away from him.
The sound of bones cracking and Greg’s agonized cries filled the air.
She froze in shock, only to feel a warm, strong hand gently take hold of her arm.
“It’s over,” came a familiar voice, bringing a rush of emotions.
“Matthew?” Stella’s voice quivered.
The next moment, she was clinging tightly to Matthew, and her tears were flowing uncontrollably.
“When did you get back?” she managed to ask between sobs.
Matthew wrapped an arm around her waist.
“I wanted to surprise you.
It’s over now.
Stop crying.
And don’t worry.
I’ve already sent Blue Flame’s assistant away.
”
Gradually finding comfort in his presence, Stella let out a deep, affirming sigh.
After a few moments, Stella’s attention shifted to Greg’s cries.
“Don’t let him get away this time,” she said to Matthew, clenching her jaw.
Before she could say more, a cheerful voice called out from the doorway, “Matthew, I’ve already called the police.
”
Stella’s brow furrowed in recognition of the voice, which seemed vaguely familiar.
###chapter921
She turned to the entrance and saw a young, attractive girl with big, expressive eyes.
Leslie looked at Stella with admiration, clearly impressed by Matthew’s tender care for her.
Approaching the couple, Leslie’s face broke into a slight smile as she greeted Stella.
Regaining her composure, Stella politely responded, “Hello, I’m Matthew’s wife, Stella.
”
Then, turning to Matthew, she asked, “Who is this young lady?”
A flicker of recognition crossed Stella’s mind as she recalled hearing the girl’s voice.
While she was chatting with Matthew on the video call the previous night, he said the girl was a client’s daughter.
But what was she doing here in Seamarsh?
“This is Leslie Aguilar.
I met her while looking for a doctor during my business trip.
” Matthew smiled as he introduced the woman to his wife.
‘s BunnyBookery
“A doctor?” Stella asked, confused.
“Yes, you were trying to recover your memories, right? Leslie’s father is a specialist in that area,” Matthew explained.
Stella locked eyes with Matthew, feeling a rush of gratitude that nearly overwhelmed her.
Suddenly, the lights abruptly illuminated the theater.
With the room now brightly lit, Stella saw Greg crumpled on the floor, which only heightened her gratitude towards Matthew for his timely intervention.
Her feelings for him deepened in that moment of relief.
“Let’s go home,” Matthew said, taking Stella’s hand and guiding her to the exit.
As Stella’s fingers intertwined with his, she noticed the icy chill of his skin and a subtle tremor.
“Matthew?” she called out softly as she noticed beads of sweat on his forehead.
Suddenly, it hit Stella that being in the dark, enclosed theater for so long had triggered Matthew’s claustrophobia.
She clasped his hand as they made their way out of the theater.
“Are you okay? Should we go to the hospital?” she asked, her voice Laced with worry.
“It’s nothing serious.
I’ll be fine,” Matthew responded, his lips pale.
He mustered a smile to alleviate Stella’s concerns.
However, Stella’s anxiety only grew.
Desperate to soothe Matthew but unsure how to help, she felt helpless as she watched him tremble.
“We really should get you to a hospital.
” She gripped his arm firmly and guided him towards their car.
But then, Matthew’s condition worsened, his vision blurring as he started to lose consciousness.
###chapter922
Stella, struggling to support his weight, felt overwhelmed.
Leslie, quickly noticing Matthew’s deteriorating state, squatted before him with a worried expression.
She spoke softly, maintaining her composure.
“Matthew, Listen to me.
Do as I say.
Take deep breaths.
Imagine you’re in a spacious, comfortable, and safe place…”
Gently, she guided him through the process.
Clutching Matthew’s hand, Stella sensed him gradually relaxing.
‘s BunnyBookery
She turned to Leslie with deep gratitude.
“Thank you, Leslie.
Your presence has been a blessing.
I wouldn’t have known what to do without you.
”
As Matthew gradually regained his composure, Leslie let out a sigh of relief.
She turned to Stella, her smile warm and reassuring.
“Matthew is a client of my father’s.
It’s my responsibility to help him Leslie then directed her attention to Matthew.
Her voice grew soft with concern as she asked, “Matthew, do you have claustrophobia? If so, you should also seek psychological treatment.
Otherwise…”
Stella felt a twinge of discomfort upon observing the concerned expression on Leslie’s face.
Torn between concern for Matthew’s health and a sense of intimacy between him and Leslie, she observed the exchange quietly.
“I’m fine.
” Noticing Stella’s shifting emotions, Matthew embraced her.
“Right now, my wife is my priority.
”
Stella’s heart skipped a beat as she met Matthew’s gaze.
“We’ll go see Dr.
Mateo Aguilar after dinner, okay?” he asked softly, lowering his head.
His tender and assertive voice gave Stella a sense of security.
“Okay.
” She nodded, her smile reflecting her trust in his decision.
After that, Matthew turned to Leslie, indicating that it was time for her to leave.
“Thank you, Leslie.
I’ll be taking my wife out for dinner now.
”
Leslie understood Matthew’s subtle hint.
With a slight purse of her lips, she bid them farewell.
###chapter923
“Alright, I’ll inform my dad about your appointment tonight.
I won’t intrude further.
”
“Thank you,” Matthew replied politely.
After Leslie left, Stella’s gaze lingered on Matthew.
“Are you sure you’re okay? Do you think we should go to the hospital for a check-up?”
Matthew tenderly caressed her cheek as a soft smile spread across his face.
“I’m really okay; don’t worry.
”
Stella’s eyes brimmed with tears as she hugged him tightly.
“I missed you so much,” she whispered.
Surprise flickered in Matthew’s eyes, but he quickly enveloped her in a warm embrace.
“I’ve missed you too.
I’m sorry for earlier.
I should have approached the situation more calmly, rather than arguing…”
“Stop it.
It was all my fault,” Stella interjected, her voice muffled against his chest.
“I was the one who misunderstood.
”
Matthew gently lifted her chin and pressed his forehead against hers.
“How about you treat me to dinner tonight, then? Let’s put this behind us and start afresh, okay?”
“Of course!” Stella’s face lit up, her lips forming a broad smile.
Matthew and Stella arranged for Mateo to visit Prosper Bay after dinner.
It was Stella’s first meeting with the doctor, and she noticed a faint resemblance to Leslie.
“Hello, Dr.
Aguilar.
I’m Stella,” Stella said, greeting him warmly.
Mateo nodded in acknowledgment and stated his name before getting straight to the point.
“Mr.
Clark, is the treatment room ready?”
Matthew nodded.
Mateo had recommended conducting the treatment in a familiar setting, believing it would facilitate a more comfortable and effective session.
He had, therefore, asked Matthew to set up the necessary arrangements beforehand.
Matthew led Mateo to Stella’s room so he could begin the treatment right away.
As Stella sat facing Mateo, she felt nervous.
Matthew stood behind her, offering silent support.
###chapter924
Mateo Looked calm and composed as he instructed Stella, “Please make yourself comfortable and relax.
We’ll start the treatment shortly.
Let’s watch a video first.
”
Stella gave a slight nod.
She clenched her fist for a moment before letting her fingers relax on her lap.
Casting a glance at Matthew, she found comfort in his presence.
As Stella fixed her eyes on the TV screen, Mateo played a harrowing video depicting a severe car collision.
It showed a heavy-duty truck colliding with a sedan at high speed, flipping it over.
The smaller vehicle skidded for a hundred meters from the impact.
As it scr@ped against the road, sparks flying and smoke billowing from the car’s hood.
There were shards of glass scattered everywhere.
The graphic scenes sent Stella into a state of distress.
She couldn’t breathe.
Sweat trickled down her back, forehead, and palms.
She instinctively averted her eyes, struggling to cope with the intense imagery.
Mateo closely monitored Stella’s reaction as she went into a trance-like state.
“Are you feeling uncomfortable?” he asked with a straight face.
Stella, trying to stabilize her breathing, simply nodded in response.
“Did this video trigger any memories for you?” Mateo pressed on.
While Stella’s mind wrestled with fragmented memories struggling to resurface, she shook her head.
Her attempts to regulate her emotions proved futile.
“Stella, Lift your head and take a good look at the video.
Does anything come to your mind?” Mateo’s tone became more assertive.
Stella gave the screen another fleeting glance before turning away, her discomfort intensifying.
“No… I don’t want… I don’t want to see it…”
Matthew’s brows furrowed.
He held her hand and wrapped his other arm around her, drawing her close.
“It’s okay.
It’s just a video,” he whispered soothingly.
However, Stella’s turmoil only escalated.
She pulled away from Matthew’s comforting embrace, her face getting pale.
“This is nonsense.
I can’t do this anymore.
I want to leave.
”
A whirlwind of emotion engulfed Stella, compelling her to speak words that seemed uncharacteristic of her.
Matthew’s face grew stern as he observed her state.
Turning to Mateo, he spoke with concern.
“She’s not in the right frame of mind at the moment.
Perhaps we should postpone this session.
”
Mateo remained silent, his gaze intensely focused on Stella.
“Does this video scare you? What exactly are you afraid of? The blood, the accident, or the thought of the deceased?”
###chapter925
Stella shut her eyes tight as if to shut out Mateo’s questions.
In the darkness that followed, a memory from her past flashed before her.
She couldn’t tell if it was a dream or reality.
She envisioned a man and a woman.
The man lay bloodied on the ground, and the woman, struggling to breathe, clutched Stella’s hand.
“No… Please don’t leave me,” Stella shouted, her breath catching in her throat.
In that fleeting moment, the woman’s face became clear to Stella.
She had a kind face and tangled hair.
Her body was covered in wounds of varying depths.
“I’m sorry… I’m so sorry…” Stella murmured, tears streaming down her cheeks as she succumbed to unconsciousness.
“Stella…” Matthew’s breath hitched, and he glanced down at Stella, only to find her already unconscious.
Tears streaked her face, giving her a deathly pallor.
Startled, Matthew embraced her tightly.
“Stella, wake up.
”
But his plea was met with silence.
Turning to Mateo with a mix of concern and accusation, Matthew asked, “What’s happening? Why did she faint?”
“Her reaction was expected,” Mateo replied calmly, while turning off the car accident video.
‘s BunnyBookery
“These methods are too extreme for her,” Matthew said in a hushed tone, his worry evident.
Mateo remained impassive.
“This is just the first treatment.
Her stress reaction is normal.
Don’t worry.
I know how to handle it and when to stop.
”
Matthew frowned, somewhat reassured by Mateo’s assurance.
However, a pang of guilt pierced him as he observed Stella’s pale face.
If he had known the treatment would cause such pain, he’d rather chose not to help her recover her memories.
Tenderly stroking Stella’s face, he turned to Mateo.
“What do we do now? When will my wife wake up?”
Mateo handed him a box of medication.
“Give her this.
If she recalls anything before fainting upon waking, it means the treatment’s effective.
”
Darkened by uncertainty, Matthew accepted the medicine.
“Thank you.
I’ll contact you once she wakes.
”
###chapter926
Mateo nodded silently.
Placing the medicine on the table, Matthew carefully laid Stella on the bed and covered her.
He glanced at the medicine left by Mateo, feeling uncertain.
After pondering for a moment, he video-called Cordell.
Showing Cordell the medicine, Matthew asked, “Can you identify this medicine?”
“That’s just a common sedative,” Cordell answered honestly.
“What’s wrong? Are you having trouble sleeping?”
“No,” Matthew replied.
“Are you certain it’s only a sedative?”
“Yeah,” Cordell said.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Who gave it to you? Why are you so cautious?”
Matthew looked at Stella, who was still unconscious.
“We’ll discuss this later.
I have other matters to attend to.
”
With that, he hung up the video call.
He took a glass of water and returned to the room.
Perched on the edge of the expansive bed, he gently raised Stella from beneath the blanket, securing her with one arm around her waist to ensure she didn’t slip away from his embrace.
In his other hand, he held a spoon with warm water containing a dissolved pill.
As he touched Stella’s Lips with the spoon, she promptly expelled its contents, perhaps reacting to the bitterness of the dissolved pill.
Matthew attempted several more times, but Stella continued to struggle to swallow the solution.
Gazing at her intently, Matthew retrieved a fresh pill from the nightstand, opening it before taking a sip of water himself.
Leaning down, he tenderly ki*sed her soft lips, carefully transferring the water containing the pill into her mouth.
Stella’s throat moved slightly, eventually facilitating the pill to slide down and be ingested.
Exhaling in relief, Matthew ki*sed her once more before gently Laying her back down.
Stella slept until dawn.
Upon opening her eyes, she found herself in the familiar pink-hued room she had previously occupied.
She rubbed her eyes and noticed someone beside her.
###chapter927
Startled, she turned her head and found Matthew’s handsome face looming close to hers.
Their breaths mingled, their proximity causing her cheeks to flush suddenly.
Matthew lay in the bed, eyes closed.
A faint sound caught his attention, causing him to snap his eyes open abruptly.
Noticing Stella was awake, he relaxed, offered a smile, and asked, “You’re awake? How do you feel? Do you have any discomfort?”
Stella was not used to Matthew tenderly caring for her.
She sat up and asked, “Why did I pass out? Did Dr.
Aguilar say anything?”
Matthew also sat up and asked, “Do you remember what happened yesterday?”
Stella frowned thoughtfully before saying, “Yes.
I remember Dr.
Aguilar showing me the video of the car accident yesterday…”
She cut herself short and stared down, lost in thought.
Matthew asked worriedly, “Do you remember anything?”
Stella rubbed her temples, nodded, and said, “I remember what happened up before I passed out.
If the car accident really happened, it means my mother is still alive.
”
As soon as she was done talking, she hurriedly lifted the quilt and got out of bed.
“Slow down,” Matthew called after her as he stood up.
Stella picked up a pen and paper and drew down the image of her mother as it was in her mind.
But the memory was quite vague, and it was quite hard for her to draw her facial features.
Matthew, standing beside her, observed the graceful outline of her drawing and intuitively discerned its subject.
Silently, he watched Stella with keen interest.
A furrow appeared on her forehead as she tightly gripped her pencil.
Despite her earnest efforts to recall, the details eluded her.
In a moment of frustration, she set the pen down in dismay.
Matthew gently comforted her with a reassuring pat on the shoulder, saying, “Don’t dwell on what you can’t remember.
The treatment has just started, and a lot could unfold.
You’ve just woken up.
Don’t push yourself too hard.
”
Stella gazed at the incomplete outline on the paper.
After thoughtful moments, she conceded that Matthew was correct.
She needed to take it slow.
After all, those memories were from her childhood.
A complete recollection would take time.
Her top priority was to finish the design sketch Alina had asked for as quickly as possible.
Matthew looked at his watch and said, “Go wash yourself, then come down for breakfast.
I have to be at the company to deal with something.
I’ll take you out later tonight.
”
After they both had breakfast, Matthew went out.
###chapter928
Stella sat in front of the computer.
The images from yesterday’s treatment were still quite vivid in her mind.
She rubbed her face with her palms and tried not to think about it anymore.
She then turned on the tablet.
Focused on the design, she began to draw.
However, after a few strokes, she found that she had no inspiration.
She put down the tablet and opened up her Twitter app.
It had been a while since she had last logged in to the account.
She began randomly scrolling through her old drawings, trying to find inspiration.
By doing this, she was able to find inspiration and modify the sketch as she drew.
She didn’t stop drawing until it was six o’clock in the evening, when Matthew called her and asked her to come downstairs.
They had dinner in a restaurant chosen by Matthew.
After the dinner, he took her to the cinema to see a movie.
He had chosen a romantic suspense movie.
They were the only ones in the theater.
Stella was not used to it.
However, as the movie progressed, she gradually began to love it.
In the movie, the hero and heroine met again after a long separation.
The first thing the hero had done was to propose to the heroine.
Stella stole a glance at Matthew.
She was going to say something, but then she changed her mind.
There were some things that she hadn’t thought of before, but as the relationship between her and Matthew progressed, she seemed to have more expectations.
Stella wanted to ask Matthew if he would propose to her anytime soon.
‘s BunnyBookery
Beneath the azure sky and billowing white clouds, the movie unfolded as the hero proposed, embracing the heroine and sealing the moment with a ki*s.
Stella felt a little saddened by this.
Her marriage with Matthew was different.
They were not in love.
They only had a marriage certificate.
Although they had been together for a year, they were still strangers to each other.
That was why she had insisted they started dating first.
An image of her and Matthew together flashed through her mind.
Perhaps she had fallen in love with Matthew a long time ago.
Maybe it was when she had been kidnapped or earlier when she had saved Matthew without hesitation at Donn’s exhibition.
Memories floated through her mind.
Coupled with the background music of the movie, Stella couldn’t help but cry.
She sniffed and wiped the tears from the corners of her eyes.
Matthew turned to her and found her crying.
Nervously, he asked, “What’s wrong?”
###chapter929
Stella’s vision blurred as tears began to fall uncontrollably.
“Is anything the matter?” Matthew asked worriedly as he wiped her tears.
Stella forced a smile and said, “I’m fine.
It’s just the movie.
It so touching.
”
“I’m sorry.
It’s all my fault.
Why did I pick this movie? I’ll pick another one next time.
I’m so sorry,” Matthew said, apologizing.
Stella, however, was still crying.
Matthew was in full panic mode by now.
He had asked the internet about how to go about a date.
He had read that after having dinner, they should watch a love movie to create a romantic atmosphere.
He had followed these steps meticulously.
Why was Stella crying then?
He lowered his head and ki*sed her cheeks softly.
“Please don’t cry.
We won’t watch this kind of movie anymore.
”
Stella stared at Matthew; her tears had stopped flowing.
“We are in the cinema,” she whispered to him.
Even if they were the only ones here, it was a public place with surveillance.
How could he be so bold to ki*s her here?
Stella covered her mouth, a hint of fear flashing through her eyes.
Matthew found this funny and began chuckling.
Whispering, he said, “You better stop crying, or…”
Stella, however, didn’t wait for him to finish speaking before she wiped away her tears and turned to the screen.
Matthew’s eyes remained fixed on her.
The light from the screen cast a stunning glow on her face.
His heart skipped a beat at this.
When the movie finally ended, Matthew took Stella’s hand and exited the cinema.
When they got to the car, he stopped but did not open the door.
Stella stared at him, confused.
“I know what you want,” he said, staring at Stella.
###chapter930
This statement confused Stella even more.
Matthew stared at her, his eyes full of unsaid emotions.
He knew why Stella had cried when she was watching the movie.
The reason she had given was a lie.
Besides, Miley had told him before.
He knew what Stella wanted.
He owed her a lot in their marriage.
Matthew was about to make a promise to her when someone called Stella.
Stella heard it too and turned to see who it was.
It was Farris.
After Farris had been suspended and Stella had visited him, they had lost touch for a while.
Stella was taken aback to see Farris show up out of the blue.
He was thinner, his clothes hanging off him as if they might fall at any moment.
His beard was a mess, and he seemed rough around the edges, a stark contrast to his once neat and tidy self.
Stella was puzzled.
Hadn’t he returned to his job? Why did he still look so desolate?
She walked over quickly and asked gently, “Aren’t you supposed to be at work? What brings you to the cinema?”
She recalled how Farris was always at the hospital when her grandfather was sick, almost as if he never left.
But Farris dodged her question.
He glanced at Matthew and then asked Stella, “Can we talk?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella was on the verge of agreeing, but the thought of Matthew still being there made her pause.
She was aware of Matthew’s dislike for Farris, particularly after their recent spat concerning Farris.
She didn’t want to stir Matthew’s temper at this time.
After a brief moment of indecision, Stella turned to Matthew.
“Farris seems a bit off.
I want to talk to him.
Are you good with that?”
Matthew looked serious, casting a cold glance at Farris.
Yet, he decided to honor Stella’s decision.
He gave a nod.
“I’ll wait for you here.
”
Without delay, Stella walked off with Farris to a secluded spot.
She probed once more, “Were you here to watch a movie?”
Farris waved his movie ticket.
###chapter931
“Yeah.
I was hoping to catch you for a chat, and here you are.
”
Stella’s forehead creased slightly, but she managed a smile.
“Do you have something you need to talk about?”
“Stella…” Farris took a moment to gather his thoughts.
“I need to ask for a favor for Mina.
”
At the mention of Mina, Stella’s smile vanished, her face turning grave.
Farris rushed to explain, “Mina’s trial has started.
I get she messed up.
But her lawyer says if you could vouch for her, it might soften the judge’s verdict.
”
Stella stared at Farris, taken aback.
Had she not caught on to the problem and sought treatment in time, her hand might have been irreparably damaged.
It was all because of Mina.
And here was Farris, pleading for someone Like that?
Stella took a breath to steady herself and glanced at the movie ticket clutched in Farris’ grip.
“Did you get that ticket for her today, too?”
Farris seemed caught off guard, silent for a moment as if her quick shift threw him.
It took him a while to reply.
“Mina did a foolish thing because of me.
”
Surprise flickered in Stella’s eyes once more.
“I’ve never liked Mina.
I’ve turned her down multiple times.
I thought she’d give up, but she only grew more persistent.
” Farris let out a sigh and turned away, his mind drifting to the past.
“Mina left me a letter when I got back to work, kind of like a goodbye.
By the time I tried to track her down, there was no way to reach her.
” His eyes grew misty.
“In the end, her folks found her in her car, unconscious.
She’s been in a coma ever since and hasn’t woken up.
”
He looked down at the movie ticket in his hand.
“She wanted to see this film.
She always asked me to go with her.
But with her being like this… So, I’m going to see it on her behalf first, then tell her about it.
He stopped, his gaze fixed on Stella, his voice earnest as he spoke of Mina.
“Everything she ever did to you, Stella, was my fault.
I’m begging you, please let it slide.
Once she’s up again, I promise she won’t trouble you anymore.
”
Stella listened, caught off guard.
She didn’t see any of this coming, nor had she imagined Mina would contemplate suicide.
###chapter932
She looked at Farris, worn out and pleading, and felt a swirl of emotions.
“I get where you’re coming from.
You’ve always been the understanding type, even from day when we first met.
” Her voice was steady.
“But Mina is different.
She’s hurt me a lot, and I can’t just forgive that.
I have to be honest.
She made her choices.
Nobody made her do it, and we’re not to blame for her actions.
”
As Stella stood her ground, Farris hesitated, his mind going back to when she had stood up for him in the orphanage.
Back then, he was a lot less sure of himself, only finding his footing after his foster parents took him in.
Facing Stella’s unwavering gaze, Farris gave a sad smile and asked, “Do you still remember who I am?”
Stella, slightly confused but smiling, answered, “Of course, I do.
You’re a good doctor, Farris, and you’re my friend.
”
Farris’ face tensed a bit.
He parted his lips, ready to speak, when Matthew’s voice cut in.
“Stella!” he called out.
Stella looked over, then told Farris, “I should get going.
Mina’s situation…”
Her eyes met Farris’, as she was caught in a moral quandary.
Farris gave a knowing nod.
“Understood.
Go ahead.
Sorry for bringing it up.
”
Stella cast another glance at Farris, silent, then turned to leave.
Farris watched her walk away, experiencing a sense of relief.
He had been searching for Stella for years.
Yet now, seeing her with someone so suitable, Farris thought it best to step back.
If she had let go of the past, he wouldn’t bring it up.
It felt right to be just friends again.
A smile of contentment spread across Farris’ face.
He waved in Stella’s direction, saying, “Farewell, Stella.
”
At his words, Stella paused, looking back.
Farris was already heading to the cinema.
She pulled her gaze away and rejoined Matthew.
“We should head back.
”
###chapter933
“Alright.
Matthew’s reply was brief, his disinterest in Stella’s earlier chat with Farris apparent.
Stella noticed the solid hold of his hand, suggesting he might be upset.
They rode home in silence.
Once home, Matthew perched on the sofa, silently sifting through papers with the precision of a robot.
On the opposite end, Stella worked on her sketch, her laptop balanced on her knees.
Now and then, she peeked at Matthew.
He was the picture of concentration, just a touch quieter than usual, but it was hard to tell if anything was wrong.
She couldn’t guess what he was thinking.
Turning her attention back to her laptop, a sudden burst of creativity hit her.
She scooted over to Matthew, laptop in arms, and rested her chin on his shoulder.
“Could you look at my sketch?”
Matthew glanced at the screen and nodded, setting his papers aside.
He wrapped an arm around Stella, his hand gently guiding hers as she used the mouse, his voice a soft rumble.
“Sure, let me see.
”
Wrapped in his embrace, Stella felt his breath on her cheek.
Her face warmed, and she couldn’t bring herself to meet his gaze, keeping her eyes on the screen.
“Any thoughts are welcome.
”
Matthew appeared not to notice her discomfort, scrutinizing the design, guiding the mouse here and there.
Eventually, he asked, “Planning a blue dress for Alina?”
Stella forced herself to concentrate, ignoring his imposing figure.
“Yes.
” She pointed at the screen.
“The flowing hem plays off the theater’s round stage at the awards.
It’s meant to be striking up close, memorable for the crowd.
”
“Maybe add some folds at the waist for a better effect,” he suggested, navigating the screen.
“I’ll work on it,” she agreed.
As she started to get up, Matthew’s hand softly kept her in place.
“Stay a bit longer.
”
He settled close, whispering near her ear, his breath teasing her skin.
###chapter934
Stella felt Matthew’s hot breath on her ear since his mouth were right next to her ear.
He was getting closer, and soon his breath was on her lips, causing her heart to beat fast.
The moment Matthew ki*sed her, his familiar scent engulfed her, causing her to tremble.
His ki*ses felt as though he intended to swallow her up.
Soon, Matthew released her.
“What? What’s wrong?” Stella asked, panting for breath.
Matthew put his arm around her shoulder and stroked her soft hair with his finger before whispering in her ear, “Pay my guidance fee.
”
His hands then moved down and wrapped around her waist as he bent and ki*sed her intensely.
“Um…
The atmosphere in the living room was heated.
Matthew’s ki*s was hard and fierce.
With one hand on the sofa and another on her waist, he gradually pressed Stella towards the back of the sofa.
His ki*ses fell on her lips, neck, and collarbone.
Matthew’s moan became a low growl.
He ki*sed her earlobe before slowly ki*sing the curve of her neck.
His teeth gently nipped at her neck.
Stella wrapped her arms around his neck as her body mirrored Matthew’s movement.
Their bodies intertwined as they moved to each other’s rhythm.
Stella’s senses were heightened, and she could feel every touch of his on her body.
Each touch made her heart speed up.
Seeing that Matthew had carried her to the sofa, Stella stopped him, saying, “I still have work to do.
I have to finish the design for Alina.
”
This caused Matthew to finally stop ki*sing her.
He frowned, the lust still visible in his eyes.
Flustered, Stella continued, “I haven’t finished the drawing, and it’ll soon be due.
”
Matthew knew how important Alina was to Stella, so he went to take a cold shower.
Taking a deep breath, Stella straightened up her clothes and went back to work.
###chapter935
She revised the previous design draft using Matthew’s suggestions.
After she finished, she stared at the result in satisfaction before posting it on Twitter.
Matthew’s phone vibrated as soon as she posted it.
Stella looked at the phone and saw it was a push notification from Twitter.
She frowned thoughtfully when she saw the name of Matthew’s account.
She seemed to have seen it somewhere.
After a moment of thought, she seemed to remember something and began checking her private messages.
After a while, she finally understood why the name felt so familiar.
A while ago, someone sent her many private messages on Twitter.
The username was the same as Matthew’s.
Stella sent a response to the account, and immediately Matthew’s phone lit up.
She stared in shock at Matthew’s phone.
It turned out he had been sending her encouraging messages.
He had been supporting her all this time in his own way.
Stella was touched.
She heard footsteps from the stairs.
When she looked, she saw Matthew going downstairs.
Smiling, she muttered, “Thank you, honey.
”
Soon, it was time to submit the draft to Alina.
They’d agreed to meet in the cafe of the hotel where they had met last time.
On her way there, Stella tried to cheer herself up, but she couldn’t help but feel a little scared of the intimidating aura of Alina.
She handed the design sketch to Alina’s assistant.
Only taking one look at it, Alina said, “I don’t like the color of this dress.
”
Stella wasn’t surprised by Alina’s reaction.
She explained patiently, “This silky blue gown is my creation.
I visited the theater to get a feel for the venue before sketching the design.
During the award ceremony, the Lighting will be a warm yellow, and the decorative theme revolves around the ocean.
In the soft glow, the dress will mimic the starry sky over the ocean, complementing your elegant, aloof, and stunning demeanor perfectly.
”
She watched Alina’s expressions carefully as she spoke.
Alina raised her brows in interest.
Finally, she looked up at Stella and asked, “Is that so?”
Stella confirmed with a nod.
“Absolutely.
I have full confidence in my design; it will showcase your personality flawlessly.
”
Alina picked up the design and studied it intensely, tracing the lines with her fingers.
###chapter936
Stella presented a color card, suggesting, “If you’re not a fan of lake blue, we have sapphire blue, azure blue, and more.
Choose your preferred shade, and leave the rest to me.
”
Alina glanced at the color card but didn’t take it.
She shook her head, setting the design sketch aside.
“It’s up to you.
”
Standing up, she slipped on her sunglasses and signaled for her assistant, Kiera, to come over.
“Stay here and tell her my measurements.
”
“Okay.
”
Kiera nodded her head.
Alina left the cafe without another word.
Stella watched her retreating figure, letting out a relieved sigh.
The tension in her nerves slowly eased.
After their last unpleasant meeting, she’d anticipated a prolonged negotiation before finalizing the design.
She feared the worst outcome would be Alina letting her go.
To her relief, Alina had only expressed initial dissatisfaction.
After hearing her explanation, Alina granted her full authority to handle the gown.
It felt like a small step toward success.
Kiera relayed Alina’s measurements to Stella.
“Anything else you need to know?”
Stella hesitated for a moment before asking in a hushed tone, “Does Miss Walker have any specific preferences?”
Kiera sensed Stella’s worries and reassured her, “Don’t overthink it.
As long as Alina recognizes you, everything will be fine.
”
Stella nodded, keeping her concerns to herself.
After bidding farewell to Kiera, Stella left the cafe.
Stepping out of the hotel, Stella spotted a sleek black Rolls-Royce parked at the entrance.
Mathew stepped out of the car and approached her.
“Is it done?”
###chapter937
“Why are you here?” she asked, surprised.
Matthew led her to the car and opened the passenger door.
“I asked Fernando to handle the company’s affairs.
Your business is more important.
”
“I think Alina is satisfied,” Stella eagerly shared as they settled into the car.
“She wants me to continue designing the dress according to my own ideas.
The draft has gained her approval.
Now, I need to create a sample gown that she’ll be pleased with.
”
Matthew helped her with the seatbelt and affectionately rubbed her head.
“Don’t put too much pressure on yourself.
You’re the best designer in my eyes.
It’s getting late; let me take you to dinner first.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
At a fancy restaurant, Matthew perused the menu while Stella surveyed the well-decorated restaurant.
Seated by the French window, she caught a glimpse of the river outside with a single glance.
Unable to resist expressing her admiration, Stella said, “You’ve got a good eye for choosing this restaurant; it’s really lovely.
”
Inspired by the picturesque view, she reached for her phone, intending to capture the scene outside.
Just as she prepared to snap a photo, she noticed Alina walking towards her.
Caught off guard, Stella couldn’t evade her.
She mustered a forced smile and greeted, “Miss Walker, what a surprise!”
Alina didn’t answer her.
She scrutinized the pair before fixing her gaze on Stella.
With a subtle smirk, she remarked, “I’ve been curious about how you manage to create such an impeccable design.
Now I see, you’ve enlisted the help of a talented assistant.
”
Stella was shocked and looked at Alina in confusion.
Alina turned to Matthew with a smile and asked, “Am I right, Tobin?”
The smile on her lips appeared forced.
When Alina had just become popular, she had met Tobin at an event and had been deeply attracted to his design style.
Later, she had tried to collaborate with Tobin but had never been able to make an appointment with him.
It had been explained to her by a third party that Tobin had stopped accepting orders.
However, she had not given up.
It was rare to meet such a talented designer.
How could she give up? So she had continued to try to contact Tobin by any means possible.
Due to her unrelenting effort, she had finally managed to get a response from Tobin.
However, he had refused, stating that his design was not suitable for her.
This was a terrible excuse, and she knew it.
However, there was nothing else to do except hold a grudge.
She hadn’t expected to meet Tobin here today.
What was more surprising was that he was having dinner with Stella.
###chapter938
A man who had refused her was helping a nameless designer.
The whole scenario left a bad taste in Alina’s mouth.
However, Matthew had no knowledge of any of these things.
He pursed his lips and said, “I’m not Stella’s assistant.
She designed it all by herself.
It had nothing to do with me.
”
Alina was surprised.
Was he speaking for Stella now?
Indifferently, Matthew continued, “I heard from Stella that you were satisfied with her first draft and let her continue to design for you.
She won’t let you down.
”
He was actually speaking for Stella.
Alina refused to believe that he had nothing to do with the design.
Alina smiled disdainfully and said, “I was satisfied with her design, but not anymore.
I think I actually need to reevaluate it.
”
Stella frowned and was about to say something to Alina, but Matthew beat her to it.
He looked at Alina and said, “I think I need to clarify things for you.
I’m having dinner with Stella not because I’m helping her but because…”
He paused, took Stella’s hand, and finished, “She is my wife.
”
Alina’s eyes widened in shock.
What? Wife? When did Tobin get married?
Why hadn’t she heard about this?
Stella smiled at Alina and said, “Miss Walker, I did draw the design myself.
Also, the fact that Tobin is my husband has nothing to do with my design.
We don’t interfere with each other’s work.
”
Alina, however, was too shocked to say anything.
She hadn’t expected that Stella was the wife of the top designer, Tobin.
She couldn’t possibly associate the two of them together.
Although she was surprised, her face, however, maintained a calm expression.
She was about to say something when the restaurant manager rushed over.
“Miss Walker,” the manager called out anxiously.
When he saw Matthew, he nodded slightly at him.
“What’s the matter?” Alina asked testily.
The manager whispered something in her ear.
Panic suddenly spread in Alina’s face.
She immediately turned around and ran out of the restaurant in a hurry.
Stella watched Alina run out of the restaurant in a hurry.
She hesitated for a few seconds before turning to Matthew.
“She seems to have run into some difficulty.
Should we follow her? Maybe we can be of some assistance to her.
”
Matthew shook his head and said, “Alina is a public figure.
If it’s concerning her private life, I’m sure she’ll want to keep it private.
”
###chapter939
What Matthew said made sense to Stella.
Matthew then reached out, gently pinched her cheek, and said with a smile, “Besides, you are her designer.
Her assistant can take care of it.
You don’t have to worry about her.
Let’s have our meal.
”
Stella smiled back at him before sitting down.
As soon as she sat down, the waiter brought their food.
Stella dug in, forgetting what had just happened.
Matthew put down his fork and stared at Stella.
Stella noticed him staring at her and grew shy.
Blushing, she put down her fork and asked, “Why are you looking at me like that? Is there something on my face?”
Her hand moved to her face, but Matthew stopped her and held her hand tightly, and his rough thumb caressed the back of her hand.
“What’s wrong?” Stella asked.
Her hand began to itch, and she tried to pull it away.
‘s BunnyBookery
However, Matthew tightened his grip and wouldn’t let go.
She tried several more times, all to no avail.
“Stella,” Matthew called in a soft voice.
His gentle demeanor made Stella blush even more.
Staring intently at her, Matthew said, “Our anniversary is coming up soon.
I want to do one thing.
”
“What do you want us to do?” she asked curiously.
In a solemn tone, Matthew said, “I want to officially make your identity as my wife public.
”
Stella’s heart skipped a beat.
“It was delayed before, and I didn’t handle things properly afterwards.
” Matthew felt guilty.
If the public had known, Alina would not have doubted when he told her that Stella was his wife.
“It’s all my fault.
I’ll make sure it happens this time,” Matthew promised.
After composing herself, Stella asked, “Is this because of Alina?”
“No.
This has been on my mind for a while,” Matthew said seriously.
As soon as he finished speaking, a commotion arose outside the restaurant.
One of the voices involved sounded like Alina’s voice.
Stella looked at Matthew with worry written all over her face.
“What’s going on? We should go have a look.
”
###chapter940
She then stood up and walked out with Matthew at her heels.
In the corridor of the restaurant, Alina stood facing a middle-aged woman with rough hair and a tired expression on her face.
Alina looked cold and aloof.
Staring at the woman coldly, she said, “I’ve warned you to stay away from me.
Why are you always haunting me?”
The woman appeared embarrassed by this.
She tried to explain but couldn’t seem to say a complete sentence.
“Don’t bother me anymore,” Alina said, then turned to leave.
Seeing that Alina was about to leave, the woman hurriedly said, “I beg of you.
Please help your brother.
He is too young to go to jail.
His life will be ruined.
I beg you.
” Tears welled up in her eyes as she spoke.
Stella’s mouth hung open in surprise.
This woman was Alina’s mother?
And according to the woman, Alina’s brother seemed to be in trouble.
Stella stared at Alina.
She wasn’t sure whether to leave or not.
Matthew was right.
This was Alina’s private life.
Even the media didn’t report it.
Her relationship with Alina wasn’t quite good, and it would get even worse if Alina found out that she was aware of her secret.
Stella hesitated, not sure what to do.
Alina sneered at the woman and said disdainfully, “I don’t have a mother, let alone a brother.
”
The woman’s name was Mara Santos, and she was Alina’s stepmother.
Seeing that Alina’s mind hadn’t changed, she knelt down at Alina’s feet, took hold of her hands, and begged.
“You can’t be so cold- blooded, Alina.
All I ask is for a little money, and your brother would be fine.
I beg you…”
“Let go of me!” Alina said.
“Alina…” Mara wasn’t ready to give up.
She lifted up her face, tears streaming down her cheek.
“I really have no other choice, Alina.
Please help your brother.
We lived under the same roof for many years.
Even if you hate him, you shouldn’t let him go to jail.
”
Frowning, Alina tried to snatch back her hand, but Mara’s grip was tight.
She stared coldly at Mara and said, “I’ll say it one more time.
I don’t have a mother, let alone a brother.
Let go of me, or I’ll call the police.
”
Mara knew she couldn’t afford to let the police get involved.
###chapter941
She let go of Alina’s hand.
Instead, she prostrated herself on the floor and said, “Please, Alina.
Please help us.
Please.
”
The scene created by Mara soon drew the attention of people who were watching.
Someone recognized Alina, and soon the people began to talk amongst themselves.
“What’s going on?”
“It seems Alina’s mother is asking for help from her but isn’t getting any.
”
“Such an important person as Alina is unwilling to help her family.
I didn’t know that Alina was such a cruel person.
The entertainment circle really is complicated.
”
Alina frowned at this.
She hadn’t expected Mara to play such a trick.
Mara wanted people to see her as the villain.
However, this trick wasn’t going to work.
Alina didn’t care if this was posted online.
She wanted everyone to see the kind of person Mara was.
Alina put on her sunglasses and turned to leave.
However, Mara grabbed her leg and cried even louder.
“Alina! Alina!
It wasn’t easy for me to locate you.
You can’t leave just Like that.
Please help your brother.
”
Alina tried to pull her leg away.
However, when she moved, she heard an “ouch” from Mara.
Alina turned and saw Mara lying on the floor, holding her chest, and screaming in pain.
The crowd went wild with disapproval.
“How arrogant she is! She even kicked her mom in public.
She must be a terrible person!”
“Alina is going to ruin her reputation by herself.
”
“It’s disgusting to treat her mom like this.
She should get out of the entertainment industry immediately.
”
“I’m sorry about that interruption to your meals.
However, this is a private matter, so you all are to return to your meals,” the manager said.
However, no one paid him any heed as they all continued to comment on Alina.
###chapter942
The accusations come flying, one after the other.
Alina gritted her teeth in anger.
She stared at Mara, on the verge of losing her temper when a hand grabbed her.
Stella stood between them.
She smiled at Mara and said, “Madam, this is a public place.
If you have anything to say, why don’t you get up first?”
Mara stared at Stella, but she didn’t get up.
“I can’t get up.
Alina kicked me in the chest.
It’s quite painful, and I can’t breathe.
”
Alina couldn’t stand it anymore.
“Stop talking nonsense.
I didn’t even use much strength.
”
Stella, however, pinched her lightly.
She smiled reassuringly at Alina and said to her in a low voice, “Don’t worry, Miss Walker.
I’ll handle this.
”
Alina stared at Stella with a hint of suspicion.
She was all too familiar with Mara’s troublesome nature, having dealt with it for years.
Though unsure of Stella’s capabilities, she remained silent and stood behind her.
Alina’s silence seemed to give Stella the go-ahead.
She let go of Alina’s hand, turned to face Mara, and sized her up.
“You seem to be dressed in high-end brands, and your nails are freshly done.
You hardly look like someone struggling financially.
”
“What are you implying?” Mara cut her off, her fists tightening instinctively.
“These are all knock-offs.
”
“Knock-offs?” Stella laughed lightly, shaking her head.
“Not at all.
If I’m not mistaken, that’s the same dress Alina wore at a recent event.
It’s one of Aubrey’s creations, recognizable by the unique moon symbol on the sleeve.
”
Mara’s face fell as she hastily covered her sleeve, looking guilty.
Stella continued, “Aubrey values relationships.
She has a partnership with Alina, which likely includes a complete wardrobe.
That dress you’re wearing, if I’m not wrong, is worth around three million, not to mention its intrinsic value and Aubrey’s reputation.
”
“What’s your point?” Mara’s voice deepened with inquiry.
Stella’s smile didn’t waver as she responded calmly, “ALL I’m saying is that Alina isn’t heartless.
Materially, she hasn’t deprived you.
I’m curious about what else has left you dissatisfied, and why you’re so intent on tarnishing her name in public?”
Stella’s words shifted the mood, and the crowd’s skeptical gazes turned to Mara.
Enraged, Mara hadn’t expected Stella to be so articulate.
She protested, “I don’t know who Aubrey is.
The dress is a fake, and Alina did humiliate me publicly.
There were plenty of witnesses!”
###chapter943
Stella’s smile persisted.
“Is that so? But from what I saw, she barely touched you, and down you went.
It almost looked like an attempt at extortion.
”
“You… You… You’re just siding with her!” Mara’s voice was tough.
“You’re one of Alina’s friends, aren’t you? That’s why you’re defending her.
”
“It doesn’t matter if I know her or not.
Your act of pretending to fall doesn’t change.
” Stella remained calm.
‘s BunnyBookery
“We can settle this in court if you’re so sure.
The authorities will clear Alina’s name.
They don’t just make up lies.
And as for you…”
She paused deliberately.
“Don’t you dare threaten me! Alina kicked me, and I’m not young anymore.
Even a light kick hurts!”
Mara lost some of her bluster but held on to her claim that Alina was to blame.
The argument was at an impasse when a man’s voice broke through.
Matthew stepped up beside Mara and said plainly, “I saw you fall on your own.
If you keep up this lie, we’ll just check the security footage.
”
His intervention sparked whispers among the onlookers.
“Mr.
Clark is quite renowned in Seamarsh.
He wouldn’t lie about something so petty.
”
“He doesn’t even know Alina.
Why would he take her side?”
“This woman must be lying.
How cruel to accuse her own daughter!”
Mara, red with rage and seeing no profit in her lies, glared at Alina.
“Look at you, roping in these two to gang up on me!”
With that, she scrambled up and fled the scene in haste.
After Mara left, the manager politely asked the other guests to take their seats again.
This left only the three of them standing in the hallway.
“Thanks.
” Alina turned to Stella.
“You helped me out, but I’m still going to go over your design draft carefully.
”
“Sure.
” Stella simply nodded.
She noticed Alina didn’t want to dwell on the recent events, so she didn’t pry.
After Alina walked away, Stella headed back to her table with Matthew to finish their meal.
Matthew looked at Stella, his eyes shining.
###chapter944
He was reminded of how she handled herself when they first met; he had always admired her energetic and decisive nature.
He was glad they hit it off right from the start, without any time lost.
Stella, nibbling on her food, realized Matthew hadn’t even touched his.
Looking up, she caught him staring at her and it made her squirm.
After a moment’s pause, she urged him, “Come on, eat up!”
“Alright.
” Matthew grinned and finally looked away.
After dinner, they made their way to the parking lot.
Exiting the elevator, Stella spotted Alina propped against her car.
Alina, head down, gazing at the ground, was undeniably striking.
She took a drag on her cigarette, her eyes swirling with complex emotions.
Stella’s brow creased in concern.
She approached, cautioning, “You’re a star, and having photos of you smoking isn’t a good look in the media.
”
Caught off guard, Alina’s expression turned frosty when she realized it was Stella.
Flicking the cigarette into the bin, she snapped, “Mind your own business!”
With that, she hopped into her car and sped off.
Stella remained there, thoughts swirling.
“Stella, get in the car,” Matthew called out to her.
Stella snapped back to reality and made her way over to Matthew.
She looked downhearted, prompting Matthew to comfort her by patting her head.
“You know, Alina’s had her share of scandals because of her family, but she’s got a solid reputation, and the company has always kept things discreet for her.
”
“Really?” Stella’s eyes widened with curiosity.
“That woman’s actually Alina’s mom?”
Matthew shook his head.
“No.
She’s the stepmother.
.
He paused, collecting his thoughts.
“Alina’s family tree is kind of a mess.
Her stepmother and brother threw her out on the street.
Once she made it big, she pretty much ditched them.
”
Stella was puzzled.
###chapter945
“But if they’re not even her real family, why would Alina keep helping them? Doesn’t seem like her style.
”
Then, she directed her eyes to Matthew.
Matthew went on to explain, “Well, her dad was in a coma after an accident.
Alina was just hitting the big time and was swamped with work.
She couldn’t be there for him.
Mara stepped in.
When her father woke up and found out, he wouldn’t let Alina send Mara away.
Despite Mara always hitting Alina up for cash, he insisted Alina help her whenever possible.
”
“Poor Alina.
I never knew she went through all that.
” Stella hadn’t realized Alina had gone through so much and felt a twinge of pity for her.
Taking a deep breath, she said, “Honey, I appreciate you filling me in on Alina.
It’s given me a fresh perspective on the dress I’m designing for her.
”
She paused and gave Matthew a hard look.
“But how come you know so much? This stuff hasn’t been in the news, has it?”
“Are you getting jealous?” Matthew teased, flashing a smile.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella scowled.
“Cut the jokes.
I’m serious.
”
He explained, “When I still took orders, Alina wanted to collaborate.
I always check out my clients’ backgrounds, so that’s how I know.
But back then, my designs didn’t suit her public persona, so I passed on her offer.
Now, it’s up to you.
”
With determination, Stella said, “I’ll give it everything I’ve got to design something amazing for Alina!”
Upon returning home, Matthew went into his study to take care of some business.
By the time he returned to the room, Stella had fallen asleep.
He half-squatted and stared at the sleeping woman.
Her hair was messy and fell over the edge of the pillow, revealing her pretty face.
Her thick eyelashes quivered ever so slightly.
Even asleep, she had an ethereal beauty around her.
Her soft, red lips were plump and supple.
Matthew’s heart skipped a beat.
He wanted so much to feel her Lips on his, so he leaned down and ki*sed her.
He just wanted a light ki*s, but after the first ki*s, he couldn’t help but want more.
After a moment’s hesitation, he bent and ki*sed Stella’s lips again.
###chapter946
However, when he raised his head this time, Stella slowly opened her eyes.
They stared at each other in surprise.
Matthew pretended as though nothing had happened.
He put his hand on the bed and was about to stand up.
However, Stella grabbed him before he could move.
Wrapping her arms around his neck, she ki*sed him.
Matthew’s eyes widened in surprise, as he had not been expecting that reaction.
Soon, however, he recovered from his surprise and ki*sed her back.
His ki*ses were hard and full of passion.
Stella felt a little pain from his hard ki*ses, but she endured it.
Matthew teased her teeth apart with his tongue, and soon their tongues were entwined.
“Stella…”
Matthew suddenly grabbed her hand, stopping her.
Slowly, Stella opened her eyes.
They were red and watery, and she was out of breath as a result of the ki*s.
His voice hoarse, Matthew said, “I should shower first.
”
Stella nodded her agreement shyly.
Matthew then ki*sed her Lightly on the lips before letting go of her.
He got out of bed before taking off his clothes.
His back was the right amount of muscular.
Stella blushed as she looked at him.
Hearing the sound of his zipper, Stella hurriedly said, “Go take off your clothes in the bathroom.
”
Matthew turned to her, and for a second, Stella’s breath stopped.
His perfect body was in full view.
By now, Stella’s face was red, and her heart beat wildly.
Satisfied with her reaction, Matthew said, “I’ll be done soon.
”
Stella’s heartbeat was erratic at this point.
She bit her lip, knowing what was to come.
###chapter947
Although she looked forward to it, she was quite nervous too.
She and Matthew had been married for quite a while now.
Sooner or later, this was bound to happen.
While Stella was lost in her thoughts, the sound of water rushing in the bathroom stopped, followed by the sound of the door opening.
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Matthew walk out of the bathroom with a towel tied around his waist.
“Do I look good?” Matthew asked softly.
He was tall, had long legs, and was well built.
“Well, you look okay,” Stella said nervously, her face red.
Matthew’s stare was full of unknown emotions.
Slowly, he bent over, raised her chin, and ki*sed her on the Lips.
He then lifted her onto the bed.
Subconsciously, Stella tried to draw back, but Matthew caught her by the ankle.
Matthew restrained her hands at the top of her head, rendering her unable to move.
He then resumed his ki*s with renewed vigor.
“Stella,” Matthew muttered.
Veins bulged around his temple as though he were about to lose control.
It was about to happen when the doorbell rang.
Matthew ignored the doorbell.
He slid his hand into Stella’s pajamas and down her waist.
The doorbell rang again, more urgently this time.
Matthew stopped this time.
The doorbell kept ringing, and soon Stella’s phone rang.
“My phone.
” Stella tried to push Matthew off her so she could get her phone.
Matthew bit hard at her swollen lip, unwilling to let her go.
He didn’t want her answering the phone.
He just wanted to spend time with her.
However, Stella’s phone didn’t stop ringing.
###chapter948
With a frown, Matthew finally yielded.
He picked up the phone and gave it to Stella.
Stella’s hair was a mess, and her face was flushed.
She looked at the phone and saw that the call was from Alina.
Stella was surprised.
However, she cleared her throat and answered the phone.
“Stella, I know it is late.
I’m really sorry for bothering you,”
Alina said, her voice softer than usual.
Matthew frowned slightly upon hearing that it was Alina.
Stella sat up quickly and replied, “No, it’s no bother.
What can I do for you?”
Seeing the frown on Matthew’s face, she put her arm around his neck and ki*sed him lightly.
“There’s someone at the door.
Did you hear that?” Alina asked.
Stella was confused, but she answered honestly, “Yes.
”
Smiling, Alina said, “You didn’t lie to me.
”
Alina trusted Stella more now that she knew Stella and Matthew were married.
“I asked my assistant to send a document to Matthew’s house.
She is at the gate of Prosper Bay.
I think you may be in need of the document,” Alina said.
It was work-related, so Stella didn’t dare slack off.
“I see.
Thank you for sending me the document.
”
Matthew stared at Stella resentfully.
“Is there anything else I can do for you, Alina?” Stella asked.
She wanted the call to be over so she could soothe Matthew.
Alina had no idea she was interrupting something, so she continued, “I have a lot of work this week, so I need you to hurry up with the dress.
”
However, before she could finish, Matthew interrupted her.
She had sent someone over late at night, and now she was refusing to let Stella off the phone.
Matthew grabbed the phone from Stella and said coldly, “It’s late, Alina.
Stella is your designer, not your assistant.
If you need her, you can contact her during working hours.
”
Stella snatched back the phone and hurriedly said, “I’m sorry.
”
Alina said with a smile, “So Tobin is with you.
It seems he isn’t happy about my disturbance.
”
###chapter949
Stella blushed at this and said, “There’s nothing to worry about.
I’ll finish the work as soon as I can.
Let’s talk about it later.
I’ll go get the document now.
”
She then hung up the phone and pushed Matthew off her.
She put on her coat and went downstairs to get the document.
When she returned to the bedroom, she began to peruse the document Alina had sent.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew hugged her from behind, as he ki*sed her neck.
He took the documents from her and said, “You can go through it tomorrow.
Let’s continue where we stopped.
”
Stella, however, didn’t seem to like this idea.
She looked at him pleadingly and said, “You heard Alina just now.
She is in a hurry.
This is my first order for my studio.
I want everything to be done perfectly.
”
Matthew had no choice but to let her be.
“You’ll have to make it up to me twice as much next time.
”
He then let go of her and collapsed on the bed.
“Marrying a strong, competent woman can be so hard sometimes.
”
Stella smiled at this but said nothing.
Instead, she focused on the document.
Three days later, Stella went to see Alina with the sample dress.
When she arrived, she found Alina waiting for her.
This time, however, there was no hint of arrogance in her.
Stella was surprised at this.
“Is the dress ready?” Alina asked softly.
Stella nodded and showed her the sample dress.
Alina’s eyes widened in surprise.
She sat, stunned, in silence for a while.
Stella gave Alina a lake blue strapless dress.
There were no decorations on the dress, only the silk around the body and the wavy folds on the lower part of the dress.
The dress seemed to be a different color when one looked at it from a different angle.
It was quite a beautiful thing to behold.
It was obvious that Alina was satisfied and liked the dress.
###chapter950
“You can try it and see if it fits you,” Stella said, handing Alina the dress.
Alina said nothing.
However, she took the dress from Stella and walked into the changing room.
Stella watched her go into the changing room thoughtfully.
Then she stepped forward and turned the light in the changing room on.
It was a high-end hotel with all kinds of equipment.
The warm yellow light was quite similar to stage lights used during award ceremonies.
When Stella heard the door open, a satisfied smile appeared on her face.
Alina had on the lake blue gown.
It was simple yet elegant.
When she turned around, the hemline of the dress flowed like waves.
As she moved, the fold on the hem of her dress swayed.
It was like the sea wave-incomparably exquisite.
Stella couldn’t help but marvel at her work.
She hadn’t thought the dress would fit Alina this well.
‘s BunnyBookery
The smile on her face deepened.
Stella was happy to have found the right person for her design.
Alina stared at the mirror, a satisfied look on her face.
She turned around a few times, pinched the waistline of the dress, and said, “Just reduce the waist size a little.
Aside from that, nothing else is wrong.
”
“Okay.
A thought came to Stella, so she mustered up her courage and asked, “I have another request, Alina.
”
“What is it?” Alina asked.
“I want to put my name on the lining of the dress.
My studio has just been established.
This dress not only works with Blue Flame but belongs to my brand,” Stella said nervously.
“No problem,” Alina said with a smile.
Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
“Thank you.
”
“I’ve told you before that I don’t care about anything else as long as I like the dress.
Besides, you will be attending the award ceremony with me,” Alina said, fixing her stare on Stella.
After getting confirmation of the size of the dress from Alina, Stella returned to Prosper Bay.
As soon as she entered the house, she could tell it was different.
The French window allowed her to see the back garden.
Today, there was an extra table with a cake and candles lit on it.
Stella guessed that it was Matthew’s doing.
She smiled, opened the door, and walked towards the garden.
###chapter951
As she approached, Matthew appeared.
“What did he buy the cake for? What event were they supposed to be celebrating today?” Stella was afraid she had forgotten something important.
Matthew took her hand and said, “I ordered this cake to celebrate the success of your design.
”
Surprised, Stella asked, “How did you know it was a success? I intended to surprise you with that news.
”
Matthew just gave her his “I know everything” look, as though that was enough explanation.
He looked at Stella affectionately and said, “Close your eyes and make a wish.
”
“It’s not my birthday.
How then can I make a wish? Stop it,” Stella said, amused.
Matthew replied, “Today is a good day.
You should make a wish.
”
Stella had no choice but to close her eyes and make a wish inwardly.
“I hope me and Matthew get to live together happily.
”
She then opened her eyes to see that it was dark and that Matthew was no longer by her side.
Her heart skipped a beat.
“Did the power go off? What’s going on?” Stella muttered.
“Matthew?
Are you trying to scare me, because if you are…”
Before Stella could finish talking, a hand took hers, and there was a loud sound as fireworks exploded in the night sky.
It looked as though tiny stars were falling to the ground.
The fireworks changed color and shape, looking quite mesmerizing.
Stella was stunned, and her heart began to beat a little faster.
Matthew let go of her hand and held her from behind.
He placed his head on her shoulder and asked, “Do you like it?”
Nodding, Stella said, “Yes.
I like it very much.
”
Matthew smiled as he looked at her.
Under the light of the fireworks, her beautiful face looked even more gentle, and her eyes were as clear as crystal.
At that point, what he felt for her seemed to increase tenfold, causing his heart to skip a beat.
He ki*sed her cheek, then bit her earlobe softly before burying his face in her neck and inhaling her scent.
After a moment of silence, Matthew released her and said, “Stella, I want to hold a wedding ceremony and marry you formally.
”
Matthew’s simple words were better than any marriage vow.
###chapter952
Stella could feel her eyes tear up.
She was stunned into silence, lacking the words to offer an answer.
Her not responding seemed to confuse Matthew.
He straightened up, cupped both her cheeks in his hands, and said, “You’ve been quite busy with work of late, so I thought today was the best time to propose to you.
”
Stella felt a strong urge to burst into tears.
“Will you marry me, Stella?” Matthew asked.
Tears welled up in Stella’s eyes.
She hesitated for a while, not knowing what to say.
Finally, she said, “Yes, Matthew.
Yes, I will marry you.
”
It seemed at that moment that her hesitation passed and she had so many things to say to him, but in the end, it all came out in that simple sentence.
She wanted to promise him the world.
She had thought that the marriage arranged for her by her parents was destined to fail.
Instead, she had found a man she wanted to spend the rest of her life with.
How could she then refuse to marry him?
Stella’s reply seemed to relax Matthew.
He drew her into a hug.
He then proceeded to caress her hair.
Stella raised her head and looked at him.
Her face appeared flushed.
Before she could say anything, Matthew lowered his head and ki*sed her.
His lips were warm and soft.
The two clung to each other under the light of the fireworks.
Matthew ki*sed her neck.
Finally, his lips were on hers again.
The ki*s was gentle, and it went on for a while.
Stella wrapped her arms around his neck.
The atmosphere was romantic as they ki*sed.
Stella’s nose was filled with Matthew’s scent.
Her body seemed limp as she clung to Matthew tightly for support.
###chapter953
The last of the fireworks gave off its light and disappeared into the night sky.
Everywhere was silent.
Matthew placed his forehead against hers as he stared at her affectionately.
Stella’s face was flushed, and her eyes were full of desire.
Her lips were slightly swollen because of his ki*s.
When she saw desire reflected in Matthew’s eyes, her heart skipped a beat.
Who would have thought that Matthew, who had been a cold man in the past, would come to have such a wide range of emotions?
Shyly, she lowered her head.
Matthew’s eyes darkened with passion.
He was barely able to restrain himself.
“Close your eyes.
”
Stella was surprised.
However, she closed her eyes.
Soon she felt a coolness on her neck, as though something cold had been put on her neck.
Stella opened her eyes and saw that it was a pearl necklace.
“Matthew…”
She couldn’t believe it.
She had thought that Matthew had gotten the necklace for someone else.
Not once had she thought that it was meant for her.
“Do you like it?” Matthew asked softly.
Stella touched the necklace.
With a smile, she said, “It’s beautiful.
I like it.
”
Matthew’s eyes were full of warmth.
“I’ve had it for a while now.
I was just waiting for the day I proposed to give it to you.
I’ve been waiting for this day for a long time.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
”
Stella stared at him mutely, not knowing what to say.
Her face was bright red.
Matthew’s eyes narrowed, and he carried her and walked into the villa, saying, “Let’s go in.
”
“We haven’t eaten the cake yet,” Stella reminded him.
“It doesn’t matter.
” Matthew quickened his pace and carried her into the bedroom.
He then placed her on the bed.
He lay on her and ki*sed her roughly.
He put his hands into her cloth, stroking every inch of her skin his hands came into contact with.
###chapter954
A soft sound escaped Stella's lips. His touch seemed electrified.
Matthew stopped and looked at her. He gently brushed her slightly damp hair away from her face and asked softly, "Is this okay?"
Stella's heart began to beat faster at this. Shyly, she nodded.
"I love you," Matthew whispered. He seemed to lose himself in the moment. As soon as he finished his words, he lowered his head and kissed her tenderly.
They held each other close, sharing an intimate embrace. Stella had never been this close with anyone before. It wasn't easy to get used to it, but she felt safe in his arms.
Soon, she felt Matthew's gentle kisses on her skin. Stella was on the brink of losing control. She trembled in pleasure, not knowing whether to pull away or hold him closer.
"Matthew," she gasped as she gently held onto him.
Stella's body tensed as she let out another soft breath. She wrapped her arms around Matthew as her worries faded away.
Matthew hadn't been expecting that he would feel this way with a woman. He must be going crazy. However, all these thoughts took a backseat to his desire to be close to the woman he loved. He was satisfied just listening to her soft sounds of contentment.
Matthew, holding Stella close, stared at her as she struggled to catch her breath. In a soft voice, he said, "I've heard that the first time can be uncomfortable. I'll try my best to be careful."
Stella had never been this intimate with anyone before, so he went gently so as not to hurt her. He didn't rush, making sure she was comfortable every step of the way.
Stella, on her part, had never experienced such intensity before. She let out a soft sigh, her fingers gently gripping the edge of the pillow.
There was a brief moment of discomfort, but it soon passed and became something else entirely.
Stella closed her eyes, overwhelmed by the moment, before letting out a satisfied sigh. She seemed to be losing herself in the experience.

###chapter955
"You feel so good, baby," Matthew murmured softly. One could hear the affection in his voice.
His voice touched her even more deeply. She stared at him, lost in the moment.
Stella realized, amidst all this, that they had become truly connected.
"I love you, Stella," Matthew said as he lowered his head and kissed her on the lips. This was the first time he had experienced this kind of closeness with a woman.
"I love you too," Stella replied before nestling into his arms. She was happy.
Stella woke up feeling like she had been asleep for ages. The next morning, a sudden buzzing sound stirred her awake. She faintly heard Matthew's deep voice, as if he was on a call.
Trying to sit up, Stella winced from the soreness covering her body, a reminder of the intimate night they had just shared. After some effort, she managed to sit up and quietly asked Matthew who was on the phone.
"Got it," Matthew replied briefly, wrapping up his conversation and hanging up. He then put his phone away, wrapped his arms around Stella, and nuzzled her face lovingly.
"Did my phone wake you? You can sleep more if you want," he murmured, planting soft kisses on her face.
"Do you need to go to the office?" Stella asked in a slightly raspy voice.
"It was Neville. He invited us for lunch. But it's still early. Get some more rest." Matthew kissed her gently on the jaw.
"Stop it." Stella, blushing and feeling shy, pushed him playfully. "Let's get up and freshen up. I'm hungry."
Matthew found himself recalling Stella's enchanting look from the previous night, stirring a wave of affection within him. He was completely captivated by Stella.
In a burst of passion, he showered her with kisses, holding on to the last shred of his self-control before finally releasing her and guiding her toward the bathroom.
By noon, when Stella and Matthew reached the restaurant, Neville was already there with Cordell and Miley. Stella noticed Neville holding Miley's hand and smiled knowingly. Before she could comment, Matthew guided her to their seats with a hand on her waist.
Cordell raised her eyebrows with a smile and greeted Stella.

###chapter956
“Hey there, Stella.
”
Stella gave a small nod and shyly took a seat.
Neville chimed in, “So, Stella, you’ve gone public with it now, huh?”
Miley gave Stella a playful wink and called out to her.
Stella glared at her and said, “Stop it.
”
Miley just grinned and stayed silent.
The mood in the room was light and cheerful.
Matthew turned to Stella with a serious look.
“I’ve proposed to Stella.
We’re planning a wedding.
”
“About time for a wedding, right?” Neville exclaimed with excitement.
“I know a few wedding planners.
We are going to make your wedding the talk of town!”
Cordell said calmly.
“If you need a hand with anything, just ask.
”
“I’ll be your bridesmaid, then!”
Everyone seemed joyful, but someone in the next room, separated only by a screen, was far from happy.
Mina, her cap pulled down low, scowled, her eyes burning red as she stared into the next room, clenching her teeth.
“Stella, why do you get to be happy so easily?” she grumbled to herself.
After the meal, Miley urged the men, “Off to work with you guys.
Stella and I have some shopping to catch up on.
”
Matthew leaned in and whispered to Stella, “Want me to come along?”
Stella’s cheeks flushed, and she bit her lip, trying to hide her shyness.
She gently pushed Matthew away.
“You’ve got work.
It’s been ages since Miley and I went shopping.
”
Matthew looked at her, Lingering for a few seconds before nodding in agreement.
###chapter957
He did have business to attend to at the office.
Before he left, he told Stella, “Call me if you need anything, okay?”
Miley teased, “Come on, you’re only parting for a bit.
No need to be so… hmm…”
Before she could finish, Stella playfully covered her mouth.
Stella gave an awkward smile and quickly said goodbye, pulling Miley with her.
After some distance, she let go of Miley’s hand.
Miley leaned in close and asked, “Did you enjoy last night? Matthew seems really into you.
I bet he was pleased.
”
“What are you talking about?” Stella, a bit flustered, tried to change the subject.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Come on, spill the beans! That hickey on your neck says it all…”
Stella, her cheeks turning red, covered her neck instinctively.
Under Miley’s curious gaze, she eventually spilled everything about the surprises Matthew had planned.
Miley’s eyes lit up.
“So, he finally got a clue, huh?”
She knew the struggles Stella had faced in her marriage and couldn’t help but feel moved.
“After everything, you’re finally having a sweet moment.
I’m so glad to see you happy.
”
Stella’s eyes brimmed with tears.
“And I’m happy for you too.
”
Miley, feeling emotional, quickly shifted gears.
“Let’s celebrate our happiness! I’ll treat you today.
Let’s go buy some clothes you Like.
”
Stella, wiping her tears, agreed.
“Okay, I won’t be shy then.
”
They chatted and laughed, heading towards the escalator to go down to the women’s clothing store.
The mall was quiet, being a workday noon, and they were the only ones on the escalator.
As they stepped into the elevator, Mina, who had been Lurking for a while, suddenly acted.
She kicked the emergency brake of the escalator, bringing it to a sudden halt.
Suddenly, the escalator jerked to a stop.
Caught off guard, Stella and Miley stumbled forward from the abrupt motion.
###chapter958
Stella quickly grabbed the handrail to steady herself, and once stable, she turned to Miley with concern.
“Are you alright?” Stella asked, reaching for Miley’s arm.
Miley’s hands trembled from the scare, but she managed a small nod.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” she replied, trying to sound composed.
They were lucky to escape with just a few minor scr@pes.
Looking up, Stella’s gaze fell on a woman in a hat leaving the escalator.
The silhouette was strikingly familiar, and Stella’s brow furrowed in recognition.
It was Mina.
Stella recalled the recent court day vividly.
She had testified about Mina’s aggression towards her.
And with Mina now out on bail, Stella’s thoughts darkened.
This had to be an act of spite.
“Why would the escalator just stop like that? There’s no way it’s a coincidence that the escalator had a malfunction.
We need to find the person responsible,” Miley said, her voice laced with anger as she clung to Stella’s hand, cautiously making their way out of the escalator.
“It was Mina.
” Stella’s reply was calm but frosty.
“Mina?” Miley echoed, surprised.
Stella nodded, sharing the history of bad blood between her and Mina.
“Damn it! Is she trying to kill you?” Miley rarely cursed, but her anger was palpable.
“We can’t let her get away with this.
Let’s get the security footage and take it to the police!”
She was ready to head to the security office, but Stella gently held her back.
“Let it go.
I’m feeling too good today to let her ruin it.
Let’s not stoop to her level, at least not now.
”
“Stella!”
Stella offered a comforting smile and said, “I’ll stay alert.
She won’t have the chance to harm me again.
”
Mina had made a grave mistake, enough to warrant imprisonment.
Recalling Farris’ worn expression from his recent visit, she chose to forgive Mina for his sake.
“Let’s go shopping instead,” Stella suggested, smoothly shifting the conversation.
###chapter959
Miley looked at her with concern.
Realizing Stella was determined not to pursue the matter, she let it go reluctantly.
She sighed, offering words of caution.
“Since she failed today, she’ll surely try again.
Be careful when you’re out.
Maybe have Matthew arrange for some bodyguards to accompany you.
”
“I understand,” Stella responded, her smile unwavering.
“Don’t worry.
I’ll be fine.
”
Three days passed and the prestigious award ceremony commenced.
The theatre’s decor was a sight to behold, with opulent blues and yellows, enhancing the grandeur of the event.
A massive high-tech LCD screen, showcasing the work of celebrated figures, dominated the venue’s wall.
Arriving with Alina’s entourage, Stella stepped onto the red carpet amid the dazzling flashes of cameras and the chorus of fan cheers, each moment heightening the event’s excitement.
The staff diligently broadcasted the gala to an international audience.
Alina was set to appear tenth.
Stella had done her homework.
She knew Alina would be flanked by two seasoned stars, neither of whom would overshadow her.
“Miss Walker, Let me give your gown one last check,” Stella insisted, ensuring every detail was perfect before Alina’s team snapped a few photos to share on social platforms like Twitter and Facebook.
‘s BunnyBookery
Shortly after, a staff member approached.
“Miss Walker, your moment is near.
Please prepare yourself.
”
Alina acknowledged with a nod, took a steadying breath, offered herself an encouraging smile in the mirror, adjusted her attire, and made her way to the spotlight.
Alina strolled towards the red carpet, her dress trailing on the ground.
The fine fabric dr@ped beautifully, testament to its quality.
Hidden yet peeking out were her silver-white crystal high heels as she moved.
Her presence was captivating, every curve and motion a study in elegance.
Everywhere she went, she would be in the spotlight.
Reaching the carpet’s heart, she accepted a pen from the host and signed her name.
Then, with a turn, she offered a gentle wave and a serene smile to the flashing cameras.
Her every gesture seemed effortless, her gown’s waves dancing with her steps, reminiscent of a sea goddess.
Onlookers and paparazzi couldn’t contain their admiration.
“Alina’s dress marks a bold new direction for her, and yet she’s stunning.
”
“She’s shining like a star tonight.
She’s undoubtedly the most dazzling personality on the red carpet tonight, incredibly beautiful!”
###chapter960
She looks exceptionally lovely!”
“Absolutely.
She stands alone in her grandeur today!”
The cameraman lingered on Alina’s dress for a lingering moment before zooming in on her face.
Her seductive figure was the center of attention for the camera.
The cameraman snapped pictures fervently, silently admiring, “She’s so perfect.
”
Alina gave the camera a playful wink, sending the crowd into a frenzy over her allure.
With a smile and a nod, she gracefully descended the stairs, dress in hand.
As she walked away, the host couldn’t help but declare, “Tonight, Alina truly is our mermaid princess.
”
The focus shifted away from Alina, and her entourage was quick to surround her.
An assistant dr@ped a light coat over her shoulders, guiding her to the waiting car for the next event.
The award show was airing live that evening.
Stella watched from the car, the online comments overflowing with compliments for Alina.
Then the door swung open, and Alina ducked into the car, tossing her coat aside without a thought.
Stella muted the tablet, looked up at Alina with genuine admiration, and said, “You’re the talk of the town.
Everyone, both here and online, can’t take their eyes off you.
”
Alina caught a glimpse of the tablet and the glowing comments, but her reaction was subdued.
“That’s to be expected,” she remarked calmly.
Something then crossed her mind, prompting her to ask, “What about the other celebrities’ outfits?”
That was what really interested her.
At that moment, other stars were gracing the red carpet.
Stella peeked at the screen and stated confidently, “From what I see, you’re unmatched tonight.
”
Alina’s tension eased with those words, and she smiled.
“I always appreciate your confidence.
”
As the ceremony began and Alina ascended the stage to collect her awards, Stella watched from the sidelines among the crew.
It was clear to her how much Alina stood out.
Blue Flame’s employees were glued to their phones, their excitement palpable.
“We’ve done it! Alina’s shot to the top spot!”
“ALL the headlines on major news sites tonight are about Alina.
”
“Alina’s fame has hit a new peak.
She’s her only real competition!”
Stella was also surfing through the comments, stealing glances at Alina onstage.
When Alina finished her graceful acceptance speech, the host promptly inquired, “Alina, your dress tonight is different from your usual style, and it looks stunning.
Did you pick it out yourself?”
With a smile to the host, Alina responded, “The dress is the work of an up-and-coming designer.
”
She turned to the crowd and declared, “Her name is Stella Anderson.
”
###chapter961
The room erupted in cheers as Alina concluded her announcement.
Stella was caught by surprise.
“Stella, you’re about to hit the big time!” A staff member standing beside Stella gave her elbow a gentle nudge and passed her an iPad.
“Look at this-your name is all over the screen.
They want you to design their clothes.
”
Stella accepted the iPad, her expression one of astonishment.
She hadn’t anticipated this turn of events, least of all Alina publicizing her work.
After all, Alina had always maintained a distance from her.
Although Alina’s demeanor had softened somewhat over time, she remained somewhat distant.
Yet, today’s gesture-Alina promoting her at a prestigious award ceremony-shattered her preconceived notions of Alina.
Alina wasn’t the cold-hearted person Stella had once pegged her to be.
Moved by the gesture, Stella’s face lit up with a heartfelt smile.
“Congratulations to the best designer of this year’s award ceremony!”
Stella looked up in confusion as a familiar voice came from beside her.
When she found Matthew standing there, her eyes widened in shock.
He was impeccably dressed in a dark blue suit that accentuated his tall stature and exuded an air of sophistication.
Standing side by side, they looked like a perfect couple.
“Why are you here?” Stella asked softly, regaining her composure.
Matthew tilted his head and smiled.
“I came to see my wife’s work.
I must say, I’m very impressed.
”
While he complimented Alina’s dress, his gaze lingered on Stella.
The glint in his eyes gave another meaning to his words.
Stella’s cheeks flushed with a shy rosiness.
“I didn’t realize it would turn out this well,” she admitted, her voice barely above a whisper.
Matthew responded with a light chuckle as his arm casually dr@ped over her shoulder.
He leaned in, his breath warm against her ear as he whispered, “Let’s celebrate at home later tonight.
”
Stella turned, locking eyes with him for a fleeting moment.
She instantly understood the hidden meaning behind his words.
###chapter962
She mumbled a response, her words trailing off into an inaudible murmur.
Their moment was interrupted by the host on stage.
“Miss Walker, you seem to really like this beautiful dress.
I’m sure everyone wants to know who designed it.
Is the designer present here tonight?”
“Yes, she’s right here in the audience.
”
The moment Alina finished her sentence, a bright spotlight zeroed in on where she pointed, highlighting not only Stella but also Matthew.
Feeling the sudden attention, Stella instinctively tried to slip away from Matthew’s grasp, but he only tightened his hold.
“Hey, let go,” Stella whispered urgently.
Matthew, however, pressed his lips together and stayed put.
A hush fell over the audience, all eyes fixed on the unexpected sight of Matthew holding a woman in his embrace for all to see.
The host, momentarily taken aback upon recognizing Matthew, quickly regained his composure.
“Oh, I never imagined Stella is Mr.
Clark’s wife!”
As his voice resonated through the microphone, the crowd erupted in a mixture of gasps and excited murmurs.
“Oh my God! It’s Mrs.
Clark! We finally get to see her!”
“Stella’s not just beautiful, she’s incredibly talented too.
I can’t decide who’s luckier, her or Mr.
Clark!”
“What a stunning couple they make!”
Amidst the buzzing of the crowd, Stella tried to look calm despite the nervous flutter in her heart.
She had never thought that when she would announce her relationship with Matthew officially, it would be in such a grand manner.
Indeed, the entire evening had unfolded beyond her wildest expectations.
The award ceremony ended successfully.
Afterward, Matthew left hand in hand with Stella, only to be swarmed by a group of reporters.
Their cameras focused on Stella, bombarding her with a barrage of questions.
“Is it true you’re officially with Mr.
Clark now?”
“Did you leave Prosperity Group to start your own business to avoid suspicion?”
“Was Mr.
Clark instrumental in your collaboration with Blue Flame?”
Stella, blinded by the flashing lights, shielded her eyes and paid little heed to the reporters’ inquiries.
###chapter963
Frowning, Matthew pulled Stella close, shielding her eyes from the Lights with one hand while embracing her with the other.
Their bodyguards swiftly intervened, blocking the cameras and microphones, escorting them away from the press.
Though the reporters didn’t get answers, Matthew’s protective actions spoke volumes.
“It seems Mr.
Clark genuinely cares for Stella.
There is no business arrangement.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“They’re a perfect match in appearance, physique, and demeanor, unmatched by anyone else.
”
“Furthermore, Stella’s talent shines.
Her design for Alina surpasses other famous designers’ works.
She’s truly successful in every aspect-talented, beautiful, with a wealthy husband.
”
Despite the bodyguards’ efforts, the slow exit allowed these compliments to reach Stella’s ears, easing her nerves.
Feeling a reassuring touch in her palm, Stella glanced down to see Matthew holding her hand firmly, offering a comforting expression.
Grateful for Matthew’s care and unwavering support from the start, Stella smiled, reciprocating the tight hold on his hand.
When Stella reached home, a message from Alina arrived.
“Great collaboration.
Hope for more in the future.
”
In a distant country-Dorburn-though the ceremony in Seamarsh ended, it replayed online.
A middle-aged woman, fixated on Alina’s dress, dialed a number.
“Bella?” The person on the Line seemed surprised by the unexpected call.
Getting straight to the point, Bella asked, “Mia, who was behind Alina’s dress design?”
Mia replied honestly, “It was by a newbie, Stella Anderson.
Why do you ask?”
She was surprised that Bella, a top designer, took interest despite Stella’s outstanding work.
Bella held a prestigious position as one of the foremost designers in Dorburn and globally.
Her designs had the power to ignite instant buzz within the design and fashion realms, dictating the current season’s design trends.
Her creations fetched top bids at exclusive auctions, commanding exorbitant prices.
Until now, only a select few had the privilege of commissioning her for design work.
Why would someone of such high stature take notice of Stella?
Mia remained bewildered as Bella asked, “Is she collaborating with Blue Flame?”
Mia answered quickly, “Yes.
”
As Alina vanished from the screen, Bella mused, “Stella Anderson.
”
She turned from the screen, smiling.
###chapter964
“I hope to meet her someday.
”
After the awards event, Stella’s studio received a surge of orders, overwhelming her ability to handle them alone.
Consequently, she had to hire assistants and additional designers.
This busy period kept her constantly occupied.
Amidst her busy schedule, Stella received a call from Matthew.
“Sorry, I have a meeting and can’t join you for lunch,” Matthew said apologetically, “I assume you’ll be working late tonight.
What food would you like? I’ll ask Fernando to deliver it.
”
Both of them led extremely busy lives, only managing to meet once a day before bedtime.
Matthew made an effort to have Lunch with her at the studio whenever he had the chance-a gesture Stella initially considered wasteful of his time, but he insisted.
She reluctantly agreed.
Listening to another voice on the call, Stella suspected Matthew found a moment amidst his own busy schedule to reach out to her.
Feeling sorry for distracting him, she said, “Don’t worry about me.
I’m not hungry yet.
I’ll order takeout when I am.
Focus on your work.
But I could use your help…”
Turning away from the multitude of resumes on her computer, she continued, “When you have time, please introduce some outstanding and dependable designers to me.
I can’t handle sifting through so many anymore.
”
She chuckled, somewhat indulgently, after her request.
Matthew readily agreed.
“I’ll have Fernando prepare it and send it over tonight.
”
As soon as he finished speaking, Stella’s phone buzzed.
Someone was calling.
Simultaneously, she happened to hear someone reminding Matthew that the meeting was about to begin.
Stella said, “I have a call.
It should be for an interview.
We’ll talk about it later.
”
After hanging up, she noticed Farris’ name on the screen.
She furrowed her brow.
Since their last encounter, they hadn’t been in touch.
What could Farris possibly want to discuss now?
After some consideration, she answered the call.
“Dr.
Barnes.
”
“Stella.
” Farris’ voice sounded strained.
“Dr.
Barnes, what’s wrong?” Stella asked.
###chapter965
Farris paused, collecting himself before he said slowly, “Today is Mina’s trial.
”
Stella was taken aback and instinctively glanced at the calendar on her table.
Previously, after she and Miley had found themselves in a precarious situation at the shopping mall, she had become somewhat watchful of Mina.
However, everything had proceeded smoothly afterward.
And amidst her busy life, she had gradually forgotten about Mina’s existence.
She was stunned upon hearing the news.
Regaining composure, Stella replied, “Understood.
”
“Stella…” After a brief hesitation, Farris asked, “Mina genuinely regrets her actions this time.
She wishes to apologize to you in person.
For my sake, could you consider meeting her?”
At this point, Stella couldn’t find a reason to refuse.
They would just have to meet once, and with Farris present, she doubted Mina would attempt anything.
“Okay.
” After a brief pause, she added, “For your sake, I’ll see her for the last time.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Thank you, Stella,” Farris said with a hint of bitterness.
“Send me the address, and I’ll pick you up.
”
Stella provided her studio’s address.
An hour later, Farris called, and Stella went downstairs.
As she stepped out, she noticed a light drizzle beginning, making the weather a bit cooler.
She shrugged, grabbed her coat, and hurried into the car.
“It’s suddenly gotten chilly.
Would you like another jacket?” Farris turned to her, attempting to ease the tension from their long absence.
“No.
We’ll only meet her.
I’ll be back soon.
” Concerned by Farris’ tired Stella couldn’t but “Have been appearance, help ask, you busy at the hospital lately? As a doctor, you should take care of yourself, or patients will worry about you too.
”
With his gaze lowered, Farris tightened his grip on the steering wheel and murmured, “I’ve been trying to assist Mina these days, hoping the court will be lenient in her sentencing.
”
Noticing Stella’s surprise, he added, “Even though I dislike Mina, our families have a strong bond.
If I can help, I feel I should.
”
Stella nodded silently.
Recognizing her stance towards Mina, Farris chose not to pursue the topic.
He started the car and drove off.
Throughout their conversation, both avoided discussing Mina.
Approaching a traffic light near the courthouse, Farris stopped at a red signal.
###chapter966
Frowning and hesitating, he turned to Stella and said, “There’s something I need to tell you.
If I don’t say it now, I might not get another chance.
I’m leaving soon for further studies abroad.
”
Observing the seriousness in Farris’ expression, Stella sat upright and asked seriously, “What is it?”
Before Farris could speak, the green light illuminated.
After composing himself, Farris was abruptly cut off by a car horn.
“Let’s talk later,” he said, starting the car.
As they moved forward, a minibus sped towards them at an alarming speed.
Farris maneuvered the steering wheel, veering the car to the side as swiftly as possible.
Stella watched the approaching minibus with growing dread, her heart sinking as she shut her eyes.
In an instant, the car collided forcefully and came to an abrupt halt.
Due to the force, both Stella and Farris were thrust forward.
Despite the presence of airbags, they felt disoriented and dizzy.
Stella kept her eyes closed until the queasiness subsided, her heart pounding furiously in her chest.
Without Farris’ quick reflexes, they might not have survived the collision.
As Farris was about to check on Stella, he noticed through the rearview mirror the minibus didn’t stop; instead, it was turning back, hurtling towards them.
“Damn it!” Farris hurriedly tried to restart the car, but the impact had rendered it immobile.
Seeing the minibus approaching, Farris unbuckled Stella’s seat belt and urged her, “Stella, get out of the car.
Hurry!”
Witnessing the minibus closing in, Stella opened her door.
Just as she was about to exit, she glanced back and saw the distorted door on Farris’ side, rendering it impossible for him to open it.
“Farris, I’ll go first.
Try to get out from my side!” Stella exclaimed.
“Farris!”
The minibus accelerated suddenly.
There was no time for them to escape.
“Protect your head! Get down!” Farris yelled urgently.
He reached out, shielding Stella’s head, then moved from the driver’s seat, tightly sheltering her under his body.
A deafening crash ensued, followed by another, resonating chillingly in Stella’s ears.
The car absorbed a tremendous impact from the minibus, careening onto the roadside.
The windshield was shattered.
###chapter967
The piercing collision noise reverberated in Stella’s ears.
After what felt like an eternity, the noise ceased.
Pressed down, Stella couldn’t utter a word.
After a while, with great effort, she lifted her head only to hear Farris’ feeble voice above her.
“Stella… Are you… okay?”
His words were faint, trailing off into barely discernible breaths.
Shaking her head, Stella realized Farris couldn’t see her.
“I’m fine.
How about you?”
As she spoke, warm liquid dripped onto her, alarming her as she discovered it was blood.
“Farris, are you alright? Say something!” Panic surged through Stella, but she was held firmly by him, unable to move.
“Farris, don’t scare me!” Despite her fear, she tried to reassure him.
“Hold on.
Help is coming.
The police and the doctor will be here soon.
”
The distant sound of a police siren reached her ears.
It seemed someone had called for help.
“Farris… Say something…”
Farris’ hand moved slightly, followed by a deep exhale, then a weak voice.
“Stella…”
Struggling to focus, he attempted to see the woman in his arms, but his vision was blurred.
“I’m afraid I’ll be separated from you again.
” Farris struggled to express himself.
“Stella, I was bullied before, and you told me to hang on… Ahem…”
“Farris… Stella was overwhelmed, not fully comprehending his words.
“Don’t talk.
Hold on.
Help is on the way!”
Stella was gripped by fear, repeatedly calling out, “Farris.
”
“The car door is locked,” someone said above her head.
It seemed the rescue team had finally arrived.
With a flicker of hope, Stella cried out for help and pleaded, “Please hurry! My friend is in critical condition.
”
###chapter968
To ensure their safety, the rescuers hesitated to break through the window and opted to remove the door instead.
The waiting seemed interminable.
Stella sensed Farris’ breath fading, intensifying her fear.
Farris coughed weakly, finally showing some response.
“Stella.
”
“I’m here, Farris,” Stella hurriedly reassured him.
“Help is on its way.
You have to hold on.
”
“I…” Farris felt his consciousness slipping, but a glimmer of hope remained.
Struggling to stay conscious, he told Stella, “You’re strong.
You’ll make it.
”
Hearing Farris’ feeble voice and feeling more blood on her hands, Stella panicked.
“Farris, I’m okay.
You have to make it.
Nothing can happen to you.
We’ve just met; you’re my good friend.
I can’t lose you.
”
Her frantic words fell on deaf ears as Farris didn’t respond.
“Farris?” Stella persisted, despite her heartache, calling his name repeatedly.
Fortunately, the door was finally removed.
‘s BunnyBookery
A few people emerged, pulling Farris who was shielding Stella beneath him, and then pulled her.
When Stella was pulled out, she saw Farris’ face, unrecognizable due to the blood masking his features.
It was a crushing blow.
She never anticipated that Farris would sacrifice himself to save her.
“Farris.
“Tears streamed down her face as she tried desperately to wake him.
Farris, we’re saved.
Wake up! Look at me!”
Farris appeared to have heard her plea.
Despite the struggle, he managed to turn his head, offering a strained smile to Stella, attempting to say something.
“What do you want to say? Just say slowly.
I’m Listening…” Bending closer, Stella strained to catch Farris’ words.
In a feeble voice, Farris said slowly, word by word, “Take care, my most precious friend.
”
Immediately after finishing his words, his hand, poised to lift, fell heavily by his side.
“Farris!” Stella let out a scream, her consciousness fading gradually due to her injuries.
###chapter969
Suddenly, heavy rain fell, mixing with blood, blurring her vision.
The scene before Stella faded away gradually.
The sound of the wind seemed like a mournful Lament.
Matthew rushed to the hospital upon receiving the call.
By then, Stella’s wounds had been treated, and she was in the ward.
Watching her pallid face, Matthew felt a surge of pain.
They were on the phone just this afternoon.
How did she end up in this condition?
“Sorry… I failed to protect you well,” he whispered, holding Stella’s hand gently.
“During the accident, someone shielded Mrs.
Clark.
She sustained minor injuries, which we’ve treated.
She passed out due to extreme shock; we administered a tranquilizer,” the doctor told Matthew.
Matthew breathed a sigh of relief.
He stared at Stella and asked the doctor, “Who saved her? How are they doing?”
“He…” The doctor shook his head sadly.
Stella had a dream of the car accident again.
The scene was blurry, but she saw the face of the man who called her “baby daughter.
” It was a handsome face with a pair of warm eyes.
She chased after him, calling, “Daddy!”
The scene changed abruptly to the car accident.
The car was smashed to pieces, and the ground was covered in blood.
The man’s warm eyes were closed, and his face was pale.
He muttered her name.
Soon, his hand holding Stella’s grew cold, and he stopped breathing.
Stella woke up from her dream, panting hard.
She sat up on the bed, trying to calm herself.
“Are you awake?” Matthew asked as he smoothed her messy hair and wiped the sweat off her forehead.
“Are you all right? I’ll call the doctor over,” he added, rubbing Stella’s cold hands.
When Stella heard the word “doctor,” she gradually calmed down.
“Where is Farris?” She remembered that Farris had been on a stretcher before she passed out.
Matthew didn’t answer.
He stared at Stella, an unfathomable expression on his face.
After a few moments of silence, he patted her on the head softly and said, “You just woke up.
You should rest.
”
###chapter970
“Where is Farris?” Stella repeated stubbornly.
Matthew, however, said nothing.
Stella threw back the covers on the bed, saying, “If you won’t tell me, I’ll go find him myself.
”
Matthew held her before she could get out of bed and said, “Calm down, Stella.
You just woke up.
You should rest first.
I’ll take you to see him later.
”
“Matthew.
” Stella had a bad feeling concerning Farris.
“Tell me the truth.
Did something happen to Farris?” She was on the verge of tears by now.
Matthew stopped stroking her hair.
He found it hard to speak when he saw her eyes glistening with tears.
He didn’t want to lie to her, nor did he want her to know the cruel truth.
Staring at him, Stella said, “You can tell me.
I can take it.
”
“Farris died before he could be taken to the hospital,” Matthew finally said.
Tears welled up in her eyes, and it felt like her heart was being squeezed.
She sobbed deeply, causing her to run out of breath.
Matthew held her in his arms.
He hated to see her cry.
“I’ll compensate Farris’ family very well so that they never lack for the rest of their lives,” he said, patting Stella comfortingly on her back.
Stella finally stopped crying after a while.
She raised her head and looked at Matthew.
“It was not an accident.
”
She was sure the minibus had been headed for their car.
Matthew nodded and said, “The driver was caught, and he admitted everything.
”
“Who was behind it?” Stella asked with venom in her voice.
Matthew hesitated for a while before finally answering, “It was Mina.
She has been arrested.
She found out that Farris died when she was arrested and went crazy in prison.
”
Mina had used the apology as an excuse to get Stella to go out.
However, she had planned to have her killed.
She had given Stella’s picture to the killer.
The killer had seen Stella at the intersection through infrared video equipment and carried out his plan.
###chapter971
However, Mina had not been expecting that it would be Farris who would lose his Life.
Stella smiled coldly at this.
“It’s quite ironic.
Farris was good to her and helped her a lot, yet she killed him and will never get to see him again.
”
She burst into tears again after she said this.
It shouldn’t have been Farris who died!
Matthew wiped the tears off her face.
Trying his best to comfort her, he said, “Don’t worry.
I’ll take care of Farris’ family.
I’ve arranged for his funeral already.
”
“Thank you,” Stella said gratefully.
“You should go back to bed now.
”
“No.
I want to go see Farris and his parents,” Stella said, shaking her head.
Matthew didn’t want Stella to see Farris at this moment.
She just woke up.
The sight of Farris’ body would unavoidably link her thoughts to the car accident, potentially causing her to faint due to overwhelming emotions.
“Stella…”
As soon as he called her, Stella preempted his intention.
She said, “Mina intended to kill me, and Farris saved me.
I need to see him.
”
Despite Matthew’s attempt to dissuade her, her subdued plea compelled his agreement.
“I’ll accompany you.
” Draping a coat around Stella, he escorted her to the morgue.
Stepping off the elevator, Stella was met with a hysterical wail.
Pausing momentarily, she mustered the courage to proceed.
Aileen was in inconsolable tears, held by a middle-aged man who seemed to be Farris’ adoptive father.
Meanwhile, Farris lay covered by a white sheet.
The scene caused Stella’s eyes to redden anew.
She suppressed her tears, covering her mouth in distress.
At that moment, a nurse emerged, her eyes bloodshot yet maintaining professional composure.
“This is Dr.
Barnes’ organ donation agreement before his passing.
Please sign.
”
Aileen grew more desperate.
She cried out, “Farris, my son! He worked so hard and became an excellent doctor.
How could this happen?”
She clung to Farris and pleaded “Farris, don’t leave me.
Wake up…”
###chapter972
Farris’ father attempted to pull her up but was unsuccessful.
Stella, fighting back tears, approached Aileen and offered solace.
“Mrs.
Barnes, Farris would be saddened to see you like this.
He’s gone.
Please take care of yourself for his peace.
”
Recognizing Stella, Aileen gripped her hand tearfully.
“If I knew, I wouldn’t have asked him to help Mina.
Farris was kind and never harmed anyone.
She’s vicious! How could she kill Farris?”
Her sobbing intensified, and she seemed on the brink of fainting.
“Evil people will face consequences, and the law will seek justice for Farris.
”
“I only want my son!” Aileen, tear-streaked, lamented.
“Though I adopted Farris, I’ve raised him as my own.
Farris, my son, how could you leave us?”
Stella was taken aback to learn Farris was also an orphan, but this realization faded amidst Aileen’s anguish.
As Stella moved to console Aileen, a policeman approached with a transparent bag.
“Please identify the deceased’s belongings.
”
“Take it away…” Aileen attempted to push the bag aside.
Seeing Aileen’s deep sorrow, Stella hesitated before reaching out.
“Give it to me.
”
Examining the bag, she found a phone and a wallet.
Inside the wallet, among other items, was a photo that caught her attention.
She furrowed her brow slightly but couldn’t resist pulling out the photo.
In an instant, her eyes widened in surprise.
It was a picture of a boy and a girl.
More so, that girl was her!
The familiar scene recalled memories of the boy in the photo, her best friend from the orphanage, Calan.
Stella couldn’t believe her eyes.
Trembling, memories flooded back.
Farris’ last words echoed in her mind, deepening her sorrow.
His inexplicable concern for her during Clint’s hospitalization and his underlying worry finally made sense.
He had recognized her long before she realized he was Calan.
###chapter973
Overwhelmed by grief, tears welled in Stella’s eyes.
Clutching the photo, she felt dizzy, almost unable to stand.
Matthew rushed to support her.
“Stella…”
Grasping the bed’s edge, Stella broke into tears.
“I’m sorry.
I didn’t know it was you.
Farris…”
Matthew furrowed his brow and embraced her more tightly.
“It’s alright.
Everything will be alright.
”
Despite Matthew’s attempt to console her, Stella’s sorrow poured out in tears within his embrace.
Due to Stella’s identity, the news of the car accident drew increased attention on the Internet.
“Oh my God! The scene was horrific! Two lives at stake.
The driver at fault deserves severe consequences!”
“Why was the driver speeding at a red light? Was it deliberate? Did he want to kill Stella?”
“This seems like an intentional accident, an attempt on their lives!”
“Stella’s situation is heartbreaking.
Just as Matthew revealed their marriage, this accident occurred.
Is she being targeted by the enemies of the Clark family?”
The police hadn’t yet publicized the accident.
Relying on reporters’ some online users defended while posted videos, against injustice, others speculated wildly, sparking discussions.
A reporter delving into Stella’s background stumbled upon the accident video that left her orphaned twenty years ago.
Its exposure ignited another fervent internet debate.
Upon seeing the news, Fernando promptly informed Matthew.
Following the directive, he worked tirelessly with the public relations department throughout the night to debunk rumors and halt the spread of the news.
However, Clint still came across the news.
Promptly, he called Matthew.
At that moment, Matthew was with Stella in the ward.
She had cried so intensely moments ago that she fell into a coma once again.
When Clint’s call came in, Matthew, afraid it might disturb Stella, stood up and stepped out.
Closing the door, he answered the call.
Clint asked urgently, “Matthew, how is Stella? There’s news online about her being in a car accident.
Is she injured? I’ll come to Seamarsh immediately.
”
“Stella is okay,” Matthew reassured him.
“Don’t worry.
I’m taking care of her.
She will recover.
Please stay calm in Bysea.
Once she’s better, I’ll bring her to see you.
”
“Is she truly okay?” Clint was concerned that Matthew might just be consoling him.
###chapter974
“I saw the online video of that car wreck.
The car Stella was in was completely wrecked.
I need to hear her voice to ease my mind.
”
Patiently, Matthew explained, “Stella is resting.
I’ll have her call you when she wakes up.
”
After a pause, he changed the subject.
“By the way, was there a car accident in Stella’s past before you adopted her?”
Clint fell unexpectedly silent at this question.
His silence confirmed some of Matthew’s suspicions.
“The video of Stella’s car accident twenty years ago has surfaced.
It has been confirmed the family of three in the video were Stella and her parents.
”
After a prolonged silence, Clint sighed.
“It’s time to disclose the truth.
”
Matthew didn’t respond, waiting quietly.
“In reality, Stella wasn’t abandoned at the orphanage.
Her mother entrusted her to me.
”
“Do you recall what her mother looked like?”
Clint sighed.
“I can’t remember, but I believe she’s still alive.
”
After the call, Matthew lingered in the corridor before returning to the ward.
Stella had awoken.
She sat on the bed, fixated on a photo of herself and Farris from their younger days.
Putting his phone away, Matthew closed the door and approached her slowly.
He embraced her, planting a gentle ki*s on her forehead.
“Your grandpa called just now, worried about you.
I assured him you’re fine.
You need to stay strong too.
”
Stella’s eyes remained fixed on the photo.
Trying to contain her sorrow, she croaked, “Why is life so unpredictable?”
Wasn’t this the very thing Farris wanted to convey before the accident?
He had the chance to disclose in person that he was Calan.
###chapter975
Just a moment before the traffic lights changed…
Matthew gazed at Stella and murmured, “Life is unpredictable; thus, we must look ahead.
We’ll seek justice for Farris.
”
Stella stayed silent, touching the photo, seemingly transported back in time.
She rested against Matthew, finding solace in his gentle embrace.
Soon, exhaustion overwhelmed her, and she drifted into sleep.
Matthew carefully laid her down, tucked her in, and sat by her side.
Holding her hand, he gazed at her peaceful face, silently vowing, “You’ll be okay.
When you get better, we’ll find your mother.
”
The day they laid Farris to rest was just as gloomy and rainy as the day he had that fatal car crash.
Matthew, caught up with the final checks at Fairwa, couldn’t be there with Stella for the funeral.
At eight in the morning, the ceremony started.
Stella, clad in a somber black outfit, stood under a black umbrella next to Aileen.
She was unfamiliar with funeral customs, and Farris’ adoptive parents, though aware of his demise, seemed too lost in their grief to focus on anything but their tears.
Matthew had taken care of all the funeral arrangements.
At the service, they displayed a large photo of Farris, taken when he graduated.
He looked so young and pure in it, his smile always gentle, always bringing comfort to those around him.
Since Farris grew up in an orphanage, most of the attendees were the doctors and nurses he worked with.
Aileen, unable to contain her sorrow, wept in Stella’s embrace.
Suddenly, she pulled away, collapsing in front of his headstone.
Tears streaming down her face, she wailed, “Farris, my son, how could you leave your father and me to live without you? It’s all my fault.
I never should have pushed you to reconnect with the Hughes family.
I’m so sorry.
I’ve made a terrible mistake.
I’m the worst…”
Stella bit her lip, fighting hard to keep her own tears at bay.
She still couldn’t accept that Farris was gone.
After the funeral, Farris’ father, looking worn and much older, was about to leave, holding Aileen.
He gave Stella a tired nod.
Stella, holding Aileen’s hand, said, “Aileen, take care of yourself, okay? Farris would want that.
And if you need anything, just tell me.
###chapter976
I’ll help however I can.
”
Aileen looked lost, her eyes dull.
Suddenly remembering something, Aileen stopped, called Stella over, and pulled out a notebook from her bag.
Stella was puzzled.
“It’s Farris’ diary,” Aileen said through tears.
“Your name’s all over it.
I think you should have it.
”
Stella accepted the diary, its black leather cover smooth and sturdy.
She ran her fingers over it, trying not to cry, but her eyes reddened.
Clutching the notebook tight, she whispered, “Thanks.
”
After Aileen left, Stella stood frozen, gazing at the diary.
Finally, she slowly opened it.
It was only half-filled, but her name was on every page, from start to finish.
Stella was leafing through the pages when memories of her encounter with Farris flooded back.
“Just a few days ago, someone approached me for a surgery on an elderly man from Bysea.
Turns
“I heard Stella’s married to Matthew, the famous CEO of Seamarsh.
She really landed a great guy.
Guess I shouldn’t have disturbed her life again.
”
Before she knew it, Stella reached the diary’s final page, two hours having slipped by.
Standing alone in front of the gravestone, she lost track of time, only snapping back to reality when her phone buzzed.
It was Matthew, texting, “All done? Do you need a ride?”
Stella shut the diary, gave a respectful nod to the gravestone, and walked away.
She texted back, declining Matthew’s offer as she descended the hill.
After Matthew’s reply, she pocketed her phone.
Looking up, Stella noticed a man in a wheelchair, pausing at a step.
After a brief hesitation, she approached and offered, “Excuse me, Sir, need a hand?”
The man turned around.
###chapter977
Dressed in a black windbreaker and hat, the man appeared strikingly cold.
He tilted his hat down, revealing his icy eyes.
Stella shivered upon encountering his gaze.
Silently, the man fixed his eyes on her.
Stella’s palms began to sweat in the tense silence, but she steadied herself and greeted, “Hello, do you need something?”
He remained silent, his stare unbroken.
A hint of concern crossed Stella’s face.
Was he unable to speak?
Her fear gave way to sympathy.
She noticed the height of the cemetery steps and offered, “These steps are pretty steep.
Let me help you down.
” She waited for his nod before proceeding.
Assuming his silent consent, Stella began assisting him down, struggling slightly with the weight of the man and his motorized wheelchair.
After managing the descent, Stella mopped her brow.
Suddenly, he said in a raspy voice, “Thank you.
”
Stella replied hastily, “Don’t worry about it.
It’s fine.
Goodbye.
”
With those words, she left the cemetery.
The man stood there, watching her until she was out of sight.
He then looked away, his eyes narrowing a bit.
After a while, he pulled out his phone, glanced at a picture, and whispered, “Stella…”
A slight smile appeared on his face.
Having left the cemetery, Stella took a taxi back to Prosper Bay.
Just as she got out, she noticed Matthew’s car driving up.
She waited by the door for him.
As soon as his car stopped, he hurried out from the back seat, not even waiting for the driver to open the door.
He looked weary but his face Lit up at the sight of Stella.
Seeing his expression, Stella asked, “Is everything sorted with the Fairwa project?”
Matthew nodded and embraced her, giving her a ki*s.
###chapter978
“It’s all set.
Fairwa’s ready to shine.
How about we start our honeymoon trip there?” he asked, holding her close.
Stella didn’t hesitate.
“Sure.
”
Glancing at her watch, she realized it was nearly time for dinner.
“I’ll cook,” she said, her voice sounding weary and a bit hoarse from crying.
Matthew sensed her sadness, especially after Farris’ funeral.
He suggested, “How about dinner out? Fernando’s already reserved us a table.
”
Stella, a bit lost in thought, asked, “Are you driving?”
Matthew, surprised by her question, chuckled.
“Yeah, of course.
”
Stella, her emotions bubbling up, simply nodded.
Understanding she was probably still affected by the funeral, Matthew gently ruffled her hair and suggested they get ready.
After freshening up, they were about to leave when suddenly, Miley appeared at their doorstep.
Startled, Stella noticed Miley’s troubled look and asked, “Miley, what’s wrong? You don’t look too good.
”
Miley, sidestepping the question, asked, “Heading out?”
“Yeah, dinner with Matthew.
Have you eaten?”
Miley grabbed Stella’s hand and said, “I’ll join you.
”
Even though Miley kept quiet, her odd actions made it clear to Stella that she was upset and troubled about something.
Stella decided to see what Matthew thought.
Matthew nodded in agreement, hoping to Lighten Stella’s spirits.
“Sure, let’s all go.
”
Matthew was at the wheel, driving, while Stella and Miley sat together in the back.
Despite Stella’s attempts to engage Miley in conversation, Miley remained sullen, offering only forced smiles in response.
###chapter979
Sensing Miley’s reluctance to talk, Stella stopped trying and simply held her hand, offering silent support.
Upon their arrival at the restaurant, a waiter immediately recognized Matthew and showed them to their table.
As they settled in, the waiter presented them with menus.
Miley, still visibly upset, carelessly tossed her menu onto the table and turned her gaze outside, lost in her thoughts.
Stella, while perusing her menu, noticed the restaurant’s name and realized it was part of the Pierce family’s business.
She casually asked Matthew, “You come here often, don’t you?”
Matthew, understanding her line of thought, confirmed, “Yes, Neville owns this place.
”
The waiter, full of enthusiasm, quickly suggested, “Mrs.
Clark, our restaurant’s signature dish is the black truffle.
”
“It sounds like it’s worth trying,” Stella said.
“Miley, this place belongs to Neville.
What would you like? Matthew can get Neville to come over and pay the bill.
”
On the way over, Stella pondered how well Miley’s business was doing, realizing she shouldn’t be so upset over the company.
It could be Neville who was upsetting her.
Sure enough, at the mention of Neville’s name, Miley’s face soured.
“This is Neville’s restaurant,” she hissed, snatching the menu from Stella and handing it to the waiter.
“Please bring everything on this menu and your priciest bottle of wine.
The bill’s on your boss.
”
“Well…” The waiter hesitated, then murmured, “Sorry, but we can’t put this on credit.
”
Miley’s irritation grew.
Matthew took the menu, telling the waiter, “Just do what she asked.
”
The waiter, not daring to argue, simply said, “Yes.
” He then turned around and quickly walked away.
Seeing Miley’s reaction, Stella felt certain about her suspicions.
She asked, “Did Neville upset you?”
Miley paused, unsure of what to say.
After a moment, she turned to Matthew.
“Are the Pierces really that wealthy?”
###chapter980
Matthew just raised an eyebrow, not denying it.
Annoyed, Miley blurted out, “I knew it, the rich just don’t care about money.
I should’ve charged more today.
I was too nice.
”
Stella looked puzzled.
“What’s going on?”
Miley, still fuming, spilled the whole story.
“This morning, Neville’s mom showed up at my office.
She handed me a check for twenty million, telling me to break up with Neville.
I was so mad that I actually took the check.
”
Stella was taken aback.
“But Miley, you’re successful and run a modeling agency.
Why would she do that?”
With a bitter laugh, Miley continued, “She basically implied that my work in the entertainment industry makes me…unworthy.
She thought she could just buy me off.
I just don’t understand.
Why don’t they like me?”
As Miley talked, her anger turned to hurt.
Stella’s expression darkened in sympathy when a voice outside said, “I Mr.
Pierce.
”
Neville strode towards them.
Stella instinctively glanced at Matthew.
Noticing his composed dem
eanor, she realized that he must have informed Neville of Miley’s whereabouts.
She was impressed by Matthew’s keen awareness of the tension between Miley and Neville.
After much thought, Stella concluded that as Miley’s closest friend, it wasn’t her place to meddle.
It was better for Miley and Neville to sort things out themselves.
As Neville approached, he gave Stella a brief nod and said, “Hi, Stella.
”
His voice was steady, but his anxious expression betrayed his worry.
His gaze shifted to Miley, but she turned away, refusing to look at him.
Neville’s brow furrowed.
“Stella, I need to speak with Miley alone.
Would you mind moving?”
Without hesitation, Matthew rose and led Stella away.
“Stella…” Miley began, reaching for her bag to follow them.
But Neville caught her hand.
###chapter981
“Miley, please let me explain…”
“I don’t want to hear it,” Miley snapped back, anger flaring within her.
The memory of Neville’s mother’s disdainful attitude and the check she had thrust at her flashed in her mind.
She had never felt so belittled, even when she was establishing her own business.
Neville’s grip tightened, his resolve clear.
“Let me go, Neville.
I’ve accepted your mother’s check.
I’ll keep my distance from you and your family.
” Miley struggled to free herself.
“It’s all my fault.
I’m truly sorry for the hurt you’ve endured,”
Neville said with sincerity.
“Trust me, Miley.
My love for you is real.
I know my past as a playboy, but you’ve changed me.
I want to be a better man for you.
”
Miley’s face softened slightly, yet she remained upset about his mother’s actions.
“What your mother did today, I can’t just let go.
”
Neville nodded, his face full of sincerity, and promised, “I’ll take care of it.
You won’t have to face such issues again.
”
Not far away, Matthew and Stella found themselves at the restaurant he had chosen, right nearby.
After dinner, they strolled around the area.
Stella’s thoughts were with Miley, pondering over her situation with Neville.
‘s BunnyBookery
She wished she could offer advice, but her experience was different.
After she married Matthew, the Clark family had been nothing but kind to her.
Miley’s circumstances were a stark contrast, and Stella felt at a loss.
“Matthew.
” Stella voiced her concern.
“Do you think Neville is a good match for Miley?”
Matthew gripped her hand firmly, responding thoughtfully, “From what I’ve seen, he’s never been this serious about a girl.
He must be in love.
”
But Stella’s worry only deepened.
She let out a sigh.
“I just hope he treats Miley right and manages to solve these problems.
”
Matthew simply smiled and remained silent.
They continued their walk before heading home.
###chapter982
Stella opted for a shower, while Matthew headed to his study for work.
As he opened a document, Fernando’s call came through.
Matthew frowned, anticipating the news.
On the phone, he cut to the chase.
“Did you find anything?”
“Yes.
We’ve matched Mrs.
’s portrait to the timeline of that year, identifying a likely person.
She’s Bella Wallace, a renowned designer in Dorburn,” Fernando reported thoroughly.
Matthew’s brow twitched slightly as he focused on the information sent by Fernando.
The name Bella rang a distant bell in his memory.
‘s BunnyBookery
Her designs were fantastic, steering clear of tiring cliches.
Many attempted to imitate her style but fell short.
A small smile crept across Matthew’s face.
It made sense that Stella possessed such a strong design talent.
She might have inherited it from her mother.
With this realization, Matthew instructed Fernando, “Keep digging.
Use any means necessary to gather more precise details.
”
After the call ended, a wave of relief washed over him.
Finally, there was progress after a drawn out investigation.
Although Stella rarely spoke about it, Matthew sensed her Longing to find her biological parents.
The idea of her meeting her mother soon excited him.
However, the investigation was still in progress.
Matthew decided not to reveal too much to Stella to prevent premature excitement.
He took a moment to calm his emotions and committed to expediting the investigation.
After her shower, Stella discovered Matthew sitting on the bed, and it caught her off guard.
With her hair still wet, she grabbed a towel and inquired, “You finished so quickly?”
Matthew nodded and motioned for Stella to take a seat.
“Sit here, I’ll dry your hair,” he offered.
Positioning himself behind her, he gently worked the hairdryer through her damp locks.
Stella felt the tenderness in his touch as his fingers glided through her hair.
Closing her eyes, she relished the moment.
###chapter983
“This is the first time my partner has shown such caring attention.
”
Although Matthew appeared inexperienced, his touch was gentle and considerate.
It seemed like his first time doing something like this.
Looking down at Stella, he asked in a hushed tone, “Did any of your ex-boyfriends ever dry your hair?”
Stella was taken aback, meeting his gaze through the mirror.
His expression was neutral, giving nothing away.
Perplexed, she absentmindedly scratched her head.
Why was he suddenly asking about her past relationships today?
Stella felt there was no need to keep her history a secret.
She answered honestly, “My first love… Well, it wasn’t exactly love.
”
Her tone carried a hint of irony as she reminisced, “He was married.
I only found out months into our relationship and decided to end it.
However, he couldn’t let go, perhaps wounded in his pride.
He harassed me for a long time.
I eventually had to call the police.
”
The hairdryer’s hum faded as her story ended.
Matthew gently set it aside, grasped Stella’s shoulders, and turned her to face him.
Leaning in, he pulled her into a hug, his face nestled in her fragrant, soft hair.
In a deep voice, he uttered, “I’m sorry.
I just wanted to understand you better.
From today, let go of any past sorrows.
I won’t let you endure any more pain.
”
“Hmm.
Matthew, I’m so happy to have met you.
” Stella smiled, hugging him tightly and resting in the comfort of his embrace.
It felt like everything was easier since she crossed paths with Matthew.
His companionship and unwavering support during tough times meant the world to her.
“And I am also happy to have married you,” Matthew admitted with a loving touch, his eyes filled with affection as he gently ran his fingers through her hair.
In that moment, he silently promised to cherish and safeguard Stella, ensuring she’d never face harm again.
Seamarsh grew colder after Farris’ funeral.
Stella’s studio received more orders.
However, she seemed to be distracted.
Her designs were sloppy and less graceful than they usually were.
Matthew could sense how unhappy she was, but every time he tried to talk about it, she changed the topic.
He tried investigating Bella but was told that she had been invited for a design project and could not be allowed contact with the outside world for the time being.
He had no idea when the project would be ending.
In the end, Matthew had no choice but to speak to Mateo again.
###chapter984
“Mr.
Aguilar, my wife hasn’t been feeling well of late.
Can you stay in Seamarsh for a few more days and talk to her?” Matthew said to Mateo on the phone.
He believed Stella was in a bad mood because of Farris’ death and the car accident.
Mateo agreed.
He quickly rearranged his schedule after that.
They both agreed on a time for the therapy appointment before ending the call.
Matthew took Stella to see Mateo that day.
They didn’t meet at Prosper Bay this time.
Instead, they met on the top floor of a restaurant.
The restaurant had a total of 52 floors, and the view on the top floor was quite beautiful.
Matthew booked all the rooms on the top floor in order to give Mateo and Stella some privacy.
It was only the three of them on the top floor.
Stella sat down opposite Mateo.
Stella unconsciously relaxed as the environment itself seemed relaxed.
“Do you have any hobbies, Mrs.
Clark?” Mateo asked.
Stella was a little surprised at this question.
She remembered the last time she had met Mateo.
He had shown her a video of a car accident, eliciting a visible reaction from her.
However, today he talked to her casually, as though he were only interested in having a chat with her.
Although surprised, Stella answered honestly.
Matthew, who was sitting next to her, listened attentively to the conversation between the two of them.
They chatted like this for a while.
Mateo kept talking about her personal life, which felt a little strange to Stella.
Stella couldn’t help it anymore.
“Why don’t you ask me about the car accident?”
Mateo smiled at this.
However, he didn’t answer her question.
Instead, he said, “Should I assume that you are ready to face what happened since you asked this question now?”
Stella pursed her lips, not knowing what to say.
After a few seconds, she turned to Matthew and said, “I saw a bakery downstairs when we came up.
I’m craving some cake.
Can you get some for me?”
How could such a top-dining establishment as this have no bakery?
Matthew understood what Stella was hinting at.
It seemed she didn’t want him listening to their conversation.
###chapter985
However, he didn’t argue.
Instead, he stood up and said, “Do you want anything else?”
“No,” Stella replied, shaking her head.
After Matthew left, Stella turned back to Mateo and said, “I have something to ask you.
”
“Go ahead.
”
After a few seconds of hesitation, Stella said, “I don’t think I’m getting better.
I think I even got worse.
A few days ago… Have you read the news? I’ve had trouble getting into a car after the accident.
I have to mentally prepare myself before I’m able to get in a car.
”
Frowning, her fists clenched unconsciously.
“What do I do, Mr.
Aguilar?” Stella asked.
By now, her face looked pale.
She looked quite helpless.
A frown appeared on Matthew’s face in the elevator.
He didn’t understand why Stella would rather tell Mateo her problems than tell him.
He was still thinking about this when the elevator stopped on the first floor.
When he came out of the restaurant, he saw the bakery Stella had mentioned.
There was a long line at the entrance.
Resigned to a long wait, he stood at the end of the line.
Although his face was devoid of expression, it was still difficult not to attract the attention of others due to his height and his handsome face.
Several young girls on the line had already grown attracted to him.
They giggled amongst themselves and took pictures of him secretly on their mobile phones.
They soon began to whisper among themselves.
‘s BunnyBookery
“He’s really handsome.
I want to go over and say hello to him.
Maybe he would give me his contact information.
”
“Do handsome men like him also Like cake?”
“Maybe the cake is for his girlfriend.
He is on his phone.
I’m sure he’s chatting with his girlfriend.
”
“Oh my God! He is so handsome and considerate.
His girlfriend must be really lucky.
Why don’t I have a boyfriend like this? I’m so jealous of her.
”
Matthew, however, didn’t react to any of this.
He just kept his eyes on his phone as he texted Fernando to deal with the company’s business.
He then heard a clear female voice call him.
“Matthew.
”
Frowning, he looked to see who it was.
A girl at the front of the line was waving at him.
###chapter986
He stared at her.
She looked familiar to him, but he couldn’t remember her.
He turned his attention from her back to his phone.
People around her snickered at her in mockery due to Matthew’s reaction.
She went to him and said, “Don’t you remember me, Matthew? I’m Leslie, Mateo’s daughter.
”
Matthew stared at her again when she mentioned Mateo’s name.
“Okay,” he said before ignoring her again.
Leslie’s smile froze.
However, she managed to not let her displeasure show.
Doggedly, she continued, “I’m here with my father.
I’m supposed to go upstairs after buying the cake.
I wasn’t expecting you to be here as well.
Do you like the cake this shop sells? I prefer…”
Matthew interrupted her.
“I came to buy it for my wife.
”
His words felt like cold water on her skin.
However, she managed to force a smile on her face.
She had a huge crush on Matthew.
He was an extremely attractive man.
It was unfortunate that he was already married.
The line moved as Leslie was still deep in thought.
Matthew didn’t pay her any more attention.
Leslie was disappointed in his indifference.
However, she still stayed with him, as it was a rare chance for her to see Matthew.
After he had bought the cake, Leslie walked up to him and said, “Let’s go up together.
My father and Stella should be done talking by now.
”
Matthew didn’t agree, nor did he refuse.
The restaurant had three elevators.
However, two of them had a sign stating they were out of order.
Matthew’s eyes narrowed slightly at this, but he followed Leslie to the other elevator.
She pushed the button, and they both walked in.
Not long after the elevator door had closed, a man in a peaked cap, not far away from the elevator, said to another person on the other end of the phone, “Matthew has gotten into the elevator.
”
A hoarse voice on the other end of the line replied, “Teach him a lesson.
”
The elevator began to move up.
Matthew ignored Leslie and instead focused on reading the report on his phone.
His face had a bored expression on it, but even then, he still looked handsome.
###chapter987
Leslie kept trying to find a topic to talk to him about but was shut down each time by his frown.
Finally, she gave up and just settled on staring at him.
He looked even more handsome as he concentrated on his work.
Leslie, at this point, was quite obsessed with him.
She even hoped the elevator would go a little slower.
When the elevator got to the 46th floor, the lights flashed twice.
Just as Leslie was wondering what that was, the elevator suddenly stopped.
The elevator shook violently.
Leslie held onto the handle behind her to keep from falling as she said in a scared voice, “What’s happening, Matthew?”
As she spoke, she let go of the handle, trying to use the opportunity to throw herself into Matthew’s arms.
However, before she could do so, Matthew stopped her.
In a serious tone, Matthew warned, “Don’t move.
This elevator is going to fall, and we would die!”
Leslie was frightened by this.
She stood as still as she could, hands clenched tightly at the handle.
“What do we do, Matthew?”
Matthew pressed the bell for help.
However, no sound came from the other end of the line, only noise.
He took out his phone but got no signal.
The light in the elevator suddenly went out, plunging them into darkness.
“Ah! What do we do?” Leslie screamed in panic.
Frowning, Matthew said, “Don’t panic and don’t move.
”
He said this to comfort Leslie.
However, he too was scared.
Matthew knew quite well that if he remained in this confined space for much longer, his illness would return.
In the darkness, he pressed each button in the elevator from the top to the bottom.
However, it was useless.
There was nothing they could do but wait for someone to rescue them.
Matthew and Leslie stood still in the elevator.
Soon, he began to feel his throat closing up.
He couldn’t help loosening his tie.
The air conditioner in the elevator had stopped working when the elevator lost power.
The elevator was quiet, and even the sound from outside couldn’t penetrate.
Due to her senses being heightened by this silence, Leslie could hear the man beside her wheeze as though he were short of breath.
She turned on the flashlight on her phone and asked softly, “Matthew, are you okay?”
Matthew didn’t want her to know about his personal business.
He tried to steady his breathing and said slowly, “I’m fine.
”
###chapter988
Leslie said comfortingly, “If you’re uncomfortable, you can talk to me.
I’m scared too.
”
“Try not to talk.
Conserve your energy,” Matthew said, clenching his fist.
“Okay,” Leslie said before going silent again.
They both waited for a long time, hoping help would come.
However, no one noticed the elevator not arriving.
Although it was not in hot summer, it was unbearable for both of them as they were locked in a confined space.
When Matthew was a child, Amara locked him up in a closed room.
Since then, he’s had a fear of confined spaces.
His fear from his childhood seemed to have resurfaced now.
Coupled with the heat, breathing became very difficult, and he broke out in a cold sweat.
He placed his hand on the side of the elevator, trying to find support for his body.
However, his memories of the time he spent locked up in the dark and his real-time experience worsened his condition.
At last, he felt his vision blur and consciousness leave him as his body slid to the floor.
Stella and Mateo were engrossed in a conversation in the top-floor dining room.
After listening attentively to Stella, Mateo suggested, “I think you should discuss this with your husband.
The current treatment seems less effective, and you should be mindful of your daily routine.
If you must go out, please avoid driving and make sure your driver maintains a slower pace to ease your discomfort.
”
Stella was lost in thought as she swirled her coffee.
“Matthew has been so concerned about my issues lately.
I don’t want to burden him with something so minor.
”
She was mindful that Prosperity Group’s clothing department was undergoing a major initiative, with Matthew working tirelessly, often returning home late.
If he learned of her health concerns, he would get worried and be distracted from his professional commitments.
“I want him to stay focused on his career,” Stella murmured.
“I can handle this on my own.
”
Mateo nodded, acknowledging her decision.
As Stella sipped her coffee, she suddenly realized she had been chatting with Mateo for so long.
Yet, Matthew had not returned.
She checked the time, noting with a hint of concern that he had been gone for nearly two hours.
It seemed unusually long for a simple task like buying a cake.
A feeling of unease began to creep in.
“I need to make a phone call,”
Stella said with an apologetic glance at Mateo.
Mateo nodded.
###chapter989
As Stella got up, she quickly dialed Matthew’s number but was met with an automated response saying the line was busy.
After several attempts, each call ended with the same message.
As her worry escalated, Stella could no longer remain seated.
“I need to step out for a bit.
Please make yourself comfortable here.
”
She hastily got up and left after excusing herself.
As she approached the elevator, Stella noticed one of them was out of service, stranded on the 46th floor.
She didn’t dwell on it initially, preoccupied with trying to contact Matthew.
However, her repeated attempts to reach him were unsuccessful, which was not a good sign.
As soon as she heard the elevator ding, she paused her dialing.
She was about to step inside but stopped abruptly.
The recent string of accidents in the news had heightened her sense of caution.
Stella cast a few more apprehensive glances at the malfunctioning elevator.
A flicker of concern crossed her face, and she stepped back, deciding against entering the elevator.
She quickly looked up the security department’s number from the restaurant’s signage and called.
“Hello, I wanted to ask if there’s an issue with the restaurant’s elevator.
Is it undergoing maintenance?”
“The elevator?” The voice on the other end sounded puzzled.
“ALL elevators were checked and found to be in working order in the morning.
”
A sense of dread washed over Stella.
“There’s a problem with one of the elevators.
It’s stuck on the 46th floor.
I’m afraid someone might be trapped inside.
Please, you must check it immediately!”
In the elevator, darkness still prevailed, punctuated by heavy breaths.
“Matthew, please, don’t scare me like this!” Leslie pleaded, her voice tinged with fear and anxiety.
Moments earlier, Matthew had collapsed on the elevator floor, sending her into a state of near panic.
Her mind was in turmoil, but she was determined not to let anything happen to him.
She assessed Matthew’s condition using the dim glow of her flashlight.
His eyes were unfocused, his face contorted in pain, and his breathing was distressingly labored.
The elevator’s air was growing stale, making it difficult for Leslie to breathe.
But Matthew was in a far worse state, likely suffering from claustrophobia.
She remembered witnessing similar symptoms the Last time she met him at the theater.
###chapter990
She quickly loosened a few buttons on Matthew’s shirt.
“Matthew, do as I say, okay? Breathe in… Breathe out.
.
As Matthew’s breathing gradually steadied under her guidance, Leslie played calming music on her phone, hoping to ease his distress further.
After her vigilant care, Matthew’s breathing became more stable.
Though still pale, his complexion showed signs of improvement compared to his earlier state.
Relief washed over Leslie as she sat beside Matthew, grateful he was now stable.
She glanced at him.
His eyes were shut, and the soft light in the elevator cast delicate shadows from his long, thick eyelashes.
The slightly undone collar of his white shirt revealed his sharp collarbone and pale skin.
He didn’t look as stern as he usually did.
A warmth crept up Leslie’s cheeks, and she leaned in slightly closer, drawn in by the moment’s intimacy.
Suddenly, the elevator hummed back to life.
The lights flickered as it resumed its slow ascent.
The abrupt return of light and the buzz of the air conditioning caused both of them to squint involuntarily.
Leslie bit her lip as her gaze lingered on Matthew, who was still disoriented.
In a moment of boldness, she closed her eyes and leaned in, her lips inching closer to his.
Matthew’s mind was foggy, and he sensed someone approaching with a scent he disliked.
His instinct was to push her away, yet he lacked the strength.
Suddenly, the elevator doors slid open, revealing Stella, her face etched with worry.
There sat Matthew, slumped on the floor, with Leslie beside him.
She leaned over him, almost as if about to ki*s him.
His suit lay discarded nearby, the top three of his shirt buttons undone, hinting at something.
Stella’s gaze fixed on Leslie, her voice icy.
“What’s going on here?”
Startled, Leslie snapped back to reality, feigning calm.
“Matthew’s unwell.
I was just administering first aid and about to do CPR.
”
Noticing Mateo, who stood behind Stella, she blurted out, “Dad!”
Stella’s lips tightened.
It was clear to her that Leslie harbored feelings for Matthew, but Leslie’s defense seemed flawless, and she hadn’t crossed any Lines.
Out of respect for Mateo, Stella held back any confrontation.
“Thanks, then,” Stella said, a polite smile on her face as she stepped into the elevator.
###chapter991
With a forced smile and a hint of guilt in her eyes, Leslie stammered, “No… no problem…”
As Stella moved to assist Matthew, Leslie extended her hand too.
However, Stella gently halted her, offering a reassuring smile.
“You must be shaken up too.
Don’t worry about him; he’s okay.
”
Feeling a bit awkward, Leslie pulled back her hand and stepped out of the elevator.
Stella knelt down beside Matthew, her expression laced with concern.
She said soothingly, “Matthew, you’re okay.
There’s nothing to fear.
”
Upon hearing Stella’s familiar tone, Matthew’s eyes fluttered open.
Recognizing her, he clung to her, burying his face in the crook of her neck.
After regaining his composure, Matthew presented the cake, saying, “I brought your favorite cake.
”
Stella’s heart tightened as she looked at the cake.
Despite his distress, he remembered her favorite cake.
Meanwhile, Leslie watched them from outside the elevator.
The warmth in Matthew’s eyes when he looked at Stella made her feel a mix of awkwardness and sadness.
‘s BunnyBookery
Mateo observed his daughter’s emotions closely.
Taking Leslie’s hand, he bid farewell.
“Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark, we’ll head out now.
I’ll prepare some medication for Mrs.
Clark.
Please make sure she takes it as prescribed.
We can schedule the next therapy session once she feels better.
”
With that, he led Leslie away.
The restaurant manager, witnessing Matthew’s ordeal, was visibly panicked and sweating profusely.
He quickly offered, “Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark, I’ve arranged a lounge for you to rest.
I’m deeply sorry for this incident.
”
Stella gave a nod and gently assisted Matthew to his feet.
The manager quickly scooped up the coat from the floor, took the cake from Stella, and guided them to the lounge area.
“Mrs.
Clark, let me know if you need anything.
I’ll be right outside.
”
“Okay,” Stella responded, her voice showing little interest as she helped Matthew settle onto the sofa.
She pulled out some tissues to dab away the sweat on his forehead.
After a short rest on the sofa, Matthew seemed to regain his strength.
“How are you feeling? Should we go to the hospital?” Stella looked at him with concern, her voice soft and caring.
###chapter992
Matthew, with a faint smile, reassured her in a weak voice, “I’m okay now, feeling a lot better.
”
He straightened up and glanced at Stella.
“About what happened in the elevator… I didn’t have the strength to keep Leslie away.
I’m sorry; please don’t be upset.
”
With a gentle shake of her head and a smile, Stella replied, “I’m not mad.
You’re so charming; it’s no wonder women are drawn to you.
”
Her slightly jealous tone brought a smile to Matthew’s face.
He wrapped his arms around Stella and planted a ki*s on her cheek.
“Darling, you’re the most captivating woman ever.
I should be the one keeping an eye on you.
Try the cake I bought.
Consider it a token of my apology.
I promise, it won’t happen again.
”
Amused, Stella leaned against Matthew’s chest, greedy for the sense of security and protection he gave her.
“Don’t forget to come along with the medicine next time you decide to join me for therapy, okay?” she reprimanded softly as she remembered what happened to him earlier.
“Okay.
” Matthew smiled at her.
“I promise not to forget it next time.
”
Satisfied, Stella stopped talking about the subject.
“I think someone caused the elevator accident on purpose,” she said seriously as she got out of Matthew’s arms to look him in the eye.
Matthew furrowed his brows in slight confusion.
“What do you mean?”
Stella thought for a couple of seconds before speaking.
“When I got on the elevator, I noticed the signs of the restaurant were in yellow and the logo of the restaurant was on them.
But at that time, the sigh before the elevator had a different color and it didn’t have the restaurant’s logo.
”
She took a small pause before going on, “I decided to call security.
They said the elevator was examined in the morning and had no problem at all.
”
Matthew’s gaze darkened.
He nodded thoughtfully, processing everything she had just said.
“But even if I’m right, who do you think is capable of doing that?”
Stella asked, a worried expression now on her face.
Matthew stared at a spot, lost in thought.
He had also suspected that the accident didn’t happen naturally, but he just couldn’t figure out who would do it.
###chapter993
The Fairwa project was completed without any more issues.
Those people wouldn’t try to do anything again, would they?
Jeremy and Charlene couldn’t protect themselves.
They shouldn’t have the time to attempt troubling him.
Matthew’s hardened gaze softened once he looked at the worried state Stella was in.
He smiled reassuringly at her.
“I’ll Look into it.
Just make sure to take good care of yourself.
”
He placed a gentle ki*s on the corner of her lips before Loosening his grip on her to let the manager in.
The manager walked in carefully.
Hurriedly bowing his head, he apologized, “Mr.
Clark, our sincerest apologies.
What happened today is totally our fault.
I will get to the bottom of it.
I genuinely hope you give me the chance to make it up to you and Mrs.
Clark.
”
Matthew had spent a lot of money to rent the restaurant’s entire top floor.
How could they make such a silly mistake? The CEO of Prosperity Group got stuck in their elevator.
If the news spread out, he would lose his job as the restaurant’s manager, not to mention the impact it’d have on the restaurant itself.
Matthew stared at him indifferently.
“I want all the surveillance footage of today sent to Prosperity Group.
”
The manager was stunned for a few seconds.
Relief washed over him when he realized Matthew wasn’t blaming him or anything.
“ALL right, Mr.
Clark, I’ll make sure this is handled well for you.
”
With a quick nod, Matthew dismissed the manager.
The manager walked out, as silence filled the lounge once more.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew turned to Stella.
Seeing that she was still worried, he masked his own worry to make her feel reassured.
He playfully pinched her cheek.
“So what did you and Mateo discuss after I went to the bakery? Is there anything I need to know?”
His words snapped her out of her trance.
She looked up at him, her gaze met his concerned one.
Mateo had told her to have a heart-to-heart conversation with Matthew.
But she just couldn’t; he still had a lot of things to deal with which hadn’t all been solved.
Plus the whole elevator accident.
It would only burden him more if she told him about her condition.
Stella shook her head and faked a genuine smile.
“There’s nothing.
I talked with him about what happened before.
I asked you to go downstairs because I wanted to eat the cake.
”
Matthew could tell she wasn’t saying the entire truth.
The nervous and guilty look in her eyes gave her away.
But he didn’t want to push her into talking if she truly didn’t want to.
“Where would you like to eat? Here or back at home?” he asked through a small smile.
“Let’s go home,” Stella said as she sighed in relief.
She just wanted to go home after what happened.
###chapter994
Matthew stood up and took her hand as they headed out.
They returned to Prosper Bay.
As they entered, they spotted Lucia sitting quietly in the living room.
Stella glanced at Matthew, feeling a tad bit uncertain and worried.
Had the Clark family heard about the accident already?
Matthew only gave her a reassuring look to ease her nerves.
“Stella, Matthew! Why are you both just standing there? You’re not glad to see me?” Lucia smiled lightly.
She didn’t blame them.
Stella took a seat beside Lucia and smiled warmly.
“Grandma, what brings you here today?”
Lucia narrowed her eyes at Stella and Matthew.
“Neither of you called or visited.
I missed your company so I came over.
”
A slight touch of reproach could be detected from her tone.
Stella felt relieved once she realized that Lucia didn’t know about the elevator accident.
“You’re welcome anytime, Grandma.
Stella gave her a warm smile and leaned into her.
Matthew watched them.
“I’m sorry, Grandma.
I’ve been extremely busy recently.
I’ll bring Stella to visit you once I’m free.
”
Lucia didn’t plan on staying upset with them for long.
With a smile on her face, she gently patted Stella’s hand.
She looked at them with pity.
“You’ve been through so much.
I can visit you whenever I want to, but your grandfather… Just make sure to call him when you’re free.
So he doesn’t worry much.
”
“ALL right.
” Stella nodded.
“Grandma, are you hungry? If you haven’t had dinner yet, you can stay and have dinner with us.
I’ll cook.
”
Lucia was overjoyed.
“Of course, I wouldn’t want to let you down.
I love your cooking.
”
Lucia stood up and led Stella to the kitchen.
She turned to Matthew and gave him a dirty look.
“Don’t even think about coming in there to disturb us.
”
###chapter995
Matthew gave her a helpless look.
“I’ll be upstairs then.
I have to deal with something anyway.
”
Lucia snorted, turned around and walked to the kitchen with Stella.
“Grandma, do you want to eat anything in particular?” Stella asked while opening the fridge.
“I’m fine with anything.
” Lucia watched her; Stella looked thin and drained.
“You’ve been through a lot.
It’s all because of Matthew not protecting you well.
”
Stella paused.
“Grandma, I promise he’s doing a good job.
The Clark family is very important in Seamarsh, so being Matthew’s wife naturally comes with a bit of pressure.
After figuring out his identity I prepared myself for what was to come.
”
Lucia could do nothing but sigh.
She felt sorry for Stella.
“I’m glad you feel this way.
It really is a lot of pressure to marry a rich man.
Make sure to come to me if Matthew does anything stupid.
I’ll be sure to teach him a good lesson.
”
“Don’t worry Grandma.
” Stella chuckled lightly.
The night when Matthew proposed to her flashed through her mind causing her cheeks to turn bright pink.
She quickly turned away from Lucia and placed the vegetable in the bowl.
“He treats me well.
”
“That’s lovely to hear.
Lucia nodded, satisfaction written all over her face.
The kitchen fell silent.
The only sound being the water running from the tap.
When Stella was about to wash the vegetables, a thought popped in her head.
“Grandma? I have a question.
”
“Yes?” Lucia asked.
“Why exactly was Matthew called Maverick?” Stella had always wanted to ask.
Lucia smiled softly.
“His mother named him Maverick before he came to the Clark family.
His grandfather requested for his name to be changed to Matthew, but he still kept the name Maverick and used it when he married you to be careful…”
Realizing she might have said too much, Lucia frowned.
She grew worried that Stella might get upset and start overthinking.
“Stella, don’t be upset.
Back then, I and his grandfather decided on the marriage.
Matthew was against it at first…”
Lucia’s nerves worsened the more she tried to explain.
She began to panic a bit.
She had good intentions and didn’t want things to get ugly.
###chapter996
Stella smiled to reassure her.
“It’s fine, Grandma.
I know.
And it’s not important anymore.
”
Lucia narrowed her eyes suspiciously, then relaxed, feeling relieved after she was certain Stella wasn’t upset.
“But now that things are cleared, I’ll ask Matthew to get remarried with you in his current name.
”
Stella felt like it would only be bothersome and was about to refuse but was cut off before she could say anything.
“That’s exactly what I plan to do,” said Matthew.
As Stella turned around, she found herself looking into Matthew’s intense gaze.
Lucia, observing their interaction, said earnestly, “I’m glad you’re thinking this way.
Stella, as part of our family, deserves the best.
We must ensure she doesn’t face any hardships.
”
“I know,” Matthew responded and approached Stella, enveloping her in a natural embrace.
Stella instinctively tried to push him away, unaccustomed to such public displays of affection, especially in front of Lucia.
But Matthew’s hold only tightened.
He gazed down at her with an affectionate intensity in his eyes.
Stella, feeling overwhelmed, averted her gaze and placed her hands against his chest, seeking some space.
After a moment, Matthew redirected his attention to Lucia, his expression softening to normal.
“Grandma, Stella and I are doing well.
You don’t need to worry.
”
Lucia had been observing them keenly.
Despite Stell
a’s apparent resistance, Lucia sensed it was more out of shyness than anything else.
With a pleased smile, she took out her phone.
“Let me take some photos of you two for Waldo and Stella’s grandpa.
”
She proceeded to capture dozens of images, happily commenting, “You two are a perfect match.
”
Lucia felt a sense of pride in her choice of granddaughter-in-law.
The evident affection between Stella and Matthew filled her with satisfaction.
Stella, however, grew increasingly uncomfortable under the camera’s gaze and lowered her head subtly.
###chapter997
Sensing her unease, Matthew leaned in and whispered, “Grandma’s likely here on a mission.
Let’s just play along.
”
Stella, taken aback at first, nodded in understanding and leaned into Matthew’s embrace.
Matthew, with a smile, gently rubbed her waist, causing her to blush once more.
ALL Stella could do was hope the photo session would end soon.
The dinner concluded in a warm and pleasant atmosphere.
Lucia glanced at her watch, then rose from her seat.
“It’s getting late.
I should head home.
”
“Grandma, it’s quite late.
Why not stay the night here?” Stella suggested, concerned.
Lucia, however, declined the offer.
“No need, dear.
My driver is waiting outside.
”
“Grandma, wait a bit.
I have a surprise for you.
” Matthew glanced at his watch, as if timing the moment perfectly.
Both Lucia and Stella exchanged puzzled looks, unaware of any surprise Matthew had planned.
Then, the doorbell rang.
Matthew answered the door, ushering in two well-dressed people pushing shelves adorned with glittering evening gowns.
Stella’s eyes lit up in awe at the sight.
“Why the evening gowns? Is there a party coming up?” Stella asked, confused.
Matthew smiled at her and then turned to Lucia.
“Grandma, next week is your seventieth birthday.
I planned for Stella to help you choose a gown in a couple of days.
Since you’re here, you can pick one now.
If none of these are to your liking, I’ll have new ones sent over.
”
“I nearly forgot about my own birthday.
” Lucia was touched by his thoughtfulness.
“You’ve surprised me, Matthew.
It’s been years since my birthday was celebrated with such personal attention.
”
She credited Stella for the positive change she observed in Matthew.
She turned to Stella, her eyes gleaming with approval.
“Stella, with your fashion expertise, would you help me choose?”
Stella nodded, carefully inspecting each gown.
###chapter998
Two racks had been brought in, one for Lucia and another for Stella.
She was impressed by Matthew’s impeccable taste; each dress seemed perfect for them.
Eventually, Stella selected a dignified white suit for Lucia and a stunning purple dress for herself.
They each tried on their chosen outfits.
When Stella emerged, Matthew was captivated by her beauty.
The purple dress accentuated her elegance, a testament to the design’s brilliance.
Matthew approached Stella, a look of admiration in his eyes.
He leaned in and ki*sed her, whispering, “It’s beautiful.
You look incredible in everything.
”
Stella blushed under the intensity of Matthew’s fiery gaze.
Just then, the door creaked open in the next room and Stella complained, “Grandma is here.
”
Matthew gazed at her, eyes brimming with desire.
Before he could comment, Lucia emerged in a formal dress and said, “You have good taste, Stella.
I feel so much younger in the dress you chose.
”
Approaching Lucia with a grin, Stella replied, “Grandma, you’re not old at all.
You exude elegance.
”
“You are the only one who can make me happy.
” She examined Stella.
“You’re stunning.
Matthew is fortunate to have you as his wife.
”
Stella blushed and answered shyly, “It’s Matthew who has great taste.
”
“I will cherish her,” Matthew declared, taking her hand.
Then, as if performing a magic trick, he produced two velvet boxes—one for Stella and the other for Lucia.
Opening hers, Lucia revealed a gem necklace and teased, “Well, you’ve finally gained some sense.
”
Stella felt a sudden rush of nerves.
It marked the first occasion Stella celebrated Lucia’s birthday since tying the knot with Matthew.
Unaware of the day’s significance, she found herself empty-handed.
Observing her distracted expression, Matthew easily guessed her thoughts.
Squeezing Stella’s hand, he reassured her, “A gift from me is as good as a gift from you.
Grandma won’t mind.
”
Although she agreed with a nod, she insisted to Lucia, “Grandma, I’ll prepare another gift for you.
”
Lucia grinned.
“Don’t worry about it.
You and Matthew are a couple.
His gift is yours.
”
###chapter999
Their healthy relationship made her feel satisfied.
She sighed contentedly.
Folding her gift in her hand, she departed.
Back in the room, Stella pondered on what additional present she could offer Lucia, her brows furrowed.
Matthew, noticing her contemplation, smiled reassuringly.
Taking a seat beside her, he unveiled a velvet box, revealing a dazzling diamond necklace, placing it around Stella’s neck.
As she regained her senses, she found herself met with Matthew’s smiling gaze.
“Don’t overthink it.
Grandma got the perfect gift,” Mathew said casually.
“What?” Stella frowned.
Staring at her, he moved closer and whispered, “You.
”
The man’s warm chest was pressed tight against hers, and she could feel his body heat.
Stella’s face instantly flushed.
She bit her lower lip and was about to duck back, only for him to suddenly press into her, giving her no room to resist.
Matthew breathed heavily, lowered his head, and ki*sed her lips, but soon let go.
The soft ki*s stirred something in her belly.
Matthew’s longing was evident in his gaze as he carried Stella back to the bedroom.
Gently placing her on the bed, he leaned in close.
Only then did Stella grasp his intentions.
Her face flushed with heat, pressed firmly against his chest.
His eyes, filled with desire, sparkled with a faint smile as he bent down to ki*s her.
Skillfully, he undid her clothes.
The man, consumed by lust, seemed to lose control.
Despite Matthew’s limited experience, his strength and skills proved excellent.
A fiery passion filled the room, illuminated by moonlight through the French window, casting a glow on scattered clothes and the couple lost in pleasure on the bed.
In the end, Stella surrendered, her strength drained, emitting only low groans that scratched at Matthew’s heart.
He carried her to the bathroom, and when they emerged, Stella, exhausted, fell asleep instantly.
Matthew, however, remained wide awake.
After a brief moment on the bed, he rose and headed to the study to check the email from Fernando.
###chapter1000
Watching the surveillance video of the restaurant, Fernando had managed to identify several targets.
Matthew furrowed his brow as he clicked the mouse, realizing he had no recollection of these people.
Leaning back, he stared at the computer screen, deep in thought.
Perhaps the success of the Fairwa project had stirred envy among others.
Regardless, it was a wake-up call for him.
He couldn’t let his guard down.
In a dimly lit room of Rido Hotel, Benny Clifford sat alone, a glass of whiskey in hand, his gaze fixed on the wooden table strewn with photographs and wine bottles.
He downed the whiskey in one swift gulp and set the glass down, reaching for his cigarette box.
Lifting his chin slightly, he took a cigarette and lit it with a flick of his Lighter.
The smoke curled up as Benny exhaled, the dim Light casting shadows on his handsome but cold features.
He held a photograph in his other hand, his grip tightening as a fierce expression crossed his face.
The scar near his eyes seemed more pronounced as he narrowed his eyes in a sinister glare.
No hat to hide his features, his face was fully exposed, revealing a malevolent look.
Benny rifled through the photos, each capturing moments from the Clark family’s life, with most of them featuring Matthew.
“Matthew… Stella…” he muttered, his voice thick with loathing.
Benny slammed the photo back onto the table and extinguished his cigarette on Matthew’s face in the picture.
The photo began to burn, the acrid smell filling the room as Matthew’s image blurred and disintegrated.
A wild laugh escaped Benny, but it soon ceased, his expression turning dark.
He glanced down at his legs, hitting one but feeling nothing.
A murderous intent flashed in his eyes.
“Matthew, I will reclaim everything that’s rightfully mine!”
The next morning, after preparing breakfast, Matthew went to the bedroom where Stella was still asleep.
He sat beside her, a smile forming as he looked at her peaceful face.
Gently, he reached out to caress her hair before leaning over to plant a soft ki*s on her forehead.
As Matthew’s ki*s lingered, Stella’s eyelashes fluttered open, her senses awakening to his familiar scent.
The tenderness of the moment drew a soft response from her lips, meeting his ki*s with a gentle reciprocation.
Matthew deepened the ki*s momentarily before pulling back slightly, his forehead resting against hers.
###chapter1001
“Time to get up for breakfast,” he whispered.
Still wrapped in the warmth of the quilt, Stella asked lazily, “What time is it?”
“It’s nine,” Matthew replied, gently coaxing her hand from under the quilt to wrap it around his neck.
He then lifted her up, carrying her towards the wardrobe.
“Get changed and ready.
What’s your plan for today?”
Nestled against his chest, Stella’s voice was soft.
“I need to head to the studio.
There are several orders I haven’t finished yet.
”
“Okay.
” Matthew nodded, setting her down gently.
“I can drive you there after breakfast.
”
Stella, suddenly more alert, quickly declined.
“No, I have to discuss something with Miley first.
You go on to work.
I’ll go to the studio later.
”
She was determined to keep her deteriorating health condition from Matthew for now.
Matthew, not pressing further, ki*sed her forehead.
“Alright, then let’s have breakfast together.
”
After they had breakfast, Stella watched Matthew drive away before she herself left Prosper Bay.
Spotting a taxi by the roadside, she felt fortunate.
She turned off her Uber app and got into the taxi.
“Sir, I’m not feeling well.
Please drive slowly.
” After giving the studio’s address, Stella settled into the backseat.
The driver acknowledged with a low “okay” and started the car, pulling away smoothly.
“Please, slow down.
” Stella thought the driver hadn’t heard her properly, so she repeated her request.
To her dismay, the driver completely disregarded her pleas, instead accelerating the car.
Stella’s heart raced, a mix of panic and dread washing over her.
Clutching the seat belt tightly, she struggled to speak.
“Sir, I’m not feeling well.
Please, slow down.
”
Her hand moved to her collar, feeling as though an invisible force was squeezing her heart, making it hard to breathe.
###chapter1002
Despite her efforts to take deep breaths, it brought no relief.
“Sir! Please stop the car!”
Stella’s words fell on deaf ears as the driver continued to speed up.
A cold sweat broke out on Stella’s forehead, and a sense of foreboding overwhelmed her.
She strained to get a look at the driver, who was obscured by a peaked cap, his face largely hidden.
Something about his eyes seemed eerily familiar.
As her breath grew shorter, Stella’s consciousness began to fade.
In a desperate move, she unfastened her seat belt and lunged forward, attempting to grab the driver’s shoulder.
At that moment, the driver hit the accelerator once more.
Stella’s face blanched with terror.
The sudden acceleration caused her to lurch forward, then fall back heavily into her seat.
Dazed from the impact, it took her a few moments to regain her bearings, each breath a struggle.
Stella fixed her gaze on the driver, her voice trembling.
“Who are you?”
But the man remained silent, fueling Stella’s growing sense of dread.
Her body shivered involuntarily, unsure of the man’s intentions.
Was he after money, or did he intend to harm her?
Yet, aside from the relentless speeding, he had done nothing else.
With her mind in turmoil, Stella closed her eyes, attempting to quell the fear engulfing her.
Eventually, the car slowed down and came to a stop.
Before she could gather her thoughts, a hoarse voice declared, “Tell Matthew I’m back.
He won’t be happy anymore.
”
The voice stirred a sense of familiarity in Stella, but before she could ponder it further, the sound of the car unlocking snapped her back to reality.
Not daring to stay a moment longer, Stella hurried out of the car, only to be greeted by the waft of exhaust as the taxi sped off.
She doubled over, coughing and struggling to catch her breath, trying in vain to note the taxi’s license plate.
Overwhelmed with nausea, she leaned against a tree, retching.
After some time, Stella’s condition stabilized.
She recalled where she had heard that hoarse voice before-it was the man in the wheelchair at the cemetery.
Confusion set in.
How was he driving if his legs were disabled? And what did his cryptic message about Matthew mean?
Lost in her thoughts, Stella realized she was not far from her studio.
Uneasy about taking another taxi, she decided to navigate on foot, using her phone.
Arriving at the studio ten minutes later, she was about to enter when her phone rang.
It was Matthew.
Eager to recount her harrowing experience, Stella answered the call.
But before she could speak, Matthew’s deep voice conveyed concern and suspicion.
“Neville is with me now.
He said Miley is on a business trip.
Stella, where were you this morning? Why did you lie to me?”
###chapter1003
The unexpected call from Matthew caught Stella off guard, her expression changing subtly as she listened to him.
Gripping her phone tightly, she managed a calm response.
“I’m at the studio.
Let’s talk over lunch if you’re free.
”
Matthew agreed without hesitation.
After Stella hung up, her expression grew somber.
Entering the studio, she tried to focus on the backlog of design sketches, but her thoughts were scattered, her pencil moving almost aimlessly across the paper.
Suddenly, the image of the man in the wheelchair she had glimpsed earlier flashed through her mind.
Snapping back to reality, she realized she had inadvertently sketched his piercing cold eyes.
They seemed hauntingly familiar!
She frowned in concentration, trying to piece together the fleeting image from the rearview mirror.
As she pondered over the drawing, the doorbell rang.
It was Matthew, arriving much earlier than expected.
Stella asked in surprise, “Why are you here already? I thought we agreed to meet for lunch.
”
Matthew’s expression was one of concern as he observed Stella’s pale face.
He had sensed something amiss during their phone call and couldn’t concentrate at work, prompting him to come early.
“I was worried about you.
What’s going on? You seemed different this morning.
” He scrutinized her, looking for any sign of distress.
Inviting Matthew inside, Stella began to recount her morning.
“After you left, I called Miley, only to find out she’s on a business trip.
So, I took a taxi…”
She hesitated, the flicker of fear in her eyes betraying her attempt at composure.
“I just came straight to the studio.
”
Matthew noticed the brief tremble in her voice.
He held her gaze, searching for the truth.
“Is that all that happened? Nothing unusual on the way? Stella, please don’t hide anything from me.
”
Confronted with Matthew’s probing eyes, Stella hesitated before admitting, “There was an odd taxi driver.
He drove recklessly, and it unnerved me.
But I’m okay now.
”
Matthew’s frown deepened, sensing her reluctance to reveal the entire story.
“Stella, there’s more, isn’t there? Why aren’t you telling me everything? Did I do something wrong?”
Stella’s expression stiffened, realizing she could no longer withhold the truth.
After all, the taxi driver was after Matthew.
###chapter1004
Matthew would investigate the whole thing sooner or later.
“Before I got out of the taxi, the driver had a message for you.
He said he’s back and that you won’t have peace anymore.
”
Matthew’s demeanor shifted to one of seriousness.
“Did you see what he looked like?”
She shook her head.
“He wore a cap.
I couldn’t see his face clearly.
But I tried to sketch him from what I remember.
”
Stella handed over the drawing she had made earlier.
“His voice was hoarse, like he’s been through an ordeal.
”
Matthew studied the sketch, a sense of recognition flashing in his eyes.
“Okay,” he murmured, his mind racing with thoughts.
Stella watched Matthew, sensing the gravity of the situation.
After a lengthy silence, she ventured to ask, “Do you recognize him?”
Snapped back to reality, Matthew carefully stored the sketch.
“I’ll look into it thoroughly,” he assured her.
Stella nodded, her face etched with concern.
It was clear to her that Matthew didn’t know who the man was.
The uncertainty of facing an unseen enemy weighed heavily on her mind.
Matthew, unaware of Stella’s internal turmoil, gently rubbed her head.
“I’m just relieved you’re safe.
But I think it’s best if I drive you myself from now on.
”
Stella hesitated, torn between her independence and her safety.
Ultimately, the thought of another dangerous encounter compelled her to agree.
“Okay.
But please be careful yourself,” she urged.
“Why do you say that?” Matthew asked, a hint of confusion in his voice.
Stella’s voice was low but firm.
“Your grandma’s birthday is coming up.
We can’t let anything jeopardize that.
She would be too worried.
”
###chapter1005
Matthew nodded in agreement.
Later, he arranged for Fernando to bring necessary documents to Stella’s studio so he could work alongside her.
At day’s end, he drove her back to Prosper Bay.
While Stella prepared dinner, Matthew took the initiative to investigate the taxi’s License plate.
He enlisted Fernando’s help, but as he suspected, the taxi’s license was a fake.
This revelation deepened Matthew’s concern.
The fact that someone was meticulously planning to target not just him but potentially his loved ones as well was alarming.
His expression grew serious as the weight of the situation sank in.
Finding this mysterious adversary was now imperative, not just for his safety but for the protection of his family.
Three days had swiftly passed, and they were uneventful, much to everyone’s relief.
Absorbed in her work and fulfilling orders, Stella gradually let go of the fear induced by the mysterious man’s threat.
Lucia’s birthday was fast approaching.
Stella, along with Miley, who had just returned from her business trip, set out early to purchase a gift.
Miley noticed the bodyguards accompanying Stella and expressed her concern.
“Stella, why has Matthew arranged for bodyguards again? Is it something to do with Mina?”
She quickly dismissed her own theory, knowing Mina was incarcerated.
“No, it can’t be her.
Stella, please, tell me what’s really been happening.
”
Stella confided in Miley about the unsettling encounter with the taxi driver and Matthew’s subsequent decision to assign bodyguards for her safety.
Miley listened with a furrowed brow but said nothing further, understanding the need for precaution.
The plan was to buy Lucia a bracelet and a ring, so they headed to Seamarsh’s finest jewelry store.
Upon arriving, Stella was surprised to see a familiar face at the counter.
It was Leslie, trying on a bracelet.
Her wrist looked delicate and slender as she admired the piece, clearly pleased with it.
The saleslady was skillful in her flattery.
“Miss, this bracelet is a new arrival this season.
I must say, it suits you perfectly.
It’s as noble and elegant as you are, a true reflection of your status.
”
Leslie’s smile broadened at the compliment, basking in the attention and the allure of the exquisite jewelry.
Stella hesitated at the door, recalling her last unpleasant encounter with Leslie in the elevator.
###chapter1006
She wasn’t fond of someone who showed interest in her husband, but for Mateo’s sake, she resolved to avoid confrontation unless Leslie crossed a line.
Withdrawing her gaze, Stella entered the store with Miley.
She had only intended a brief acknowledgment of Leslie, but to her surprise, Leslie approached her with warm familiarity.
“Stella, what a coincidence! Are you here for jewelry too?” Leslie’s eyes darted around, seemingly looking for Matthew, and her expression fell slightly when she didn’t see him.
Stella remained silent, observing Leslie.
Miley, noticing the interaction, whispered to Stella, “Who is she?”
Before Stella could respond, Leslie introduced herself.
“My father is a psychologist hired by Matthew to treat Stella.
”
“A psychologist?” Miley raised an eyebrow at this revelation.
Not wishing to discuss it further in public, Stella quickly changed the subject.
“What are you buying, Leslie?”
“Just trying on a bracelet I saw while shopping.
” Leslie’s response was light and casual.
“Stella, what are you going to buy here?”
“It’s Matthew’s grandmother’s birthday tonight.
I’m here to pick out a gift for her.
” Stella politely excused herself, eager to move away from Leslie.
“Why are you buying the gift so late for Grandma’s birthday?”
Leslie’s voice carried a hint of innocence, yet her words seemed loaded.
The way Leslie referred to Matthew’s grandmother as Grandma implied a closeness that Stella knew didn’t exist.
Leslie’s comment seemed designed to suggest Stella was neglectful or thoughtless about the birthday preparations.
Miley lost her temper and was about to retort when Stella stopped her.
Stella maintained her composure and addressed Leslie with a polite smile.
“I appreciate your concern.
The piece I’ve reserved just arrived today.
When choosing a gift for an elder, I believe in selecting the very best, rather than picking something off-the-shelf.
”
Leslie’s expression momentarily faltered at Stella’s response, but she quickly masked it with a smile.
She looked at Stella with wide, seemingly innocent eyes.
“Stella, may I join the birthday celebration?
I’m new to Seamarsh and don’t have any friends here.
I feel like we’re destined to be friends.
Can I come with you?”
Stella smiled, “Sure.
”
###chapter1007
Before she could finish her words, Leslie excitedly cut in, “Oh, Stella, you’re so generous! When do we leave?”
“Actually, my husband issued the invitations a few days ago.
If you received one, you’re more than welcome to join,” Stella said calmly.
“It’s a significant event for us.
We’ve been very selective with the invitations.
I hope you understand.
”
Stella’s words peeled away Leslie’s facade of friendliness, leaving her visibly embarrassed and irritated.
As Leslie reached out, possibly to retort, there was a sudden sound of something breaking.
The bracelet she was wearing slipped off her wrist and hit the floor, the diamond coming loose and scattering.
The expensive bracelet had fallen to the floor because it wasn’t properly fastened.
The sudden accident left Leslie flustered and at a loss for words.
Her stunned reaction gave Miley the perfect opportunity to mock her.
“Wow, you must be incredibly wealthy to just toss around such a pricey bracelet.
How lavish!”
Leslie’s face turned pale as she stumbled over her words.
“No… I didn’t mean to…”
Miley pressed on, not letting up, “What are you trying to say? Are you trying to deny it?”
The saleslady, alerted by the commotion, hurried over.
Upon seeing the damaged bracelet, her expression turned to one of concern.
“This is quite serious.
”
“You should settle the compensation with the store,” Miley suggested, feigning helpfulness.
The saleslady, maintaining her professionalism, offered, “Miss, would you like to pay for the damages by card? We offer a free repair for the diamond at our shop.
”
Though unspoken, it was clear that the bracelet wouldn’t be the same after repair.
Overwhelmed with frustration and embarrassment, Leslie trembled with anger.
Stella, disinterested in the unfolding drama, turned her attention to another sales assistant.
“Please wrap up the jewelry I’ve selected.
”
She then motioned for Miley to leave with her.
“Why leave so soon?” Miley protested, intrigued by the scene.
“Remember how conceited she was earlier? It’s not often we get to see her in such a predicament.
Let’s wait a bit.
”
###chapter1008
Stella’s reluctance to stay in the midst of the unfolding drama was clear.
Just as she was about to convince Miley to leave with her, Leslie abruptly accused her, “You bumped into my hand, causing the bracelet to fall.
You should be the one to compensate.
”
Leslie’s frustration stemmed from a previous incident involving Stella and Matthew in an elevator, which had led to a reprimand from Mateo.
Leslie harbored resentment towards Stella, seeing her as two-faced and deceptive.
Leslie’s accusation was forceful.
“The bracelet was on my wrist.
It wouldn’t have fallen if you hadn’t bumped into me.
”
Stella found the accusation absurd.
With a firm expression, she took Miley’s arm, ready to leave.
She had no intention of engaging in a pointless argument with Leslie.
“Miss!” The sales assistant intervened, her expression uneasy.
“Please wait.
We need to ascertain what happened.
Could you stay and help us sort this out?”
The assistant was in a difficult position, needing to determine responsibility for the broken bracelet.
“Are you suggesting Stella is responsible for this? How could a bracelet break so easily from a simple touch?” Miley immediately came to Stella’s defense, visibly upset.
“It’s clear that someone is trying to frame Stella.
Can’t you see that?”
The shop assistant lowered her head and said, “I’m sorry, but-“
“It’s okay.
” Stella, maintaining her composure, interrupted the shop assistant.
“Let’s just check the surveillance footage.
I need to leave soon.
” She didn’t want to cause trouble for someone who was just doing their job.
The assistant nodded, acknowledging Stella’s request.
“We’re looking into it now.
Please give us a moment.
”
Miley, initially angered, caught Leslie’s smug look and her annoyance intensified.
With a cold smile, she remarked, “Fine, we’ll wait.
It’ll be interesting to see someone come to terms with the truth.
”
Her gaze bore into Leslie, her meaning clear without mentioning any names.
Leslie’s smile vanished, replaced by a scowl.
When the shop assistant returned, her news wasn’t helpful.
“The incident occurred in a blind spot.
We can’t see it clearly on the footage.
”
###chapter1009
Leslie, feeling emboldened by this update, turned to Stella.
“I know how the bracelet fell.
Are you going to deny what you did?”
Stella, unfazed, met Leslie’s accusation with a calm, dismissive sneer.
Attempting to resolve the situation, the shop assistant suggested, “Perhaps both parties could share the cost of the damage.
”
Stella found the proposal ludicrous, especially given the circumstances and Leslie’s blatant attempt to blame her.
Stella frowned, her gaze fixed on the shop assistant.
“I need some time to uncover the truth.
”
Her voice was indifferent yet commanding.
The shop assistant acknowledged with a nod and stepped back.
Stella’s gaze then turned icy as she faced Leslie.
“You claim I broke the bracelet by touching you.
Did I use my left or right hand?”
Her tone was frosty.
Leslie seemed puzzled by Stella’s question, yet she felt compelled to answer.
She fabricated, “Your right hand.
”
“Right hand-” Stella raised her eyebrows and chuckled, then pressed on, “And when did this touch occur?”
Leslie, taken aback, scoffed, “Are you joking? How could I possibly remember the exact time? Are these questions just a way for you to buy time?”
Miley, also confused by Stella’s line of questioning but trusting her intentions, couldn’t stand to see Leslie’s smug expression.
She whispered urgently to Stella, “There’s no need to play her game.
We can handle this more directly.
”
“Don’t worry,” Stella reassured Miley with a comforting pat and a smile.
Turning her attention back to Leslie, Stella’s voice softened.
“You may not recall, Leslie, but I do.
It was around ten-eighteen this morning.
I remember because I parked my car at ten-ten.
And it’s parked right outside.
So, what the store’s camera missed, my car’s dash cam would have captured.
”
Leslie’s face drained of color, words failing her.
Stella continued firmly, “I’m willing to give you another chance, for your father’s sake.
Confess now, or we involve the police.
But remember—””
Stella’s smile was soft, her voice gentle, yet her eyes held a glint of cold sharpness.
###chapter1010
“If the police get involved, whose words do you think will hold more weight? Yours, or the footage from my dash cam?”
Around Leslie, a crowd had formed, their silent stares adding to her discomfort.
Feeling the weight of humiliation, Leslie clenched her teeth.
She had never felt so shamed, her anger making her breaths short and heavy.
Admitting the truth seemed a better option than facing police intervention.
Her arrogance faded, her voice mellowed.
“I’m sorry, I broke the bracelet by accident.
”
Stella nodded, her smile unwavering.
“It’s good you’ve acknowledged it.
Everyone here has heard your confession.
But just so you know, that car outside isn’t mine.
”
“You tricked me!” Leslie’s simmering anger erupted.
Stella’s smile remained.
“If you weren’t guilty, my trick wouldn’t have mattered.
Consider this a lesson.
Be honest, and don’t falsely accuse others.
”
With those final words, Stella was done with the confrontation.
She took Miley’s hand and the gift box, leaving the scene behind.
The crowd, seeing the issue resolved, dispersed.
Leslie was left standing alone, seething with anger.
The shop assistant carefully wrapped the fallen bracelet and presented it to Leslie.
“Miss, this bracelet costs seven hundred and eighty thousand.
Will you be paying with a credit card?”
“Seven hundred and eighty thousand?” Leslie repeated in disbelief, her voice a murmur.
“Why is it so expensive?”
The assistant, maintaining politeness, repeated, “Yes, seven hundred and eighty thousand.
Will you be using your credit card?”
Leslie’s expression turned grim.
Without enough funds, yet unable to leave the shop without settling the bill, she reluctantly overdrafted her credit card.
As Leslie left the jewelry store with the damaged bracelet, her resentment towards Stella intensified.
She couldn’t understand how Stella, who seemed like nobody special, could become Matthew’s wife.
The more she dwelled on it, the more it rankled her.
###chapter1011
Stella and Miley’s encounter with Leslie caused a delay in their schedule.
They reached Prosper Bay later than planned.
As Miley was about to leave Stella at the door, a car pulled up abruptly behind them.
Several unfamiliar faces emerged from the vehicle.
Exchanging glances of confusion, Stella and Miley were unsure of the situation.
Neville was the last to exit the car.
Spotting Stella and Miley, he approached with a warm greeting.
“Stella.
”
He casually dr@ped an arm around Miley’s waist.
Stella eyed the group behind him and inquired, “Why this crowd?”
“Matthew wanted me to arrange a makeup artist and stylist for you.
He’s already at the hotel.
We’ll join him soon,” Neville explained with a smile.
“Miley’s coming along tonight as well.
”
Stella nodded, saying nothing further.
She found comfort in Miley’s presence.
Once inside the room, Stella sat for the makeup artist to work on her.
Soon, they were ready.
Neville drove them towards the hotel for the birthday celebration.
During the drive, Stella noticed her palms sweating.
She took deep breaths, attempting to calm her racing heart, but to little avail.
‘s BunnyBookery
Feeling dizzy and uncomfortable, Stella closed her eyes and asked Neville, “How long till we reach the hotel?”
“About half an hour.
”
Stella responded without much emotion, her hands tensing further.
Miley, noticing this, assumed Stella was nervous about attending the banquet.
She gently patted Stella’s hand, offering quiet reassurance.
“Don’t worry.
Matthew’s there.
He’ll handle anything that comes up.
”
Stella, not wanting to worry Miley, pursed her lips and nodded.
Upon arriving at the hotel, Stella was quick to exit the car.
Matthew had been waiting for her.
He approached, embracing her and placing a gentle ki*s on her forehead.
He noticed the chill in her hands.
###chapter1012
“Your hands are so cold.
Are you feeling alright?”
Stella nodded and flashed a faint smile.
Matthew, dressed in an elegant purple suit that complemented his stature and exuded confidence, held her close.
Stella, leaning into his embrace, felt a sense of relief.
‘s BunnyBookery
“I’m just a bit carsick,” she assured him.
Matthew tightened his hold, allowing others to enter first.
As Neville prepared to follow with Miley, Matthew, still holding Stella’s hand, inquired softly, “Neville mentioned you were delayed today.
What gift did you get for Grandma that took so long?”
Before Stella could respond, Miley interjected, “Someone made things difficult for Stella today.
”
“Miley!” Stella cast a glance at Miley, signaling her to refrain from elaborating.
Miley, pursing her lips in disappointment, sighed and took Neville’s arm, heading inside.
Matthew’s brow furrowed as he pressed for details.
“What happened?
Who made you upset?”
Given Stella’s newfound public identity as a member of the Clark family, openly offending her had become a risky endeavor for anyone.
Stella turned to him, her gaze steady for a brief moment before breaking into a smile.
“It was just a minor incident.
It’s resolved now.
Please, don’t dwell on it.
”
After a pause, Matthew adopted a serious tone and said earnestly, “I’m your husband.
No matter the situation, you can always confide in me.
Don’t keep things from me.
”
“I know you care about me.
I promise to share everything with you in the future,” Stella reassured him gently.
While they conversed, Lucia approached, arm in arm with Waldo.
Stella greeted the elderly couple with a warm smile, “Grandma, Grandpa.
”
Waldo maintained a stoic expression, offering a slight nod.
Lucia, on the other hand, held Stella’s hand affectionately, her eyes filled with admiration.
“Stella, you look absolutely stunning today.
Come with me later.
I’ll introduce you to everyone.
”
###chapter1013
Stella nodded and bid farewell to Matthew.
She followed Lucia, who proceeded to introduce her to several distinguished and affluent ladies.
Stella greeted each of them with a smile and extended her hand for a handshake.
Suddenly, she felt queasy.
“I’m sorry.
” She covered her mouth and hurriedly moved aside, her stomach churning.
Matthew stood right beside Stella.
Even though he was at a business dinner, his attention never strayed far from her.
Noticing her discomfort, he swiftly approached and offered a gentle pat on her back.
“What’s wrong? Do you need to rest?” he asked with concern.
Stella, shaking her head, accepted the tissue he offered and murmured, “I’m sorry.
”
Matthew enveloped her in a comforting embrace.
“As long as you’re okay, nothing else is important.
”
Nearby, a wealthy lady turned to Lucia and inquired, “Lucia, is your granddaughter-in-law expecting?”
Lucia, already concerned for Stella, brightened at the suggestion.
She pondered for a moment, considering the possibility.
However, uncertain and not wanting to pressure Stella, she replied softly, “If she is, I will be overjoyed.
”
They stood by the door, only a short distance away.
Lucia and her companions hadn’t been discreet, and Stella overheard their conversation.
Confusion washed over Stella.
She just retched and yet they suspected she was pregnant?
She furrowed her brow, thinking back on her recent health.
Indeed, she had been feeling unwell frequently, and her period was a week late.
Subconsciously, Stella’s hand drifted to her abdomen.
The prospect of having a child at this juncture wasn’t unwelcome.
The Clark family had been kind, and a new life would surely bring them joy.
But she wasn’t sure of Matthew’s opinion.
With this thought, she grasped Matthew’s hand and whispered, “If I am pregnant, I might choose to have the baby.
But I don’t believe I am.
”
She suspected her nausea was due to her fear of car rides.
Matthew simply smiled in response, offering no comment.
He then turned his gaze back to the gathering, resuming his usual detached demeanor.
“It’s time to head inside.
”
###chapter1014
Stella’s head drooped, a shadow of disappointment in her eyes.
Did Matthew’s lack of response stem from a dislike of children?
As they entered the banquet hall, Stella whispered to Matthew, “I’m going to grab some water.
”
“I’ll come with you,” Matthew replied, wrapping his arm around her.
But before they could move, someone called out to him.
Both Stella and Matthew turned to see a middle-aged man in a suit, standing beside Waldo and gesturing towards them.
Understanding the business nature of the event and Matthew’s need to network, Stella released his hand.
“You should go meet him.
I can manage on my own.
”
Reluctantly, Matthew headed off, leaving Stella to approach the dining table alone.
She had just picked up a glass of water when a voice startled her from behind.
Turning, she recognized the woman as Briana, the same wealthy lady who had earlier speculated about her pregnancy.
Setting down her glass, Stella greeted her with a polite smile.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Hello.
” Briana Stella a scrutinizing look.
Her gaze lingered on Stella’s abdomen for a few uncomfortable seconds.
Then, in a slow and deliberate tone, she posed a pointed question.
“Is the Clark family going to announce your identity because you’re pregnant?”
The harshness of her inquiry, tinged with disdain, was unmistakable.
Stella was unsure of Briana’s motives, but she didn’t want to escalate the situation.
With courteous restraint, she answered, “I’m sorry, but that’s a personal matter.
I’m not at liberty to discuss it.
”
“A personal matter?” Briana’s response carried a sneer, as if she found the idea amusing.
“I’ve heard about your humble beginnings.
Weren’t you just Matthew’s PR assistant? Yet now, you’re married to the heir of the Clark family.
”
Stella maintained her composure, offering a polite smile.
“Perhaps you’ve had too much time on your hands, focusing so much on my life.
I’d suggest you pay more attention to your husband, known for his wandering eye, rather than wasting your time on me.
”
“What?” Briana, taken aback and unable to counter, stood in silent embarrassment.
It was a well-known yet unspoken truth.
Stella concluded with a smile, “I’ll leave you to enjoy the evening.
”
###chapter1015
With that, she turned and made her way towards Matthew.
In her role as Matthew’s personal PR officer, Stella had become well-acquainted with the secrets of Seamarsh’s elite.
She wouldn’t have divulged such information if Briana hadn’t provoked her.
Stella approached Matthew with a smile, inquiring, “Have you finished your conversation with him?”
“Yes, he’s a friend of Grandpa’s.
It was just a casual chat,”
Matthew replied, taking her hand.
“I want to introduce you to some of my business partners.
”
“Okay,” Stella responded, obligingly following him.
Matthew introduced Stella to the presidents of several companies with whom he had business ties.
Stella greeted them cordially, engaging in light conversation about their respective businesses.
Her charm and intellect left a positive impression on everyone.
“Matthew, you’re fortunate to have such a beautiful and smart wife.
”
“No wonder Matthew has kept his marriage low-key.
With a wife like her, I wouldn’t want her in the public eye either.
”
“Perhaps our wives could spend more time with Stella.
”
Suggestions of future social interactions came up.
In the midst of these social exchanges, Stella saw an opportunity to promote her own business.
“I run a design studio.
If you’re looking to customize dresses for your wives, feel free to contact me.
”
After a bit more conversation, the group parted ways.
It was then that Lucia approached, dressed elegantly in a new gown and her grey hair styled into an up-do.
“Stella, take your seat with Matthew.
Waldo has an important announcement,” she said with a warm smile.
Stella, slightly puzzled, glanced at Matthew, who nodded in understanding.
“I know, Grandma,” he said.
At that moment, Waldo joined them, a serious expression on his face, but it softened into a kind smile upon seeing Stella.
“Let’s head to the stage first,” he said to Lucia, offering his arm to her as they walked together towards the stage.
###chapter1016
Stella watched the elderly couple walk towards the stage, their affection for each other evident despite their grey hair.
She couldn’t help but admire aloud, “They are truly a perfect match.
”
Matthew, seizing the moment, pulled Stella into his embrace, whispering in her ear, “I think we’re a pretty good match too.
”
Her cheeks flushed with color at his words.
Gently nudging Matthew away, Stella averted her gaze towards the stage, trying to divert the attention.
“Let’s focus.
Grandpa is about to start his speech.
”
Matthew, undeterred, tightened his grip around her waist, his smile growing.
On the stage, Waldo, in a formal suit, stood with Lucia, who carried herself with grace.
Despite their age, they exuded a sense of impeccable style and dignity.
Waldo’s voice, serious and commanding, captured the room.
“Thank you for joining us for my wife’s seventieth birthday.
Alongside this celebration, we have another announcement to make.
”
Murmurs of curiosity rippled through the audience.
Waldo, unfazed, signaled for silence before continuing, “There’s been much speculation about the identity of Matthew’s wife, accompanied by unwarranted criticism.
”
His voice, resonant and authoritative, held the audience captive.
“Today, I formally introduce Stella as Matthew’s lawful wife, the legitimate Mrs.
Clark, and the only granddaughter-in-law my wife and I acknowledge.
”
He paused, then added, “I hope that after today, there will be no further debate on this matter.
Any criticism directed at her will not be overlooked by the Clark family.
”
His declaration was met with a wave of applause.
Stella, taken aback, had always seen Waldo as a stern and traditional figure.
She hadn’t expected such a forthright and supportive statement from him in public, clearly demonstrating his high regard for her.
Deeply moved, she felt a lump form in her throat.
On stage, Waldo gestured to Matthew in the audience, signaling him to bring Stella up.
Matthew acknowledged with a discreet nod and leaned close to Stella.
“It’s time for us to join them on stage,” he whispered.
Stella nodded in agreement, gently taking Matthew’s hand as they approached the stage.
###chapter1017
Matthew held her hand firmly to reassure her.
“If you don’t feel like speaking, just stay by my side.
I’ll handle everything.
”
They whispered to each other as if they were alone, making people think they were showing off their intimate bond.
Matthew’s usual stoic demeanor was replaced by a subtle smile.
It was a rare sight that left many in the audience taken aback.
“Mr.
Clark and Mrs.
Clark truly are a match made in heaven.
May you both enjoy a lifetime of happiness together,” one of the guests exclaimed, congratulating the couple.
Matthew simply smiled amidst the cheers and well wishes.
Meanwhile, his eyes were affectionately fixed on Stella.
After the crowd’s enthusiastic applause subsided, Matthew took the microphone.
“Thank you all for joining us tonight.
We’re here to celebrate my grandmother’s birthday, and I hope we can all make that our focus.
”
As soon as he finished speaking, waiters swiftly entered the banquet hall and filled the tables with a variety of delectable dishes.
A few moments in, the hall was buzzing with the sounds of conversations, the clinking of cutlery, and the gentle chime of glasses.
Stella sat next to Lucia and was busy eating her meal in quiet contentment.
“Stella,” Lucia said softly, setting down her knife and fork.
“Yes, Grandma?” Stella asked, placing her utensils aside and turning to Lucia with a warm smile.
Lucia presented Stella with a velvet box.
“This is for you.
Please, open it.
”
Confused, Stella accepted the box and opened it to reveal a magnificent sapphire ring.
The band was exquisitely crafted from solid gold, and the sapphire’s translucence radiated beauty and opulence.
“Grandma, what’s this?” Stella asked, looking surprised.
“It’s the family ring.
As Matthew’s wife, it mow belongs to you,”
Lucia explained tenderly.
Ideally, the ring should have been given to Stella by Matthew’s mother.
However, since Matthew had rejoined the Clark family as an adult and Amara seldom interacted with them, Lucia had held onto the ring.
Considering this, Stella felt an even deeper appreciation for the ring’s value.
Lucia glanced over at Matthew, who was seated at the same table.
###chapter1018
“Matthew, would you place the ring on Stella’s finger? My work here will be done then.
”
Matthew took the velvet box from Stella and carefully extracted the ring.
He then slid the ring onto Stella’s finger.
“When we have our wedding ceremony, I’ll give you an even more precious ring.
”
Stella gazed at the ring, then looked into Matthew’s eyes.
“Grandma has given it to me.
It’s incredibly beautiful,” she said, her fingers tracing the sapphire.
Lucia, witnessing this exchange, couldn’t contain her happiness.
“I’m so glad you like it, Stella.
It’s been a long time since I’ve had such a joyful birthday.
”
A few moments later, a waiter approached their table with a birthday cake.
Encircled by the guests, Lucia joyfully blew out the candles and began to slice the cake amidst the crowd’s cheers.
Matthew, joining in the applause with a smile, was approached by a waiter carrying a box.
“This is for your grandma,” the waiter said, presenting the box to Matthew.
“Someone dropped it off.
”
“Do you know who it was?” Matthew asked, puzzled.
The waiter shook his head.
“I’m sorry, Mr.
Clark.
The person only handed me the box and requested I deliver it.
”
A hint of concern flickered across Matthew’s face.
All the guests had arrived at the party.
He hesitantly opened the box and saw a wine-red dress and a card inside.
After examining the contents thoroughly, he was relieved to find nothing unusual.
“Who sent this?” Waldo asked.
“I’m not sure, but there’s a card,” Matthew replied, handing it over to Waldo.
Upon reading the card, Waldo’s eyes widened, and his expression changed dramatically.
The card had a simple message.
“We will meet soon.
”
###chapter1019
It was signed by Garry Clark, Waldo’s second son.
Lucia noticed Waldo holding a card with a look of hesitation and inquired, “Whose gift is that?”
Both Stella and Matthew observed Waldo attentively.
The unexpected arrival of the gift had raised their concerns about potential complications.
After a brief moment, Waldo tucked the card away.
His expression eased as he looked up again.
With a smile, he reassured them, “It’s from an old friend I haven’t been in touch with for a while.
Let’s get back to the cake cutting.
”
Relieved by his response, Lucia’s tension faded.
‘s BunnyBookery
She resumed the birthday ritual, making a ceremonial slice in the cake before passing the knife to a waiter, who continued to serve slices to the guests.
As everyone settled back into their seat, Waldo’s demeanor grew more reserved.
The card had clearly stirred something within him, leaving him pensive and distant.
Waldo’s thoughts were on his younger son, Garry Clark, a source of both pride and frustration.
Garry had inherited the best attributes from both his parents—his charm and good looks were undeniable.
But these traits had led him down a path of notoriety, becoming a known playboy in Seamarsh.
Waldo, preoccupied with his business empire, had little time to guide Garry, hoping it was just a phase of youthful folly.
He held on to the hope that Garry would eventually mature and take up the family business.
However, this leniency only encouraged Garry’s reckless behavior, even involving himself with married women.
Garry’s tragic end came when he provoked a mafia boss, leading to his untimely demise.
Waldo only grasped the full extent of his son’s misadventures upon receiving the grim news.
Filled with remorse, he realized the past was irreversible.
This period marked the bleakest in Waldo’s life, a time shrouded in despair, until the arrival of Matthew.
It was then that both he and Lucia began to find their way back to a semblance of normalcy.
As word of Matthew’s return circulated, several women, claiming to have been Garry’s mistresses, approached the Clark family, seeking acknowledgement.
Waldo, however, refused to meet any of them.
He doubted the coincidences and, selfishly, he was unwilling to accept any of Garry’s possible illegitimate children.
He believed it would tarnish the Clark family’s lineage, a belief deeply rooted in his conservative values.
Waldo’s thoughts were interrupted as he narrowed his eyes.
It had been over twenty years since Garry’s death, and these years, no mistresses had come forward.
Yet, the gift he received tonight felt Like a deliberate provocation.
Could it be from the woman he recently refused to meet?
Filled with speculation but maintaining a composed exterior, Waldo remained quiet about his thoughts.
Matthew, sitting down, sensed that something was off with Waldo and suspected a problem.
Knowing it wasn’t the right time to inquire, he decided to wait until after the banquet to discuss it in detail with Waldo.
With this plan in mind, Matthew redirected his attention, engaging in conversations with the other guests, putting his concerns aside for the moment.
The banquet wound down smoothly, despite earlier interruptions.
As the older guests began to depart, the younger ones congregated for a game of snooker.
“Who’s that man playing snooker? He’s incredibly handsome!”
“And so skilled! How come I’ve never seen him around before?”
“That’s Sprague Evans, a new face here.
He’s working with Prosperity Group.
”
Sprague’s expertise in snooker was undeniable, drawing admiring whispers from the women around.
Yet, he remained focused on the game, seemingly unaware of the attention he was garnering.
His current opponent, realizing he was outclassed and noticing Matthew getting ready to leave, conceded, “I give up.
There’s no fun in such a one-sided game.
Sprague, why don’t you challenge Matthew?”
Another one chimed in, “Yeah, it’s not enjoyable for you to keep winning so effortlessly against us.
”
As the voices grew louder, Sprague straightened up and smiled.
“I’ve heard a lot about his skill in snooker, but I doubt I’m a match for him.
However…”
He paused, glancing at Stella, “I would be interested in playing snooker with his wife, if she’s willing.
”
###chapter1020
The room buzzed with surprise at Sprague’s unexpected challenge.
Conversations erupted around them.
“Why is Sprague doing this? Is he trying to embarrass Stella? But he’s collaborating with the Prosperity Group, isn’t he?”
“I doubt Matthew will consent to this.
Has anyone ever seen Stella play snooker?”
The atmosphere grew tense, filled with awkwardness.
The man who had initially suggested Sprague play against Matthew looked visibly worried, quickly trying to defuse the situation.
“Sprague, I was only joking.
You don’t have to play against Matthew.
‘s BunnyBookery
Let’s just continue our game.
”
But Sprague stood his ground, turning to Matthew with a slight smile.
“What do you say?”
The man who had proposed the match seemed even more anxious at Sprague’s persistence.
The crowd around them had various reactions, with many simply enjoying the drama unfolding.
“I think I should ask my wife first,” Matthew responded with a composed smile.
He then turned to Stella, asking gently, “Would you like to play?”
Though his words seemed open, his expression suggested he was giving her an out.
Stella looked at Sprague, a hint of determination in her eyes, and nodded.
“If Sprague has extended the invitation sincerely, I’ll give it a try.
”
Matthew looked at her, surprise evident on his face.
He started to say something, but Stella gently held his hand, silencing him.
Facing Sprague, Stella asked with a smile, “May I make a request?”
Curious, Sprague lifted his eyebrows in encouragement.
“Let’s make this a friendly game about cooperation,” Stella proposed, her smile unwavering.
Waldo had a clear purpose for inviting Sprague over today.
Prosperity Group was embarking on a significant venture, the development of Pearl Island, and they needed the collaboration of Evans Group, known for their manufacturing prowess.
Evans Group boasted an exceptional team of technicians, not just in Seamarsh but globally, making them ideal partners for the pearl development project.
This initiative was something Matthew had been focusing on lately.
###chapter1021
Stella saw this snooker game as an opportunity to aid Matthew.
Winning could potentially tip the scales in their favor during negotiations.
Upon hearing Stella’s proposal, Sprague showed a moment of surprise, clearly taken aback by her confident demeanor.
He assessed her, noting her calmness.
After a brief pause, he responded with a chuckle, “You’ll have to win against me first Stella, undeterred and composed, gripped Matthew’s hand firmly.
She looked at Sprague, saying, “Agreed.
Please give me a moment.
I need to change my attire.
”
Sprague gave a nod of acknowledgment.
Later, at the bar counter, Stella stood in a crisp white suit, facing Sprague.
Sprague’s reaction betrayed a hint of surprise.
Extending his hand in a gentlemanly gesture, he said, “Ladies first, please.
”
Stella gratefully accepted but didn’t hesitate.
She chose her cue stick and carefully prepared its tip with chalk.
Her focus was solely on the snooker table as she studied the arrangement of the balls.
With a smile, she leaned over, aimed carefully at her target, and made her shot.
The cue ball, under Stella’s expert control, struck the black ball precisely, sinking it into a pocket in one smooth move.
Matthew, watching her, instantly recognized her skill, realizing she had been trained.
A flicker of surprise crossed his face, but he quickly regained his composure, his smile reflecting a mix of admiration and curiosity.
He couldn’t help but marvel at the range of Stella’s abilities—public relations, design, and now snooker.
His wife was proving to be more talented than he had initially thought.
Focused on the game, Stella’s hair fell in strands over her face, leaving only her high nose and scarlet lips visible.
She lined up her second shot with the same precision, and once again, the ball found its way into the hole.
Her ability to handle even the most challenging angles seemed almost divinely aided, leaving the onlookers in awe.
“Incredible!”
“It’s anyone’s game at this point.
”
Sprague’s face betrayed increasing unease, though he strove to maintain his composure.
He managed to compliment her, albeit with a hint of surprise.
“I didn’t expect you to be this skilled at snooker.
You were so humble earlier.
”
Stella glanced at Sprague and offered a smile, saying, “Thank you for the compliment.
”
She continued to pocket the balls with skill and precision.
However, when it came to her last two shots, she paused, seemingly taking her time to line up her aim.
###chapter1022
After a moment, Stella took her shot.
The ball spun tantalizingly close to the pocket but ultimately didn’t fall in.
The crowd around them let out a collective sigh of disappointment.
Standing upright, Stella offered a graceful smile tinged with regret.
“It’s your turn, Sprague.
”
Sprague nodded, giving Stella a thoughtful look before focusing on the game, cue in hand.
Stella used this moment to walk over to Matthew, allowing Sprague to take center stage.
Matthew wrapped an arm around Stella and whispered, “Did you let him win on purpose?”
“In such a significant event, defeating Sprague could have embarrassed him, making our negotiations more challenging,” Stella responded honestly, her voice soft.
Matthew gazed at her with admiration.
The more he observed, the more he appreciated her business acumen.
She knew when to yield for the greater good, preserving the dignity of her potential partner.
He held her closer, a sense of pride and contentment washing over him.
The thought that such a wise and beautiful woman was his wife brought him immense satisfaction.
Eventually, Sprague narrowly secured his victory over Stella.
Amidst the crowd’s praises, he approached Matthew and Stella.
“You play an impressive game of billiards.
I happily concede defeat,”
Stella said, her smile genuine and warm.
Sprague looked at Stella and chuckled, fully aware that his victory was a gracious concession from her to preserve his dignity.
This gesture nudged him towards discussing cooperation with Matthew.
“Even though the outcome wasn’t as initially anticipated, I’d like to extend my friendship to both of you.
Shall we discuss further in a more private setting?” Sprague suggested.
Matthew agreed, leading Stella to the lounge.
There, Matthew and Stella sat together, facing Sprague across the room.
Matthew, with a hint of humor, began, “You’re usually so preoccupied.
Today, we finally have the chance to discuss our potential collaboration, all thanks to a game of snooker.
”
Sprague met Matthew’s gaze and smiled.
He poured a glass of whisky for Matthew, saying, “I’m honored.
When Evans Group considers partnerships, Prosperity Group is always at the forefront.
But.
.
He set aside the whiskey and focused intently on Matthew.
“Before we delve into the specifics of our cooperation, I have a few conditions.
”
###chapter1023
Matthew’s expression remained composed.
“Please, continue.
”
Sprague took a sip of his whiskey and stated, “The processing fee previously proposed by Prosperity Group is acceptable, but I propose a 5% increase.
”
Matthew’s brow furrowed slightly at this, but Sprague quickly explained, “We’ve conducted research on Pearl Island in Bysea.
The quality of the pearls is exceptional, and naturally, the maintenance costs are significant.
I hope you can appreciate this perspective.
”
Stella interjected with a serene smile, “Pearl Island in Bysea boasts substantial production capacity.
If Evans Group can fulfill Prosperity Group’s orders, it would pave the way for significant future collaboration.
This is our first venture together, and to demonstrate our commitment, we’re willing to increase our initial offer by 2%.
”
Stella had previously consulted with Matthew about the terms of their partnership.
This compromise seemed fair to both parties.
Moreover, she knew Evans Group was looking to expand and valued scale over immediate cash flow, making this an appealing proposition.
Sprague didn’t give his reply immediately.
He swirled the whiskey in his glass, his gaze lifting to Stella once more.
Initially, he had pegged Stella as just another affluent lady, all looks and no substance.
Yet, she had managed to impress him not once, but three times over the course of the evening.
Matthew, noticing Sprague’s lingering attention on Stella, grew increasingly irked.
In a firm, low voice, he declared, “We will increase our offer by 3%.
”
Surprised, Sprague’s focus shifted from Stella to Matthew.
There was a hint of surprise in his eyes as he considered the proposal.
“Evans Group will take on the processing work for Prosperity Group.
Let’s look forward to a fruitful collaboration,” Matthew stated in a straightforward tone.
As Matthew extended his hand, Sprague realized he had to accept this offer.
He couldn’t help but admire Matthew’s decisiveness.
After a brief pause to contemplate, Sprague reached out and firmly shook Matthew’s hand.
“To a successful collaboration.
”
As Matthew and Sprague released their handshake, Stella finally allowed herself a sigh of relief, her smile reflecting her ease.
“Here’s to a successful partnership, Sprague,” she said with poise.
As she reached for the wine, Matthew cautioned, “Sprague has had quite a bit to drink already.
Any more might be too much.
”
Stella glanced at the half-empty bottle of whisky, realizing that Sprague must have consumed most of it, given that Matthew hadn’t drunk at all.
She retracted her hand awkwardly, suggesting, “Perhaps I should ask the waiter for some water instead.
”
However, Sprague declined the offer and stood up, casting a meaningful glance at Matthew.
He dr@ped his coat over his arm, announcing, “I have other matters to attend to.
We can discuss the contract details another day.
”
###chapter1024
With that, he made a swift exit.
Stella, still processing the abrupt departure, found herself suddenly swept onto Matthew’s lap.
He ki*sed her gently, his breath warm against her lips.
“You’re an incredible wife, always there to help.
I might start feeling insecure at this rate,” he joked, his gaze admiring.
Stella, composed and confident, was undeniably alluring in every aspect.
Matthew caressed her face, leaning in for another ki*s.
Stella, caught in the moment, couldn’t help but smile at his words.
“So, is this how you plan to thank me for helping with the negotiation?” she asked softly.
Matthew’s deep blue eyes gazed into hers, his touch gentle on her face.
His look was intense and full of affection.
“Matthew, that tickles.
” Stella playfully dodged, but Matthew’s embrace was firm, bringing them even closer.
“And how should I thank you?” Matthew asked, his voice low and filled with lust.
Before Stella could respond, Matthew pulled her in for another, deeper ki*s.
As Stella regained her senses, she instinctively tried to pull away, but Matthew’s embrace was firm.
She felt his strength and gradually ceased her efforts, remaining quietly in his arms as they drew closer.
Matthew’s ki*ses were intense, not releasing her until she was almost breathless.
“No.
You shouldn’t.
Stella murmured after regaining her composure.
She pushed against him, her hands on her chest, her face flushed and her eyes misty.
“We can’t do this here.
It’s not appropriate.
”
“Why not?” Matthew’s voice was low and husky.
“I’ve booked this room.
We can stay here tonight.
”
Stella looked down, her hands resting on his chest, attempting to move away.
Yet, her hands were firmly held by his.
Matthew leaned in close, their foreheads touching.
“Why not?”
###chapter1025
Trying to divert the topic, Stella avoided his gaze.
“We’ve only made a verbal agreement with him.
The contract isn’t signed yet.
”
Matthew chuckled lightly.
“That’s business.
This is private time with my wife.
We should enjoy it.
”
Outside the hotel, Sprague approached a waiting black car.
He opened the back door and slid inside.
Facing the man resting inside with his eyes closed, Sprague greeted respectfully, “Benny.
”
Without opening his eyes, Benny responded in his usual hoarse voice, “How did things go today?”
Sprague’s brow furrowed as he uttered, “We’ve reached an initial agreement.
”
Recalling the banquet’s events, he fixed his gaze on the man with closed eyes and muttered, “But it appears that the gift you handed over to Waldo didn’t do the trick.
”
At those words, Benny’s eyes snapped open, instantly clouded with cruelty.
With narrowed eyes, clenched fists, he pounded the back seat, an aura of darkness and malevolence enveloping him.
“Waldo, you sly old fox.
Once I rid myself of Matthew, I’ll make sure you savor the agony.
”
Sensing Benny’s icy demeanor, Sprague lowered his head and inquired, “Benny, do you need any assistance after finalizing the contract with Prosperity Group? I’ll handle anything you need.
”
His eyes darkened as they settled on Benny’s injured leg.
Back when he had started his own venture, he had inadvertently offended someone.
Benny, being in the underworld at the time, had accidentally saved him, but not without one of his legs being broken.
It was a debt he had long been eager to repay.
A faint smile broke Benny’s gloomy facade.
“Just take care of your part.
When you negotiate with Matthew and discuss the share distribution, I’ll handle the rest myself.
”
The next morning, Stella awoke at nine o’clock to find Matthew absent from the room.
Stretching languidly, she glanced around the room, shrouded in heavy curtains blocking any hint of daylight.
After some contemplation, Stella sat up, tossed the quilt aside, and stood.
Once she freshened up, Stella stepped out of the room.
Matthew was already at the desk, poring over documents, dressed in a suit and leather shoes, exuding an air of sophistication.
He was a far cry from the man who had shared passionate moments with her the previous night.
Now he seemed burdened with a sense of remorse.
###chapter1026
Stella’s thoughts wandered, and her heart skipped a beat.
Matthew glanced up, locking eyes with Stella.
He set aside the papers and approached her.
“Awake already?”
He embraced her gently.
“Let’s have breakfast first.
Your clothes are ready.
Afterward, I’ll take you somewhere.
”
“Where?” Stella blinked, curiosity piqued.
Matthew grinned and gently guided her to the sofa, where she settled.
“It’s a secret.
You’ll find out soon enough.
”
Intrigued by his mysterious demeanor, Stella pursed her lips and refrained from pressing for more details.
She reached for a sandwich instead.
With thoughts lingering on last night’s negotiations with Sprague, she inquired casually, “Have you set a time for signing the contract? I can’t help but feel a bit anxious until that’s sorted.
”
Matthew nodded, his response swift.
“Tomorrow.
I reviewed the contract from the legal department.
”
Stella couldn’t help but express her surprise.
“So soon? But when did you manage to do that? You’ve been with me in this hotel from last night until now.
Besides, our collaboration was only finalized last night.
”
Matthew glanced sideways at her, a playful glint in his eye.
“I took care of it after you drifted off to dreamland.
”
Blushing, Stella lowered her head, focusing on her sandwich, her cheeks tinged with embarrassment.
She couldn’t recall how she had drifted off to sleep last night; her mind had simply gone blank.
Yet, Matthew had managed to prepare the contract during that time.
Stella couldn’t help but admire his efficiency.
After breakfast, Stella changed into fresh clothes and accompanied Matthew as they left the hotel.
Throughout the journey, no matter how many times Stella probed for information, Matthew remained tight-lipped, keeping his secrets close to the vest.
The car came to a halt in front of a wedding dress boutique, leaving Stella momentarily stunned.
She allowed Matthew to guide her inside.
Nikolai had been patiently awaiting their arrival.
The moment he laid eyes on Stella, he couldn’t contain his excitement, exclaiming, “Honey, it’s been ages.
Matthew?”
###chapter1027
In less time than it took to blink, Matthew swiftly intervened, separating Nikolai from Stella.
Casting an irritated glare in Matthew’s direction, Nikolai straightened his collar and questioned, “Matthew, what’s gotten into you?”
With a stern countenance, Matthew held Stella close and warned, “Don’t lay a hand on my wife.
”
Nikolai couldn’t resist a playful jab.
Last time, you called her just a subordinate.
Now, she’s your wife?”
As he beheld Matthew’s helpless expression, Nikolai couldn’t help but revel in his small victory.
Sensing the tension, Stella gently tugged at Matthew’s sleeve in an effort to defuse the atmosphere.
“Are we here to try on wedding dresses, Matthew?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew shifted his gaze from Nikolai to Stella, his expression softening.
“Nikolai and I have designed a wedding dress for you.
Why don’t you give it a try?”
Matthew had just finished speaking when Nikolai astutely sent someone to retrieve the wedding dress.
The dress, a vision of elegance, adorned a mannequin.
Its white hemline cascaded to the floor, embellished with laces and hand-stitched pearls.
Sunlight bathed the dress, making it shimmer radiantly, enhancing its grace.
Stella caught sight of it and was instantly transported in her mind.
She envisioned herself in the dress, a long veil draping over her head, with Matthew tenderly lifting it to gaze into her eyes.
“Do you like it?” Matthew asked, his smile warming the room.
Stella, jolted back to reality, looked up at him.
Her eyes, wide and tear-filled, conveyed her surprise and deep emotion.
She found herself lost for words.
Stella had an epiphany.
She recalled the nights Matthew returned late or disappeared into his study.
She had assumed he was buried in work, but now she realized he might have been secretly designing this wedding dress.
“Matthew…”” she began, her voice trailing off.
She feared that saying more would bring her to tears.
“Don’t be so moved,” Matthew said gentl , his smile comforting.
“Try it on first.
What if you don’t like it?”
“I like it,” Stella declared, her gaze fixed on him.
“I like everything you design.
”
With a playful smile, Matthew pinched her cheek and whispered, “If you keep staring at me, you’ll never get to try on the dress today.
”
Stella caught his hint and, stepping back, said, “I’m going to try it on right now.
”
###chapter1028
She handed her bag to Matthew and made her way to the fitting room.
Matthew watched her go, smiling.
At that moment, Stella’s phone in her bag rang.
Hearing the ring as she neared the fitting room, Stella turned back to Matthew.
“Could you answer it for me, please?”
Matthew agreed and retrieved her phone.
It was Clint calling.
He pressed the answer button and greeted the old man.
There was a brief pause before Clint, sounding surprised, asked, “Matthew, why did you answer the phone? Where is Stella?”
Matthew gazed towards the fitting room and said into the phone, “I’m here with Stella.
She’s trying on her wedding dress.
Is there something you need?”
“Wedding dress?” The mention of the wedding dress seemed to take Clint by surprise.
“Just missing Stella.
But don’t let me interrupt such a special moment.
”
Matthew’s tone was gentle.
“No trouble at all.
I’ll send you some photos once she’s done.
”
“Alright, sounds good,” Clint said before ending the call.
As Matthew was about to place Stella’s phone back in her bag, he noticed a medicine bottle.
Curiosity piqued, he pulled it out, realizing it wasn’t the medication Mateo had prescribed for her.
Matthew’s frown deepened, memories of Stella’s private conversation with Mateo surfacing.
Was this when she got the medicine?
Lost in thought, his attention was diverted by a sound from the fitting room.
The staff had opened the curtain, revealing Stella in the wedding dress.
Matthew quickly tucked the medicine bottle away and approached her.
“Does it look nice?” Stella asked, a hint of nervousness in her voice.
Before Matthew could answer, Nikolai, standing nearby, exclaimed, “Wow! You’re stunning, like a star!”
He reached for Stella’s hand but was promptly stopped by Matthew.
“Please, don’t touch my wife,” Matthew cautioned softly, to which Nikolai muttered a complaint about his possessiveness.
Holding Stella’s hands, Matthew’s eyes shone with love.
###chapter1029
“You look incredibly beautiful,” he affirmed.
Stella, visibly relieved, admired herself in the mirror, pleased with the dress.
She remembered the phone call and asked, “Who was on the phone?”
“It was your grandfather.
I’ll send him some photos later,” Matthew replied, taking out his phone to capture the moment.
The shop’s patrons watched the couple, their affection for each other evident, and couldn’t help but feel a touch of envy.
Matthew sent the photos to Clint and received his praises promptly.
Reading Clint’s message, Stella’s emotions swelled.
“If my parents could see this, they would be so happy.
”
Matthew embraced her gently, ki*sing her forehead.
“We’ll find your parents soon.
Stay strong, Stella.
I’m here for you, always.
”
His grip on her hand was firm, a silent promise of unending support.
In the mirror, they looked perfectly matched.
Stella’s smile beamed, a reflection of her happiness.
Nikolai glanced at the watch on his wrist as he interrupted their cute moment.
“I have better things to do than watch you two act irritatingly sweet.
Do that at home.
We need to get the shoot over with.
Hey, you! Fix her makeup and hair.
”
Stella had put on light makeup before coming, but Nikolai needed everything to be perfect.
Once everything was fixed, Nikolai took the photos of them.
He turned to Matthew while switching settings on his camera.
“It’s too late.
We should shoot in the studio first.
You can take Stella to sho
ot on location some other time.
”
Matthew gave a quick nod in response.
Nikolai was a great photographer.
Stella was awed as she looked at the photos he’d taken.
She and Matthew looked amazing and well-matched.
Stella hummed in satisfaction and handed the camera back to Nikolai.
She turned to look up at Matthew.
“Got any other plans?”
###chapter1030
He took her to try on the wedding dress, and they took wedding photos together.
She didn’t expect any of that.
Matthew shook his head.
“I’ll drive you home; you should rest.
”
“I’m fine.
I’m not tired,” Stella refused.
“Take me to the studio if you’re heading back to the company.
I still have work to do after all.
”
Matthew pondered on it for a couple of seconds.
“Okay then.
”
They said quick goodbyes to Nikolai and walked out of the shop.
Stella was about to get into the car when Matthew grabbed her hand.
He lowered himself to her height and gently brushed back her hair that was scattered on her shoulders.
“The medicine in your bag…Is it from Mateo?”
Stella averted her gaze from his.
She considered whether she should tell him or not.
Matthew took her hands in his.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Whatever happens, I hope you’d be able to tell me the truth.
I want to be the one you trust.
”
A small frown formed on her face as she stared at their joined hands.
She finally looked up at Matthew after a while.
“I seem to have PTSD from the car accident.
I feel terrified every time I take the car.
I want to overcome the fear, for the feeling to go away, but it just won’t…”
“I’m so sorry.
” Matthew felt awful.
He hugged her tightly and placed his chin on the top of her head.
“I didn’t notice.
I was way too careless.
”
“Matthew… None of it is your fault.
” She hugged him back.
“I’m just too useless.
”
Matthew cut her off.
“It’s not important.
If Mateo can’t cure you, we’ll just have to go abroad for you to get the best treatment.
I’m not going to let anything happen to you.
”
###chapter1031
Stella hugged him tightly.
“His treatment works.
So far, I’ve have met him twice.
And now the condition isn’t as bad.
”
Matthew stroked her hair tenderly.
“Whenever you’re sad or in trouble in the future, don’t hesitate to tell me.
Don’t ever try hiding it.
‘s BunnyBookery
If there’s ever a problem, we’ll face and solve it together, all right?”
“ALL right.
” Stella smiled softly.
On their way back, Matthew remained quiet.
Stella noticed how slowly and steadily he drove.
The small action touched her deeply.
She was confident that their life together would be full of happiness.
She was so grateful to have such a kind man by her side.
Once he dropped her off at the studio, instead of going to the company, he went back to his grandparents’.
He remembered how strange Waldo was acting at the party last night and was eager to ask him face to face.
Waldo was playing chess alone.
He asked Matthew to play a few rounds with him one he spotted him.
They played three rounds without Matthew saying anything.
Waldo knew something was up.
Waldo placed down his chess piece.
“Why did you suddenly come to see me?”
Matthew raised his eyebrows.
“Last night, someone sent a gift.
They couldn’t have been an old friend of yours, right?”
Waldo paused for a few seconds.
He placed the chess piece down and gave Matthew his full attention.
He knew he wasn’t going to be able to hide it from Matthew.
He sighed.
“On the day of your father’s birthday, a man called, saying he wanted to see me and he was a Clark.
I refused, though.
”
Matthew frowned, but he said nothing.
“There were actually a lot of people who came to me and claimed to be offspring of our family.
I rejected them all.
” Waldo closed his eyes helplessly.
###chapter1032
“But yesterday, I received a gift which had the name Garry Clark written on it.
”
Matthew immediately thought of all the accidents that had happened.
He wondered whether it was done by Garry’s so called illegitimate son.
His gaze darkened.
His hatred grew.
He wanted nothing to do with Garry, and didn’t want Stella to know about Garry’s dirty past.
His voice turned ice cold.
“Grandpa, do you have any idea of what that person looks Like?”
Waldo hadn’t expected Matthew to pose this question.
After a brief moment of surprise, he shook his head.
“I declined to meet him earlier.
After the banquet last night, I tried calling back, but couldn’t get through.
”
Waldo’s expression grew uneasy, and a frown creased his face.
Matthew’s demeanor turned serious.
After a thoughtful pause, he analyzed, “He chose last night to make a move.
There’s probably something else he plans to do next.
”
Locking eyes with Waldo, Matthew advised in a deep tone, “You and Grandma should be cautious.
Try not to leave the house.
If he contacts you again, let me know immediately, and I’ll handle it.
”
“Okay.
” Waldo agreed.
Exiting the study, Matthew closed the door behind him, his eyes darkened in contemplation.
As he headed downstairs, he encountered Lucia and a servant engaged in conversation and laughter.
“Grandma,” Matthew greeted, adjusting his mood.
“Matthew!” Lucia’s eyes brightened at the sight of him.
She glanced behind him and asked, “Where’s Stella? Why isn’t she with you?”
“I came to discuss some company matters with Grandpa, and I didn’t bring Stella to avoid her getting bored.
I’ll bring her next time,”
Matthew explained calmly.
Lucia, not sensing anything amiss, remarked, “You should’ve informed me when you planned to visit.
I wouldn’t have gone out.
Stella wouldn’t be bored with me chatting with her.
”
“Yes, you’re right.
I was thoughtless,” Matthew apologized with a sincere attitude.
“By the way, I took Stella for some wedding photos today.
Let me show you.
”He took out his phone.
###chapter1033
Lucia, setting aside any scolding, eagerly approached and smiled as she looked at the photos.
“You’ve taken the wedding photos.
When’s the wedding ceremony? Are you planning it here or abroad? Why not throw a few more parties? We’re wealthy, and we should go all out.
”
She happily started planning the wedding.
Matthew reassured her, “Grandma, don’t worry.
I’ll take care of everything.
”
Despite his words, an underlying uneasiness lingered in his mind.
He sensed a hidden danger amidst the seemingly tranquil days.
Back at the studio, it was Stella’s day off, and her assistants were absent, making it exceptionally quiet.
She sat down and powered up the computer, intending to resume drawing.
However, a sudden wave of nausea overcame her.
She hurried to the bathroom and retched a few times before regaining composure.
Leaning on the washbasin, she examined her pale face in the mirror.
The gossip from the wealthy ladies at the banquet flashed in her mind.
Furrowing her brow, she gently touched her belly.
Could she be pregnant?
Lately, frequent bouts of sickness and a delayed period, aside from the lingering effects of trauma, hinted at a possible pregnancy.
As the thought crossed her mind, Stella felt the need to confirm it.
Stella headed to the pharmacy and bought a pregnancy test.
As she returned to the studio, her phone rang.
It was Alina.
Setting the pregnancy test aside, Stella answered.
“Alina, what can I do for you?”
After their recent collaboration, they hadn’t been in touch for a while.
Stella was both surprised and curious about the sudden call.
Alina sounded excited.
“Stella, I’m going to be on a movie set soon.
The director noticed my styling at the awards and wants you as an art designer on set.
Are you interested?”
Stella was taken aback.
This was a new opportunity, and she found herself momentarily at a loss.
Alina continued, “The director is Luther.
He often works on popular movies.
Since you have a studio, getting this job could boost its popularity.
What do you think? Want to meet and discuss it?”
###chapter1034
Stella felt moved by Alina’s offer.
While her studio was gaining some recognition, it was still small.
If Alina’s words held true, this opportunity could propel her studio to new heights and provide greater prospects for the future.
After only a brief hesitation, Stella agreed decisively.
Upon arriving at the shooting location, Stella quickly found Alina, who was in the company of a man seated beside her.
The man appeared to be in his late thirties, dressed in dark, casual attire that lent him an air of composed maturity.
Stella surmised he must be Luther Padilla, the director Alina had mentioned.
As Stella approached, Alina caught sight of her and called her over with a wave.
Stella responded with a friendly smile and briskly walked towards them.
She took a seat, pulling out a chair with ease.
After Alina made brief introductions, Stella seized the moment to introduce herself to the director.
“Mr.
Padilla, I’ve heard so much about your work.
I’m Stella, a fashion designer.
”
Luther glanced up at Stella, his expression unreadable and somewhat icy.
Stella felt a wave of nervousness but managed to maintain a composed smile.
“Can you design men’s clothing?” After a moment of silence, Luther’s gruff voice broke the stillness.
“Yes, I can.
I studied fashion design in college and have experience in various styles,” Stella responded confidently.
Luther’s response was a mere nod, his expression still giving nothing away.
Stella found it difficult to gauge his thoughts.
“Come meet the lead characters of the movie tomorrow.
Luther spoke again.
Stella was pleasantly surprised by the smoothness of their interaction.
It looked like she had got the job.
“Thank you! I’ll make sure I create the best designs for the movie characters,” she exclaimed with a broad smile.
“Okay,” Luther said, rising to his feet.
“I need to attend to some matters on set.
I must go now.
”
As Luther departed, Alina stood up to walk Stella out.
“I’ve been hoping for another chance to collaborate with you since the red carpet event.
I’m glad it came so soon,” Alina said while walking.
“Thank you for recommending me.
Without it, I might not have had this opportunity,” Stella responded, looking at Alina with sincere appreciation.
She was fully aware of the rarity and value of such a chance.
###chapter1035
Just then, someone came looking for Alina.
“Please, go ahead with your work.
I’ll find my way out.
” Stella quickly reassured Alina, understanding the demands of her schedule.
“Alright, see you tomorrow.
”
After parting ways with Alina, Stella felt a sudden discomfort in her abdomen and asked about the nearest restroom.
In the bathroom, she found that she had started her menstrual period.
She surmised that the recent stress might have disrupted her cycle, leading to the unexpected onset.
The film set was located in a secluded area.
By the time Stella returned to the studio, the evening had already set in.
Upon entering her office, she was pleasantly surprised to find Matthew waiting for her.
His presence brought a smile to her face.
“Why are you here?” she asked cheerfully.
“I was nearby finishing some work and thought I’d pick you up, Matthew responded calmly.
“Stella, are you pregnant?”
Puzzled by the sudden question, Stella noticed he was holding a pregnancy test stick she had recently set aside.
His grip on it was tight, betraying a hint of concern.
Blinking, she quickly shook her head.
“No, I’m not.
In fact, I got my period today.
”
At her response, she observed a visible easing of tension in Matthew’s expression.
“Don’t you like children?” she asked, furrowing her brows.
Matthew seemed momentarily taken aback, then took Stella into his arms with a smile.
“I’m not planning on having children at the moment, and…”
“I see.
” Stella felt a drop in her spirits at his initial words and wanted to hear nothing more.
“Let’s go home,” she added indifferently, gently withdrawing from his hold.
Matthew sensed a shift in Stella’s mood but couldn’t grasp the reason.
As she abruptly turned around to leave, he reached for her hand.
However, Stella gently pulled away and continued walking.
Her mind was a mess.
###chapter1036
She had sensed Matthew’s hesitation towards children since the previous night’s banquet, and his reaction just now seemed to confirm her fears.
It appeared that Matthew did not want a child-not with her.
The night had fallen when Stella and Matthew arrived home.
After completing her nightly routine, Stella lay quietly on the bed, her gaze fixed on the ceiling.
A few minutes later, Matthew joined her, draping his arm across her waist.
Breaking the silence, Stella mentioned her day’s events.
“I saw Alina today.
I’ve agreed to work as a designer with the film crew and will be staying on set for a few days.
”
This news caused Matthew to pause.
“Why do you need to stay on set?
If it’s too far, I can arrange for a driver to bring you back and forth every day.
”
“No, I think it’s good for us to spend some time apart.
We’ve been living together for a long time,” Stella responded nonchalantly.
Sensing an undercurrent of tension, Matthew couldn’t help but frown.
He wanted to ask why, but before he could, she pushed his hand away and turned her back to him.
“I’m a bit tired.
Please turn off the Light.
”
Left with no other option, Matthew remained silent and reached out to turn off the Light.
It was the first time Stella gave Matthew the silent treatment after they got back together.
Matthew tossed and turned the whole night, unable to sleep.
He kept turning Stella’s sudden change in attitude over in his mind, trying to understand what upset her, but he couldn’t figure it out.
It was only after dawn broke that he finally succumbed to sleep.
When he woke up in the morning, the other side of the bed was cold and empty-Stella was gone.
Matthew had hoped that after they would talk and sort things out.
But instead, Stella left without saying anything.
Matthew was so disappointed that he didn’t even feel like eating breakfast.
He just went straight to work.
Fernando was on his way to deliver a cup of coffee to Matthew’s office when he noticed Matthew walking in with a distinctly downcast expression.
“Mr.
Clark.
” Fernando greeted him quickly.
He was puzzled to see Matthew arriving so early, as it had become a rare occurrence since Stella left Prosperity Group.
What could have happened to cause this change in routine?
###chapter1037
Meanwhile, Matthew went straight into his office without a word.
Fernando took a moment to collect himself before following Matthew inside.
He placed the coffee on the table and began to update Matthew on ongoing projects.
Matthew reached for the coffee and took a long sip.
It was his usual black coffee, but it seemed exceptionally bitter today.
“Get me another cup of coffee,” Matthew said with a frown.
Fernando paused as it dawned on him that Matthew’s bad mood might be the result of a disagreement with Stella.
He gave a quick nod and turned to leave.
Before exiting, he reminded Matthew of an important commitment.
“Mr.
Clark, we have a contract signing with Evans Group at ten o’clock.
”
“Alright, please bring an extra cup of coffee when you return,”
Matthew replied, rubbing his temples.
At ten o’clock, Sprague arrived for their meeting at Prosperity Group.
Once settled in the office, he flipped through the contract pages, meticulously reviewing the details.
“Mr.
Clark, I’m interested in converting 50% of my fees into shares in Prosperity Group.
I want to become a shareholder.
”
This unexpected suggestion took Matthew by surprise, but he saw no reason to .
He promptly instructed his team to make the necessary amendments to the contract.
He had done his homework on Evans Group just the day before.
He learned that Sprague, in his younger years, had made a significant fortune starting from a modest investment.
His hard work in Seamarsh, coupled with a reputation for being modest and respectful in business dealings, had allowed him to steadily grow Evans Group.
His record was impeccable, with no red flags or suspicious activities.
Matthew saw the potential benefits of having Sprague as a shareholder in Prosperity Group.
His involvement would strengthen the company’s standing in the industry without causing any trouble.
As soon as the contract was finalized, Fernando entered the room with a tray of coffee.
Taking advantage of the moment, Matthew extended an invitation to Sprague to stay for a while longer.
“Mr.
Evans, if you’re not in a hurry, I’d like you to join me for a cup of coffee and a chat.
”
Sprague raised an eyebrow.
Then, without saying anything, he gracefully accepted a cup of coffee.
“Mr.
Evans, your success at such a young age is remarkable.
You’ve built Evans Group to its current stature starting from just a little amount of money.
” Matthew was eager to learn more about Sprague and started praising him.
###chapter1038
As Sprague sipped his coffee, he pondered for a moment before breaking into a smile.
“Mr.
Clark, do you want to know how I earned that initial sum?”
“Yes, I’d love to hear about it!”
Sprague’s smile remained, but there was a deep, unspoken story in his eyes.
“Well, I owe gratitude to your father.
He helped me earn that money.
Without his help, I wouldn’t be where I am today.
That’s partly why I chose to partner with Prosperity Group.
”
This revelation caught Matthew off guard.
He didn’t know Sprague had a connection with his late father.
It also made Matthew wonder about Sprague’s earlier reluctance to collaborate with Prosperity Group.
Sprague had denied all offers before finally agreeing to join hands at the recent birthday party.
“Then why the delay in agreeing to work with us?” Matthew decided to address this concern directly.
“That’s because I’ve suddenly come to think highly of Prosperity Group,” Sprague responded with a smile.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew’s brow furrowed.
He wanted to ask Sprague what he meant by that, but before he could continue, the door abruptly opened.
Fernando rushed in with panic.
Sprague stood up to leave.
“Thank you for the coffee, Mr.
Clark.
I’ll take my leave now.
Let’s meet again soon.
”
Matthew gave him a brief nod of acknowledgment.
When Sprague left, Matthew turned his attention to Fernando.
“What’s going on?”
Fernando, apologetic, bowed slightly and handed over an envelope to Matthew.
“This letter was sent to the company.
It didn’t have a sender’s name, and I was concerned it could be threatening, so I opened it.
”
After hesitating, he added, “You should read it yourself.
”
Matthew took the envelope and unfolded the letter inside.
The message was brief.
“My dear brother, it’s time for you to step down from the position of CEO of Prosperity Group.
”
The provocative words in the letter cast a shadow over Matthew’s face.
His voice turned cold and cutting.
###chapter1039
“Who sent this letter?”
Startled, Fernando snapped back to attention and replied promptly, “I checked the surveillance video, but I didn’t spot anyone suspicious.
” His gaze was scrutinizing as he spoke.
Matthew furrowed his brow, tightening his grip on the letter.
Instructing Fernando to continue checking the surveillance footage, he sat on the sofa, attempting to organize the chaotic thoughts swirling in his mind.
The letter landed on the table with a casual toss.
It appeared that Prosperity Group was being targeted, but the sender’s identity remained a mystery.
Who could it be? The person sent him a warning letter today.
What would they do the next day?
This situation was spiraling out of his control.
However, acting passively would only make his foes bolder, which could eventually harm Stella and his family.
As Stella was staying with the crew at the shooting site, Matthew grew even more restless.
He took out his phone but it rang first, displaying Neville’s name on the screen.
Matthew frowned and pressed the answer button.
“What happened between you and Stella?” Neville asked urgently.
“I just arrived to prepare for the ground-breaking ceremony and saw Stella at the shooting site next to us.
She had a big suitcase.
Seems like she’s planning to stay there.
Did you two have a fight?”
Matthew’s chest constricted.
He deftly avoided Neville’s question and said, “Come to Blue Moon Bar first.
I have something urgent to discuss with you.
”
After ending the call, Matthew contacted the bodyguards assigned to protect Stella and confirmed that they were still with her.
A sense of relief washed over him.
When Matthew arrived at the bar half an hour later, Neville was already seated in the booth, and several bottles of wine adorned the table.
Although Neville was initially curious about whatever went on between Matthew and Stella, he changed the topic upon seeing Matthew’s serious expression.
“What’s going on that you needed to talk to me urgently?”
Matthew proceeded to recount recent events, producing the ominous letter.
As Neville glanced at it, his expression grew more solemn.
“So, you suspect your father may have a bastard child?”
With a somber expression, Matthew nodded.
“The target of the enemy is clear.
I’m worried they might resort to more despicable methods to harm those around me.
”
###chapter1040
“No matter how bold they are, they won’t dare to act openly.
”
Neville attempted to lighten the mood.
“Besides, this person hasn’t shown their face.
It seems like they just want to intimidate you.
As for their identity, we’ll have to investigate carefully.
Relax for a bit.
”
Matthew’s cold and serious expression showed no signs of easing.
He furrowed his brow, pursing his thin lips in deep contemplation.
Neville poured him a glass of wine.
“Don’t worry.
I’ll do whatever I can to help.
If you need financial support, the Pierce family is here.
”
Matthew raised his head, meeting Neville’s serious gaze.
“Thank you,” he said, lifting his glass and clinking it with Neville’s.
Despite Neville’s assurance, he remained vigilant.
Matthew downed the entire glass without leaving a drop, his expression still gloomy.
As he placed the empty glass back on the table, a sharp pain shot through his stomach.
He instinctively reached out, pressing against the source of the discomfort.
Noticing Matthew’s uneasy reaction, Neville set down his glass and inquired, “What’s wrong with you?”
Mathew’s face contorted in pain.
Neville furrowed his brow and asked, “Is it another stomachache?”
Matthew pressed his Lips together coldly, choosing to remain silent.
He hadn’t eaten since morning, surviving solely on coffee and a glass of wine, which now led to a stomachache.
“I’m fine.
I’ll be fine after a while,” he replied, his tone seemingly indifferent.
However, the prominent blue veins on his forehead betrayed the extent of his discomfort.
Unconvinced, Neville countered, “I’ll take you to the hospital first, and then I’ll call Stella.
”
Attempting to deflect, Matthew restrained Neville’s hand and shook his head.
“Don’t call her now.
Just go to the car and get me some stomach medicine.
”
Neville hesitated, sensing an underlying issue between him and Stella.
“Hold on.
Wait for me.
” Concerned for Matthew, Neville swiftly grabbed his car keys and headed out.
After a while, he returned with the medicine and instructed the waiter to bring a glass of water.
Once Mathew had taken the medicine, he eased back into the sofa, slumping his tense shoulders.
Seizing the moment, Neville asked, “What’s going on between you and Stella? Did you have a fight?”
The Clark family had publicly acknowledged Stella, so logically, everything should be smooth sailing.
###chapter1041
Matthew pinched the bridge of his nose before revealing, “It’s because I’m not ready for a child.
”
After some contemplation, he had realized that Stella was in a bad mood after he saw the pregnancy test.
A child wasn’t part of his current plan.
Despite being married for over a year, he and Stella had spent only a few months together.
He was wary of a child disrupting their lives at this juncture.
Neville wasn’t taken aback by Matthew’s revelation.
He understood Matthew’s reluctance to have children, given his upbringing.
Matthew had grown up without the love of both parents, forced into the role of family heir under immense pressure, fighting against adversaries alone.
That was why Matthew hesitated to embrace fatherhood, fearing he couldn’t provide his child with the love they deserved.
After a thoughtful moment, Neville urged him to open up to Stella about his concerns.
“I suggest you have an honest conversation with Stella if she genuinely wants a child.
She’ll understand where you’re coming from.
”
“Okay.
Matthew agreed quietly.
“I’ll talk to her once everything is sorted out.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Respecting Matthew’s stubborn nature, Neville chose not to press further.
Stella arrived at the film set early the next morning.
The crew hadn’t arrived yet, so she wandered around aimlessly for a little while.
Despite the early hour, disappointment clouded her face as she checked her phone repeatedly.
In past disagreements, Matthew had always been quick to talk things out.
But this time, he maintained a troubling silence.
Was he really so reluctant to have a child with her?
Was he beginning to hate her because of this topic?
The more she thought of it, the heavier her heart became.
Lost in contemplation, she noticed a man who looked a lot like Farris.
His head was bent, and he was focused on his Laptop.
Stunned for a moment, Stella approached and impulsively grabbed his arm.
“Farris? Is that you? You are not dead, are you? I knew they must have lied to me.
How could you have an accident and die?”
The man swiveled around sharply and frowned at the emotional woman holding his arm.
“Let go of me!”
The man’s cold and deep voice interrupted Stella’s thoughts.
###chapter1042
She composed herself and looked at him, tears glistening in her eyes.
The man’s countenance was icy, his gaze indifferent, and his features sharp.
He bore no resemblance to Farris.
It seemed her longing had created an illusion.
Stella recalled that he was the movie’s lead actor, Luka Swain, a nominee for the Best Actor award.
Realizing her mistake, Stella was about to retract her hand when the man impatiently pulled his arm away.
Luka’s face remained cool.
“Who let you in?”
Startled by his cold tone, Stella instinctively shrank her shoulders.
She stammered an apology.
“I’m sorry.
I mistook you for someone else.
I’m…”
“Mistook me for someone else?” Luka scoffed.
“What a poor excuse for stalking! I don’t care how you snuck in.
Leave immediately, or I’ll call the police.
”
“I am not…” Stella attempted to clarify her identity, but Luka didn’t give her a chance.
“It’s your usual trick to deny everything to the end.
You better leave before you regret it,” Luka growled.
Just in time, Alina arrived.
“Stella, I’ve been looking for you everywhere.
So, you’re here.
”
Noticing Luka’s presence, Alina was surprised and flashed him a smile.
“You’re here too.
It’s a great opportunity for introductions.
This is Stella, the art director for this movie.
”
Luka pursed his lips, his expression shifting from disgust to scrutiny as he gazed at Stella.
He turned to Alina, questioning, “Are you sure? Does she have what it takes to be an art director?”
The smile on Alina’s face froze.
Stella met Luka’s gaze and saw disdain written all over.
She straightened her clothes and spoke earnestly.
“It was an accident.
I mistook you for a good friend.
I sincerely apologize.
But please don’t doubt my ability.
I’ll be your fashion designer from now on.
We need to get along.
”
###chapter1043
Luka curved his lips.
“I don’t know why the director made such a decision, but if you’re going to stay at the shooting site as an art director, you’ll need my approval.
If you can’t earn it, you’re free to leave.
”
Stella paused and nodded.
“Of course.
”
Without saying anything else, Luka turned and walked away.
Before Alina could inquire about what had transpired between Stella and Luka, she was called away by the staff to prepare for the shoot.
Stella wasn’t sure if Luka was intentionally making things difficult for her.
It wasn’t until nearly dusk that she received notice to measure his size.
‘s BunnyBookery
Her stomach complained as she stared at the food in front of her, but she reluctantly put it aside and went about her task.
Because of the earlier events, Stella had already sensed Luka’s arrogance and rudeness.
She had no intention of escalating the conflict to further fuel his dislike for her.
She maintained a professional demeanor as she proceeded to measure Luka’s size.
Once finished, she informed him, “I’ve read the script and will pre-select the clothes for episodes 1-10.
”
Luka shook his head, stating firmly, “I need to inspect the clothes before making a decision.
”
The implication was clear: Stella didn’t have the authority to make decisions.
Stella chose not to engage in an argument.
Instead, she turned to the staff member, Brook Holmes, and said, “Please help me bring over the clothing racks.
”
“Sure.
” Brook set aside his work, ready to leave.
“Wait a moment,” Luka interjected.
“You stay here.
”
He turned and glanced at Stella, who was still fiddling with a measuring tape.
“You go get it.
”
Stella instantly froze.
Given the numerous clothes at the shooting site and the heavy clothing racks, it was impractical for her to move it swiftly.
A tense silence hung in the air.
Brook, sensing the awkwardness, looked at Luka and attempted to speak up for Stella.
“Stella just arrived at the shooting site today, so she might not be familiar with the surroundings.
I’ll assist her.
”
“Just let her go alone.
” The smile on Luka’s face widened.
He turned to Brook and said, “I have other tasks for you.
”
###chapter1044
Brook glanced at Stella with an apologetic expression, gesturing with crossed fingers.
He dared not say more.
Seated in the chair, Luka raised his eyebrows.
“My time is valuable.
Why don’t you hurry up?”
Confronted with his arrogant gaze, Stella felt as if she were dealing with a devil.
She took a deep breath, maintaining a forced smile.
“I’ll go.
”
Setting aside the measuring tape, Stella turned and hurried to the workroom.
She began to painstakingly push the heavy racks one after the other.
After several trips, she was breathless and exhausted, silently cursing Luka.
If she had known he was this difficult to deal with, she would have steered clear of him from the start.
“Narcissistic! Demon! Bastard!” Stella muttered a few more choice words to vent her anger as she held the last rack.
Despite her frustration, she still had to move the rack.
If it weren’t for the need for Luther’s film to boost her studio’s credit and reputation, she wouldn’t have endured such insults and humiliation.
Suppressing her anger, Stella reluctantly accepted the mistreatment as she dragged the rack into place.
Just as she started a new round of curses, she felt the rack become noticeably Lighter.
Turning around, she was surprised to see Matthew assisting her.
Stella hesitated for a moment, moved by the unexpected help.
However, as she recalled their ongoing silent treatment and Matthew’s radio silence throughout the morning, she quickly restrained herself.
If Matthew hadn’t neglected to contact her, she wouldn’t have wandered absentmindedly, offended Luka, and become a target for his disdain.
In a cold tone, Stella asked, “What are you doing here?”
Matthew felt relieved that she initiated the conversation.
“I’m just here to lend you a hand.
”
“No, thanks.
” Stella stubbornly refused.
“I don’t need your help for such a small thing.
”
Observing her steadfast expression, Matthew understood that her anger had subsided somewhat.
He lowered his head and covered his stomach with his hand, feigning pain.
###chapter1045
“Ouch.
”
Stella immediately perked up.
“What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
Matthew couldn’t hold it and cracked a laugh.
“So you still do care about me.
”
Stella realized she had been deceived.
She glared at him, pulled the rack, and walked into the shooting site.
Matthew silently trailed behind.
Upon reaching the workroom, they observed several employees chatting, seemingly indifferent to Stella’s solo efforts.
No one even bothered to offer a hand.
It appeared that this working dynamic was widely accepted.
With a stern expression, Matthew questioned sharply, “Who asked Stella to pull so many clothing racks alone?”
He was well known for his domineering demeanor.
He stood at the doorway exuding a cold aura.
Although he didn’t appear angry, his mere presence was intimidating.
The entire room instantly fell silent.
“It was me.
” Luka stood up from his seat and spoke lazily.
“I asked her to move them.
What about it?”
Matthew scrutinized him carefully.
‘s BunnyBookery
As their eyes locked, a silent battle seemed to unfold between the two of them.
The room fell silent as everyone’s eyes shifted between the three individuals.
Feeling the weight of their gaze, Stella cleared her throat and addressed Matthew.
“Wait for me outside.
I’ll join you when I finish my work.
”
Given Matthew’s influential position, the crew naturally respected him.
Stella preferred being regarded as an ordinary colleague rather than leveraging her Mrs.
Clark status for privileges.
She didn’t want people to fear her identity.
“I’ll wait for you here.
” Matthew withdrew his gaze.
Determined, Stella asserted, “Your presence here will affect everyone’s work.
You don’t have to be here.
”
Though Matthew wanted to say more, he ultimately nodded.
###chapter1046
“I’ll be at the door.
Call if you need any help.
”
Stella nodded and sent him off.
Once he left, a collective sigh of relief swept through the room, and everyone hastily found tasks to occupy themselves, fearing they might face repercussions if they were caught idling.
Stella shifted her gaze to Luka.
“All your clothes are here.
You can choose your favorite type first, and I’ll design the rest for you.
”
Luka, seemingly in no rush, stared at her for a while and inquired, “What’s the relationship between you and Mr.
Clark?”
Stella was taken aback by his question.
While Stella’s relationship with Matthew was nearly public knowledge on the internet, Luka seemed oblivious to it.
Stella saw this as an advantage, as it spared her from potential difficulties he might create.
She replied, her tone firm, “That’s a personal question, unrelated to our work.
It’s best to focus on selecting your clothes.
The longer you take, the less advantageous it’ll be for us.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Clearly dissatisfied with her response, Luka frowned, seemingly on the verge of expressing his displeasure.
Before he could say anything, his agent barged in urgently, his expression anxious.
“I’ve been calling you for a while now.
Why are you not answering?”
“What’s going on?” Luka inquired unhappily.
“I just received a notice about Prosperity Group’s endorsement.
No matter what you’re doing, put it aside and come with me.
”
Luka glanced meaningfully at Stella, maintaining an unhurried tone.
“I haven’t been measured for the film costumes yet.
I don’t think the director will be happy if we aren’t done by today.
”
“What? Why the delay?” The agent, now anxious, turned to Stella.
“Help him with the measurements.
Now!”
Stella remained silent, lowered her head, and continued measuring Luka’s size with the tape.
Whether it was due to Matthew’s earlier presence or the agent’s arrival, Luka didn’t make things difficult for her this time.
As soon as Stella finished with the measurements, the agent whisked Luka away.
She wrapped up her work and stepped out, expecting to find Matthew waiting.
However, he was nowhere in sight, despite his earlier promise.
###chapter1047
Suppressing her disappointment, Stella continued on her way.
At the shooting site’s gate, she spotted Matthew standing by the car.
It turned out he was still there.
Stella couldn’t help but purse her lips, attempting to hide a smile.
Before she could say anything, Matthew said in a rigid tone, “Come back with me.
”
Matthew was unaware of the dynamics between Stella and Luka.
He had only witnessed her intimately taking his measurements.
And if that wasn’t enough, his day-long stomachache had put him on edge.
He no longer her wanted her to stay here.
But his way of expressing his desires left Stella’s mood sour.
She had thought she would receive some comforting words, but his tone made her irritated.
“You can head back alone.
It’s my first time at the shooting site, and I need to figure some things out.
Staying here lets me address these matters if needed.
”
“You sure you won’t come with me?” Matthew asked, fixing his gaze on her.
Stella affirmed, “Absolutely sure.
”
Without uttering another word, Matthew drove away, leaving Stella watching the departing car.
The exchange felt unusually cold, and bitterness settled in her heart.
He had never treated her so indifferently ever since they officially got together.
She didn’t want things to escalate this much, but alas.
After Matthew left, the assistant director called Stella back to work.
She didn’t get to her room in the crew’s quarters to rest until she had sorted out all of Luka’s clothes.
Despite being dead tired, Stella couldn’t fall asleep no matter how hard she tried.
So, she grabbed her phone, hoping to see a message from Matthew.
But, the results were disappointing.
Did he really get mad this time?
Stella couldn’t quite put a finger on her feelings; it was like an empty void gnawing at her soul.
She still wished for a text from Matthew, even if it was just a casual “Hey” or a note saying he’d made it home.
But her phone remained radio silent.
Restless and turning in bed, Stella decided to call Miley.
She needed someone to talk to, to unload the weight on her chest.
The phone rang just once, and Miley picked up.
She sounded surprised.
“Stella, you’re not asleep? What’s up?”
“Nothing much.
I can’t sleep and thought I’d chat with you,” Stella replied in a dull tone.
Miley asked, “Did you have a fight with Matthew?”
###chapter1048
Her spot-on guess momentarily stunned Stella.
After a beat, she confessed, “Yes.
”
“What went down?” Miley probed.
Stella replied, “A few days ago, my period was late, and I was thinking I might be pregnant.
I bought a pregnancy test, but my period showed up before I could use it.
And it all started here.
Matthew looked relieved when he heard the news.
He wasn’t exactly thrilled about the idea of having a kid, as if he didn’t want our child.
”
She wrapped it up, her voice trailing off, leaving a heavy pause on the other end of the Line.
Stella furrowed her brow, ready to speak, when a man’s voice came from the other end of the line.
“Matthew has his reasons.
”
Miley cut him off.
“Neville! Can you please be quiet? I’m talking to Stella.
Why are you jumping in?”
Stella was taken aback by the abrupt scolding and Neville’s voice pleading for understanding in the background.
‘s BunnyBookery
After a brief pause, Miley resumed, “Apologies.
Carry on.
”
Stella quickly regained her focus and inquired, “What’s Neville doing at your place?”
Miley clarified, “He dropped by after grabbing drinks with Matthew.
He mentioned that Matthew was feeling ill with a stomachache, and was in a sour mood.
Maybe there’s a misunderstanding between you two.
It could be good to have a serious talk with Matthew, especially since he’s not feeling well.
I think you should give him a chance to explain.
”
Stella’s brow furrowed some more as she recalled Matthew’s pained expression while helping her with the rack.
So, his stomachache was genuine, not at all a prank like she’d assumed.
Regret settled in as Stella reconsidered her recent attitude towards him.
“I get it.
You and Neville enjoy your date.
I won’t bother you anymore.
”
“It’s not a bother.
You can always come to me.
Don’t keep it all in.
You’re a priority, no matter what,” Miley reassured in an upbeat tone.
Stella appreciated her friend’s kindness and exchanged a few more words before hanging up.
Afterward, she opened her chat with Matthew and crafted a text message.
She finally sent it.
“Heard you had a stomachache.
Have you seen a doctor? How are you feeling now?”
It didn’t take long before her phone buzzed with Matthew’s reply
###chapter1049
“I’m fine.
You should get some sleep now.
”
Stella read the message, and a sense of relief settled in.
Instead of heading home after leaving the set, Matthew returned to the company.
Fernando, still at work, noticed his pained expression and poured him a glass of water.
Concerned, he suggested, “Sir, it’s getting late.
You should head home and rest if you’re feeling unwell.
”
“There’s no need,” Matthew replied without shifting his focus, his voice resolute.
“I’ve already taken medicine.
Forget about everything else and keep your eyes on the task I’ve given you.
”
Fernando nodded silently and turned to leave.
Efficient as ever, he swiftly offered Matthew a document detailing all the candidates associated with Sprague.
As Matthew flipped through the pages, his gaze landed on one person whose features vaguely resembled his own.
His eyes clouded over, and he muttered the mame beneath the photograph.
“Benny Clifford.
”
Seeing Matthew stuck in contemplation, his eyes fixed on the photos, Fernando leaned in and asked in a low voice, “Mr.
Clark, is everything okay?”
Pointing at Benny’s name, Matthew replied, “Look into this guy.
Get me as much info as possible.
”
Fernando nodded.
About half an hour later, he handed over the document.
As Matthew skimmed through, a frown crept onto his face.
He glanced up at Fernando and questioned, “Is this all we’ve got?”
“Yes.
” Fernando nodded with a slight sheen of sweat.
“We pulled every string we could, but there’s barely anything on this man.
”
Matthew kept his thoughts to himself, his eyes locked on Benny’s photo.
It seemed Benny had gone to some lengths to hide his background.
Maybe Benny wasn’t even his real name.
Matthew’s expression got more intense, memories of the man who sent a gift to Lucia’s birthday and Sprague’s mysterious words swirling in his mind.
Benny might be blood-related to him.
Feeling the shift in Matthew’s mood, Fernando asked, “Mr.
Clark, everything alright? Should I dig deeper?”
Matthew refocused, his gaze clearing.
###chapter1050
“Let’s put a pause on it.
Keep it a secret for now.
”
Now that Benny had made a reappearance and grabbed his attention, it was clear the he was well prepared.
In this current setup, Benny was in the shadows while he was in the clear, a lot more vulnerable.
Making any impulsive moves would only rub Benny the wrong way, and the fallout could be consequential.
Fernando, not fully understanding why Matthew was on high alert, decided to obey.
“Alright.
”
Matthew closed the file and tossed it onto the table.
“You’re good to go.
”
Seeing Matthew wanted some alone time, Fernando gave a nod and made his exit.
The office sank back into silence.
Matthew laced his fingers, lost in thought.
Dealing with this sudden reappearance of a potential brother wasn’t letting him find any peace.
This bombshell, once detonated, would send shockwaves through the entire Clark family.
‘s BunnyBookery
And Matthew was dead set on preventing that.
Easing his grip, he focused on the document, his gaze turning ice-cold.
When Matthew finally left Prosperity Group, the clock had already struck midnight.
He hadn’t eaten a thing all day, and the medicine’s effect had worn off.
Enduring the discomfort, he steered his way back to Prosper Bay.
As he pulled into Prosper Bay, his palms were a bit sweaty, and a thin l
ayer of sweat formed on his forehead.
His consciousness started to get fuzzy.
He stepped out of the car and took a few seconds to gather himself.
That was when he noticed a silhouette in the distance-a woman standing at the door with her back to him.
His mind a bit scattered, Matthew made out the woman’s back and recognized her as Stella.
A surge of joy overcame him.
Ignoring his discomfort, he took a step forward and said, “Stella…”
The woman turned around.
As Matthew caught sight of her face, he halted, his expression instantly darkening.
“Leslie? Why are you here so late at night?”
Leslie’s smile froze, but just for a moment.
She quickly adjusted and said with a smile, “Matthew, I noticed your condition in the elevator earlier.
I’m genuinely concerned.
I asked my father to prescribe some medicine for you.
Give it a shot.
If it helps, we can continue the treatment.
”
###chapter1051
Matthew glanced at the medicine box in her hand and replied flatly, “Leave the medicine and go.
”
“Matthew, I’ve been waiting here for you for a while,” Leslie said in a weak, pitiful voice.
“It’s late, and it’s not safe for me to go back alone.
”
Matthew remained unfazed.
“I don’t want you showing up at my house anymore.
”
Leslie’s eyes widened.
She hadn’t expected Matthew to be so straightforward in rejecting her.
Matthew looked away and walked past her.
As he reached the door, about to enter, Leslie called out to him again.
“Matthew! Leslie rushed over, fixing him with an intense gaze.
“I’ve made it so obvious.
Can’t you see? I love you.
Why don’t you give me a chance?”
Matthew frowned, his face growing darker.
“I’m married.
Out of respect for your father, I’ll pretend I didn’t hear what you just said.
”
With that, he shut the door firmly, leaning against it and gritting his teeth.
It took the entirety of his strength not to topple over.
Leslie stood outside, a mix of embarrassment, frustration, and anger playing on her face.
She banged on the door.
“Matthew, I don’t care if you’re married.
I just love you…”
Before she could finish, a woman’s voice interrupted her.
“Isn’t it a bit inappropriate to harass my husband so blatantly at this hour?”
Leslie whirled to find Stella behind her.
Her face flushed from shame to fury.
Without any intention of courtesy, Leslie snapped, “Your opinion on my doings is unnecessary.
And why the arrogance?”
Stella, eyebrows arched, arms folded across her chest, replied coolly, “I’m Matthew’s wife.
Shouldn’t that be enough?”
A sharp discomfort lodged in Leslie’s throat.
Eventually, she retorted, “Do you think that Matthew Loves you because he married you?
You might be nothing more than a toy to him.
”
She paused, a sudden thought striking her, then sneered.
###chapter1052
“If not, why weren’t you at home in the middle of the night? Seems you’ve been cast out!”
Having grown weary of the whispers about her and Matthew, Stella stood her ground.
“Should you fancy Matthew, pursue him.
My standing in his eyes shouldn’t concern you.
But, with our marriage public, surely you grasp the basics of decorum and dignity?”
At Stella’s words, Leslie’s expression turned stormy.
She hadn’t expected Stella to remain unflustered.
Leslie’s gaze hardened, her mind unhinged by rage.
“Foolishness will be your downfall!”
Stella offered a nonchalant smile.
“Night has fallen.
How much longer will you loiter at my doorstep? Leave now, or I’ll inform the police you’re causing a disturbance.
”
She feigned reaching for her phone.
Leslie, though seething, knew better than to continue this fight at Prosper Bay.
Ruffling Matthew would only serve Stella’s interests, not her own.
She shot Stella a final glare, then turned on her heel and departed.
Stella watched her departure, a slight crease forming on her brow.
Her gaze lingered on her phone before setting it down.
She pushed through the door into the unlit room.
Clicking on the light, her eyes caught the sight of a man sprawled on the floor.
“Matthew!” she cried out, her voice laced with panic as she rushed to his side.
Drawing closer, she noticed his pallor, the unnatural lightness of his lips.
His expression was contorted with discomfort.
She cradled his head, relieved to find his skin lacked the heat of fever.
“Matthew, can you hear me?” Stella whispered, struggling to lift him.
His frame was too much for her to manage alone, so she settled for calling his name softly and holding his hand, which felt unnervingly cool in her grasp.
Stella, feeling helpless, began to rub his hand methodically, trying to transfer her warmth to him.
“Matthew, look at me, I’m here!” Her voice quivered with tears born of fear.
She sensed a gradual warmth returning to his hand, and with it, a measure of her own composure.
She redoubled her efforts, massaging his hands to aid his recovery.
“Mm…” A faint groan escaped Matthew as he fluttered open his eyes.
###chapter1053
The world slowly came back into focus, and upon recognizing Stella, he instinctively clutched his stomach.
Joy surged through Stella as she saw signs of his awakening.
“Let’s get you comfortable.
”
She assisted him onto the couch with all her might before dashing to fetch the medicine box.
‘s BunnyBookery
Finding the right medicine, she hurried back with a glass of water.
“Here, this should ease the pain.
”
Matthew reclined on the sofa, the medicine going down with the help of the water.
As his discomfort ebbed, he opened his eyes fully and, with a surge of strength, drew Stella into a tight embrace.
“You shouldn’t exert yourself, Matthew,” Stella protested as she unexpectedly found herself enveloped in his arms.
She stiffened, then tried to rise.
“Holding you makes the pain fade,” Matthew confessed, his embrace tightening, his voice a soft rumble.
Looking up, Stella was captured by the warmth in his eyes and stilled her efforts to pull away.
“Just a little longer; the pain is real,” Matthew implored, his words slow, almost pleading.
With no resistance left, Stella settled into his arms.
They remained entwined, the only sound in the quiet room was the steady ticking of the clock.
The comfort of his embrace and his steady heartbeat coaxed Stella into a state of ease.
Exhaustion from sleepless nights was catching up with her, lulling her towards rest.
Just as her eyes began to droop, an unexpected sound broke the silence-a rumble from Matthew’s stomach.
Stella couldn’t suppress a chuckle.
“I’m hungry,” Matthew admitted with a sheepish grin.
“I’m sorry for the upset earlier.
Can you forgive me?”
Stella’s gaze lowered, her eyelashes fluttering in thought.
After a pause, she lifted her eyes to his, her voice carrying a clear and honest tone.
“Yes, I forgive you.
”
She wanted to delve into their discussion about not having children, but the question remained unspoken.
Their marriage was fresh; they were still finding their rhythm together.
###chapter1054
The topic of children could wait.
With a self-reassuring nod, Stella disengaged from his hold and stood up.
Matthew clasped her hand and, with his other hand, pressed against his stomach.
“I’ve not had a bite to eat all day,” he said, his voice tinged with distress.
A wave of compassion washed over Stella.
‘s BunnyBookery
“I’ll cook something for you.
”
He released her hand and watched as she made her way to the kitchen.
Observing her bustling about, he allowed himself to unwind.
At Agate Bar, Leslie sat sipping her drink at the counter, the potent liquor numbing her senses, her vision slowly blurring.
As a child, she reveled in the warmth of a joyous family and the affection of a caring brother.
But at the age of ten, her world shattered, happiness bursting like bubbles.
Divorce cleaved her parents apart, her mother departing with her brother, leaving her in Mateo’s care.
Her mother’s remarriage granted her brother a new sister, and with time, the distance between them grew until he ceased all contact.
This abandonment lodged a deep ache in Leslie’s heart, a pain not even her doctor father could heal.
In Matthew, she glimpsed a shadow of her brother, a semblance of rekindled kinship.
Yet, she soon discovered Matthew harbored affections for another, reigniting the sting of rejection.
Lifting her head, Leslie downed her wine in one swift motion, signaling the bartender for another.
Today’s revelation of Matthew’s circumstances through Mateo had spurred her to action.
She had seized the chance to visit Matthew, only for Stella’s unexpected return to foil her plans and leave her mortified.
Leslie’s lips tightened, a storm brewing in her expression.
She slammed her fist down, cursing under her breath.
“Damn it!”
“ALL your anger makes no difference to Stella and Matthew.
” A raspy voice intruded upon her thoughts.
###chapter1055
Leslie’s inebriation was evident in her flushed cheeks.
She glanced up to see a tall figure standing next to her.
Her vision swam, and her words stumbled.
“You… Who might you be?”
Benny responded not with words but action, pulling up a chair to sit beside her.
He presented a business card.
“Should you find yourself in need, give me a call.
”
Leslie’s brow creased as she grasped the edge of the table for balance, then took the card.
Just then, the bartender set down a c@@ktail.
“Miss, your drink.
”
She tossed the card into her purse with a nonchalant flick of her wrist and lifted her glass.
“Join me,” she invited.
Benny nodded to the bartender.
“Another for me, please.
”
Leslie downed her drink quickly.
She leaned in, squinting at Benny with a scrutinizing gaze.
“Do you know Matthew? What ties do you share with him? And why offer me aid?”
After a brief, indifferent glance, Benny accepted his drink and touched his glass to hers.
After a contemplative sip, he said in a resonant tone, “Matthew holds great significance to me.
”
As the alcohol took its toll, Leslie erupted into giggles.
She peered intently at Benny and probed further, “Significant, is he?
Just how so? Could it be that you have feelings for Matthew too?”
Benny swirled the contents of his glass, downed it in one go, set it down, and departed.
As he turned, a smile played on his lips, yet it didn’t reach his eyes.
In his mind, Matthew’s importance was such that he fantasized about his demise.
Outside, the driver promptly opened the car’s back door for Benny.
###chapter1056
After Benny was seated, the driver closed the door, circled the vehicle, and took his place behind the wheel.
“Mr.
Clifford, do you intend to assist that lady? She doesn’t strike me as particularly sharp.
I doubt she’ll be of any use to our scheme.
”
Benny’s expression remained icy as he withdrew a cigarette, placed it between his lips, and ignited it with a flick of his lighter.
Inhaling deeply, he let out a stream of smoke, his gaze narrowing into a chilling glint.
“A woman who lacks cunning is easier to manipulate.
Matthew values Stella greatly.
It will be intriguing to watch him in distress.
”
The next morning, Stella awoke to find Matthew still in the throes of sleep.
She caressed his face, pleased to feel the warmth of his skin.
She dared to reach higher, her fingers brushing his eyelashes, soft and lush.
Intent on feeling them again, she was taken by surprise as her wrist was caught.
In an instant, she found herself pulled into his embrace.
“What are you doing?” Matthew’s voice was rough with sleep.
Caught in the act, Stella’s cheeks warmed.
She cleared her throat, shifting the focus.
“How’s your stomach now?”
“The pain’s gone,” Matthew replied, planting a soft ki*s on her cheek, his whisper tickling her ear.
“Will you be at the shoot today?”
“Yes,” Stella confirmed, glancing at the clock.
“It’s time we got up.
Having said that, she nudged Matthew’s shoulder.
“Release me, please.
I need to get up.
”
“I’ll take you there,” Matthew offered, raising an eyebrow as he let her go.
Freshened up, they both stepped out.
Matthew drove, his mind on the previous day’s events.
With a concerned furrow of his brow, he advised, “If Luka bothers you again, just let me know.
”
“There’s no need,” Stella interjected quickly, confidence in her voice.
###chapter1057
“I can handle it.
”
Matthew, respecting her determination, chose not to press further.
Upon reaching the set, he pulled over and opened the passenger door for her.
“You can head back,” Stella said as she stepped out of the car, intending to walk away.
Yet, in a swift motion, Matthew drew her back, encircling her waist with his arm and pulling her close.
He smoothed her hair back and ki*sed her forehead tenderly.
“See you tonight.
”
Stella, flushed with embarrassment and wary of prying eyes, pushed him away.
“Okay.
”
From the comfort of his opulent vehicle, Luka witnessed the exchange, a sneer curling his lip.
He had misjudged Stella the day before, not expecting the unassuming art director to be Matthew’s spouse.
The irony wasn’t lost on him-a lady of wealth working amidst the chaos of a film set.
Matthew drove off, and Stella turned away, ready to head to the set.
When she faced the other way, Luka stood by the fancy car, sporting a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
Still processing the recent scene, Stella couldn’t shake off the awkwardness.
She managed a forced smile.
“Good morning.
”
“I can handle it.
”
Matthew, respecting her determination, chose not to press further.
Upon reaching the set, he pulled over and opened the passenger door for her.
“You can head back,” Stella said as she stepped out of the car, intending to walk away.
BunnyBookery
Yet, in a swift motion, Matthew drew her back, encircling her waist with his arm and pulling her close.
He smoothed her hair back and ki*sed her forehead tenderly.
“See you tonight.
”
Stella, flushed with embarrassment and wary of prying eyes, pushed him away.
“Okay.
”
From the comfort of his opulent vehicle, Luka witnessed the exchange, a sneer curling his lip.
He had misjudged Stella the day before, not expecting the unassuming art director to be Matthew’s spouse.
The irony wasn’t lost on him-a lady of wealth working amidst the chaos of a film set.
Matthew drove off, and Stella turned away, ready to head to the set.
When she faced the other way, Luka stood by the fancy car, sporting a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
Still processing the recent scene, Stella couldn’t shake off the awkwardness.
She managed a forced smile.
“Good morning.
”
To her surprise, Luka responded with a smile, though it held a touch of mockery and disdain.
Stella’s smile faltered as she met his scrutinizing gaze.
Luka, barely hiding his contempt, commented, “Mrs.
Clark, you must have been pretty exhausted from serving me all day yesterday.
”
She instantly understood his implication.
He was accusing her of using Matthew’s connection to get this job.
Stella tried to say something, but Luka shot her a meaningful look and strolled into the set.
Watching him walk away, Stella’s expression tensed.
It seemed like she was in for some trouble within the crew, but she figured she’d handle it one step at a time.
Luckily, the rest of the day went by without any hassle from Luka, and Stella’s work flowed smoothly.
To her surprise, Luka responded with a smile, though it held a touch of mockery and disdain.
Stella’s smile faltered as she met his scrutinizing gaze.
Luka, barely hiding his contempt, commented, “Mrs.
Clark, you must have been pretty exhausted from serving me all day yesterday.
”
She instantly understood his implication.
He was accusing her of using Matthew’s connection to get this job.
Stella tried to say something, but Luka shot her a meaningful look and strolled into the set.
Watching him walk away, Stella’s expression tensed.
It seemed like she was in for some trouble within the crew, but she figured she’d handle it one step at a time.
Luckily, the rest of the day went by without any hassle from Luka, and Stella’s work flowed smoothly.
###chapter1058
As she geared up to leave, Matthew called.
“I’ll be working late tonight.
I’ll send Fernando to pick you up from the set.
”
Stella refused.
‘m done for the day.
Don’t bother Fernando.
I’1L just grab a taxi home.
”
Matthew furrowed his brow.
“You get car sick.
It’s better if Fernando picks you up.
”
“I’ll be fine.
I’ve been doing much better lately.
” As someone called for Matthew, Stella swiftly wrapped up the conversation.
“Don’t worry about me.
Just make sure you eat on time since your stomach has finally settled.
”
Unable to convince her otherwise, Matthew yielded.
“Send me a message when you get home.
I’ll be waiting for you.
”
“Sure.
”
After ending the call, Stella left the film set and hailed a cab.
She decided to take advantage of this rare moment of free time and wandered through the shopping mall, contemplating picking up a few clothes for Lucia.
With Christmas approaching, the mall sparkled with festive decorations, exuding a lively holiday atmosphere.
Stella strolled through the mall, her spirits lifted by the cheery surroundings.
A dress in a shop window caught her eye, and she paused to admire it.
As she was about to step into the store, the reflection of a figure in the glass drew her attention.
She froze mid-step, fixating on the reflection with a growing sense of familiarity.
The man who had ushered her into the car before flashed through her mind, causing her heart to skip a beat.
On high alert, she saw the man starting to walk away and decided to follow him without a second thought.
Stella tailed him quietly and watched as he entered an elevator.
She stopped, waiting until the doors closed before approaching another one.
As the elevator indicator came to a stop on the 28th floor, Stella turned and stepped into her own elevator, pressing the button.
Upon reaching the floor, she hurried out, only to find the man’s silhouette disappearing into the entrance of the club.
Determined, Stella quickened her pace, but the man seemed to have vanished.
She paused at the entrance and lingered for a bit, but he didn’t reappear.
After a brief hesitation, she approached a staff member.
“Excuse me, I’m looking for a man in a duckbill cap, dressed in black.
Can you tell me which private room he’s in?”
###chapter1059
“I’m sorry, but that’s our guests’ privacy.
I can’t disclose that information,” the employee refused politely.
Stella’s gaze dropped, contemplating her next move.
After a moment, she discreetly pulled out some bills from her bag, slipping them into the worker’s hand.
“Please, it’s urgent.
Just tell me his room number.
”
The employee glanced at the money and lowered his voice.
“He’s in Room 628,”
Thanking him, Stella hurried inside.
She located Room 628 and tiptoed towards it.
She barely lifted her heels to peer through the small window on the door when a firm grip seized her hand.
Startled, Stella turned around, meeting a pair of eyes as sharp as a hawk’s.
Stella stood frozen as her mind went blank.
She opened her mouth to speak, but no sound came out under the man’s piercing gaze.
“Don’t make a sound.
Follow me,” Benny said sternly, his voice devoid of warmth.
Without waiting for Stella’s response, he gripped her arm and briskly escorted her to the elevator.
The descent to the underground parking lot felt endless, with Benny maintaining a firm hold on Stella, who winced at the strength of his grip.
Stella’s mind slowly cleared from the initial shock as they exited the elevator.
She looked at the man’s broad back and asked, “Who are you? Why are you doing this to me?”
She attempted to wriggle free from his unyielding grip, but to no avail.
Benny roughly pulled her towards a sleek black car.
He swung open the rear door and threw her inside.
Caught off guard, Stella stumbled and hit her head against the door frame.
“Ah!” she exclaimed, gripping her aching head.
Stella tried to clamber back out of the car.
However, Benny was quicker.
He shoved her back in and climbed into the back seat, making the already tight space feel even more constricted.
Stella bit her lip as she tried to gauge his next move.
She scooted backwards to move as far away as possible from him, but her body soon hit against the car door.
Trapped and with no avenue for escape, she trembled slightly with fear.
“What do you want from me? Do you know what consequences you’ll face for kidnapping me?”
Without warning, Benny leaned forward and grasped her cheeks with his hand.
Stella’s eyes widened in shock.
###chapter1060
“Mm… You…” she stuttered, unable to form words.
“You were the one following me,” Benny said, his voice emotionless but his eyes gleaming darkly.
“You came to me at the graveyard that day.
”
Stella’s heart raced, panic surging within her.
She feebly attempted to free herself from Benny’s grasp, her hands clawing at his hair and clothes, but to no avail.
His hold remained unyielding.
“You… Let go… I…” Stella struggled to articulate a sentence despite exerting all her energy.
Benny, however, only smirked coldly in response.
He had no intention of releasing her.
He studied Stella’s face with a brazen, unsettling intensity, making her uncomfortable.
“No wonder Matthew is attracted to you.
You really are beautiful,”
Benny remarked with a roguish smile.
He leaned in even closer, his eyes examining Stella with keen interest.
“Imagine what would happen if I were to f@ck you right here.
How do you think Matthew would react?”
Stella felt fear wash over her.
Her ears started ringing, and her eyes widened in sheer terror.
At Prosperity Group, Matthew was examining a document.
His eyes moved meticulously over each word, ensuring no detail was missed.
With Benny’s recent emergence, Matthew had taken a hands-on approach to every project bid by Prosperity Group.
His vigilance had heightened, determined not to leave any avenue open for exploitation.
Although everything was fine, he felt it was the calm before the storm.
Just then, his phone buzzed, displaying Stella’s name on the screen.
Noting the time, Matthew guessed Stella would be almost home by then.
He set aside the document and answered the call.
“Stella…”
Matthew had barely started speaking when a male voice abruptly cut him off.
“Hello, Mr.
Clark!” The man’s voice was hoarse with a trace of provocation and complacency.
Matthew’s expression instantly shifted as he recognized the caller.
“Benny Clifford.
”
Benny laughed coldly and then said, “I didn’t think you would catch on to me so fast.
”
###chapter1061
Matthew’s forehead was creased in worry, his voice deepening.
“What do you want? Where is Stella?”
“Calm down,” Benny replied indifferently, his voice laced with a hint of satisfaction.
“Your woman was following me and got herself caught.
Now, she’s with me.
”
He turned his head, his sharp eyes resting on Stella with a mocking grin.
Stella was indeed Matthew’s weak spot.
He had simply used her phone to make a call, and that alone made Matthew lose his cool.
Matthew tried to sound calm.
“What do you plan to do?”
As he spoke, he hurried to the parking lot.
He had shared a location with Stella’s phone and needed to buy time to rescue her as quickly as he could.
Unaware of Matthew’s thoughts, Benny assumed he was panicking.
He chuckled softly.
“You misunderstand me.
I don’t want to cause trouble.
I just want to remind you to be careful.
I’m watching every move you make.
”
Matthew stopped as he opened his car door, glancing instinctively at the surveillance cameras.
He took a deep breath, trying to stay composed as he talked to Benny.
“If you want to rejoin the Clark family, I can arrange it.
”
He had figured out Benny’s sudden appearance was likely about the Clark family’s wealth, status, and power.
He was willing to meet Benny’s demands for these material things, as long as his family stayed safe.
Benny sneered bitterly, his voice growing harsh.
“It’s too late for that.
I want more than just those things.
”
“What do you…” Matthew began, but he was cut off by the sound of the call ending.
His face grew even colder.
He quickly checked the location app to find Stella’s phone.
###chapter1062
Without wasting a moment, he got in his car and drove towards the club.
Meanwhile, Benny was smiling sinisterly after hanging up.
Stella was filled with terror but determined to appear strong.
She fixed her gaze on him, readying herself for whatever he might do next.
Benny noticed how Stella tried to hide her fear, which somewhat lightened the darkness in his heart.
He moved closer slowly, his hand stroking her cheek, a mocking smile on his lips.
“You seem so frightened.
I find it quite amusing.
”
Stella felt his warm, rough hand on her skin, causing her to tremble, yet she refused to let her fear show.
‘s BunnyBookery
Her hands were tightly clenched, and she swallowed her fear, mustering a bold front.
“If you dare touch me now, your plans will crumble,” she threatened.
She had eavesdropped on his call with Matthew and knew he had ulterior motives, though the specifics eluded her.
All she could do was trust her instincts.
Benny paused, taken aback by Stella’s attempt to negotiate.
He withdrew his hand and leaned back, giving her a straightforward look while chuckling.
“You’re quite brave.
But I have no intention of harming you right now.
”
He reached out again, prompting Stella to move away instinctively.
Benny merely smirked, opened the car door behind her, and raised an eyebrow, signaling her release.
Realizing she was free to go, Stella quickly grabbed her bag and stepped out of the car.
She was still regaining her composure when the door shut behind her and the car drove off.
She stood there, still shaken, clutching her chest and catching her breath.
Suddenly, a car sped into the parking lot.
Stella, fearing Benny’s return, thought of running away, but then she saw a different car screech to a halt before her, and Matthew emerged.
He quickly wrapped her in his arms, examining her for any harm before ushering her into the car.
Once in the driver’s seat, he fixed Stella’s tousled clothes and hair, his voice filled with concern.
“Dear, are you alright? Do you feel hurt anywhere?”
Stella shook her head.
Then, opening her hand, she revealed several strands of hair she had managed to collect.
###chapter1063
Matthew looked at the hair in Stella’s hand, his brow furrowing in thought, but he remained quiet.
“I managed to get this hair from Benny.
I noticed he has features similar to yours, so I seized the opportunity to grab some strands,”
Stella explained.
She then rummaged through the car for a plastic bag and carefully stored the hair.
“We should get a DNA test done when we have a chance.
There’s no doubt Benny is targeting us for a reason.
”
Matthew, his lips tight, was filled with mixed emotions as he held Stella close.
“You’ve endured so much lately.
”
Stella’s eyes flickered, a slight smile on her lips.
“I’m okay.
Let’s head home.
”
Matthew let her go, his eyes lingering on her for a moment, but he said nothing more.
The drive was quiet.
Stella noticed Matthew’s deep in thought and after a brief hesitation, asked, “Is there something on your mind?”
Matthew glanced at her as the car stopped at a traffic light.
He finally said, “You’re right to be suspicious.
Benny might be a child my father had with another woman.
”
Stella’s eyes widened, understanding Benny’s possible motives against Prosperity Group.
Concerned, she asked, “What’s your plan now?”
Matthew took her hand, smiling reassuringly.
“I’ve already started looking into him.
But you should be extra careful.
I’ll arrange a bodyguard for you.
”
Stella nodded, gripping his hand firmly.
“I’ll take care of myself.
You focus on what you need to do.
”
At that moment, Matthew’s phone rang.
It was Waldo.
“Come back immediately,” he urged, sounding anxious.
A sense of urgency took hold of Matthew, worrying that Benny might now be targeting his grandparents.
He quickly responded and set the car in motion.
“Who was that on the phone? What’s happening?” Stella’s concern grew as she saw the seriousness on Matthew’s face.
He turned the car, heading in a new direction.
###chapter1064
“We need to go to my grandparents’.
He stepped on the accelerator, speeding towards their destination with a sense of desperation.
Stella observed Matthew driving recklessly, narrowly avoiding several red lights.
She realized the urgency of the situation but was still concerned for his safety.
“Please slow down,” she urged softly.
“It’s important to drive safely.
”
Her gentle reminder brought Matthew back from his anxious thoughts.
“I’m sorry,” Matthew murmured, recalling the car accident Stella had experienced.
He then reduced his speed, mindful of her comfort.
Stella’s forehead was creased with worry.
The sudden appearance of Benny threatened to disrupt the Clark family’s tranquility.
Eventually, they reached their destination.
Matthew parked and led Stella by the hand into the living room, where they found Waldo sitting on the couch, smoking heavily.
It had been a long time since Waldo smoked, especially since he retired from his leadership role.
Now, he looked deeply troubled, chain-smoking one cigarette after another.
Lucia, too, seemed distressed, sighing.
“Grandpa, Grandma,” Stella greeted them gently.
Lucia tried to smile at Stella, but her expression was more of pain than happiness.
“Stella, it’s good you’re here too.
”
Waldo briefly glanced at them before returning to his smoking.
“Grandpa, you shouldn’t smoke.
It’s bad for your health,” Matthew commented with concern, attempting to intervene.
“What was so urgent that you had to call me back?”
As he spoke, his eyes landed on a photo on the table, and he narrowed his gaze.
The photo prominently featured Matthew’s mother, Amara.
Matthew’s expression was as cold as frost.
He lifted one of the photographs and examined it.
In the image, Amara was captured in an intimate moment at a supermarket, arm in arm with an unfamiliar man.
The joy on her face was undeniable; they resembled a couple deeply in love.
The man, appearing to be in his forties, was a stranger to Matthew.
With a furrowed brow, Matthew methodically reviewed all photographs.
###chapter1065
Matthew had never witnessed such unbridled happiness on his mother’s face before.
Beside him, Stella stood in silence, her eyes laden with worry as she observed Matthew.
She was uncertain how he would react to this sudden revelation of Amara’s apparent newfound love.
Upon reviewing the final photograph, Matthew was about to comment when Waldo presented him with his phone.
‘s BunnyBookery
“These photos are just the tip of the iceberg.
There’s also this video,” Waldo murmured, his expression dark and serious.
Matthew, frowning, accepted the phone and played the video.
It showed Amara and the man sharing a passionate ki*s.
After briefly viewing it, Matthew abruptly stopped the video and tossed the phone on the table.
Adjusting his tie in frustration, Matthew paused to collect his thoughts before addressing Waldo.
“Grandpa, who sent you these?”
He knew how challenging it had been for Amara to care for him over the years.
If she had truly found happiness again, he was prepared to support her wholeheartedly.
However, the possibility of malicious intent from this man loomed in his mind.
Matthew’s eyes narrowed, betraying a storm of thoughts beneath his stern exterior.
“I don’t know,” Waldo responded, shaking his head.
“The photos arrived by mail without a return address.
I’ve asked someone to look into the user ID of the server that sent the video.
”
Matthew’s expression grew more severe.
“I’ll look into this myself.
”
Waldo remained silent, his thoughts seemingly distant, before he finally let out a heavy sigh.
“Matthew, when you rejoined the Clark family, your mother chose to stay out.
We initially thought it was due to issues with your father, so we didn’t insist.
”
He took a moment before continuing, “Given that she raised you, she’s entitled to find love again and we wouldn’t .
However, my investigations suggest that the man she’s with is not a good person.
He’s a gambling addict.
”
Matthew’s expression hardened, and he gritted his teeth.
Observing his reaction, Waldo added, “I suspect this man’s sudden appearance is part of a bigger plan.
We’ve seen a series of worrying events recently.
We need to be careful.
”
Everything seemed to be off lately, from what happened at Lucia’s birthday party to the photographs of Amara being dropped off anonymously.
“You need to talk to your mother as soon as possible,” Waldo said gravely.
###chapter1066
“If this situation with her escalates, it could embarrass the Clark family.
”
Lucia stepped forward and placed a comforting hand on Matthew’s.
“Your grandfather is right to be concerned.
It’s important to talk to your mother.
Remember, Amara is not just your mother; she’s also connected to the Clark family.
”
She sighed after expressing her thoughts.
“Alright.
I’ll take care of it,” Matthew replied, his brow furrowed with concern.
If Amara meeting the unknown man was no coincidence, Benny might have something to do with it.
Matthew realized the urgency of confronting Benny to prevent any further complications.
He had to find him and talk to him face to face.
With determination evident on his face, Matthew clenched his fists.
Then he looked at Waldo with a grave expression.
“Grandpa, I believe I’ve narrowed down the suspect.
The culprit could be a descendant of the Clark family.
”
“yhat?” Lucia gasped in disbelief, her voice echoing her surprise.
Waldo, although visibly taken aback, managed to maintain his composure.
Matthew gave a slight nod, reinforcing his point.
“I’m on it, and I’ll track him down soon.
Please be mentally prepared.
”
The repetitive banging on Amara’s door at her residence in Fairwa jolted her from her quiet evening.
“Amara, open the door…” came the slurred, insistent voice of Wilbert Clifford, evidently drunk as he leaned heavily against her door.
“Open the door!”
Upon opening the door, Amara was immediately hit by the pungent smell of alcohol.
Concern etched her face as she saw Wilbert’s state.
“Why did you drink so much?” She guided him inside, settled him on the sofa and fetched a glass of water, hoping it might help.
Wilbert, however, pushed the water away dismissively.
“The project negotiation failed again tonight.
I’ve been drinking with those people all night, and still, nothing’s settled.
”
Amara didn’t know much about Wilbert’s business affairs.
“You know, drinking too much isn’t good for your health.
You should try to cut back.
”
Wilbert didn’t respond to her advice.
Instead, he closed the distance between them on the sofa.
###chapter1067
“Amara, I need more money for investment.
Trust me, once this project takes off, you’ll get a big return.
”
Amara hesitated at Wilbert’s request, her expression shifting to one of embarrassment.
The truth was she had already exhausted the monthly allowance provided by Matthew on Wilbert’s previous requests.
Now, even her own expenses for the month were piled up.
Despite this, she was willing to support Wilbert.
Since she had crossed paths with Wilbert, she found a new source of comfort and support amid her loneliness.
Wilbert was exceptionally kind and attentive.
Beyond the considerate gestures in their daily interactions, he often cooked for her and gave her soothing massages.
These moments with him marked some of the happiest times in her life.
However, a shift occurred recently.
Wilbert started requesting money from Amara, citing work-related needs.
Trusting him implicitly, Amara gradually handed over the savings she had accumulated over the years to him without hesitation.
Despite her generosity, it seemed Wilbert’s demands only grew with time.
The frequency of his requests increased, as did the amounts he asked for.
Each time Wilbert approached her for more money, a part of Amara wanted to say no.
Yet, the thought of the warmth and affection he had brought into her life made it impossible for her to refuse him.
For the first time since Matthew’s birth, Amara felt she had fallen in love once again.
As Amara contemplated the situation, she rose to get a damp towel from the bathroom.
She helped Wilbert recline on the sofa and started wiping his face tenderly.
A wave of sadness washed over her as she thought about the sudden change in Wilbert’s attitude.
She didn’t understand why he was so stressed.
Even if he didn’t work at all, Matthew’s generous allowances were more than sufficient for both of them to lead a comfortable life.
After cleaning his face, Amara stood to leave.
But she suddenly felt a firm grip on her wrist.
“When will you give me the money?” Wilbert asked angrily.
“You’re hurting me,” Amara said, attempting to free her hand, but Wilbert’s drunken strength was overpowering.
“Wilbert, please, let go of my hand.
”
“Where is the money? When will you give it to me?”
“I’ll find a way, but you’re asking for quite a Large sum.
I need some time to arrange it,” Amara replied helplessly.
Wilbert sat up abruptly.
“Don’t you have a son? You are his mother.
Surely, it’s easy for you to get money from him.
”
###chapter1068
Amara’s eyes betrayed a flicker of embarrassment at the mention of her son.
She hadn’t yet disclosed her new relationship to Matthew.
“I figure out a way,” she said firmly.
The moment she finished her sentence, she was struck by a harsh slap from Wilbert.
The sharp sting on her cheek came as a shock, leaving her utterly stunned.
Never in her wildest thoughts had she imagined Wilbert would resort to slap her.
Her eyes welled up with tears as she held her reddened cheek.
‘s BunnyBookery
Wilbert was jolted to sobriety by the sound of her crying.
When he realized what he had done, he panicked.
“I’m sorry, Amara.
I’m a fool.
I’m not in my senses.
It won’t happen again, I promise.
” Wilbert reached out, touching Amara’s shoulders to comfort her.
But Amara was inconsolable, offering no response to his apologies.
“I’m so sorry.
Please, don’t cry.
” Wilbert was annoyed by her crying, but he had to be patient.
Seeing that Amara remained unresponsive, Wilbert grasped her hand and started hitting his face with it.
“Hit me if it’ll make you feel better.
I was wrong, Amara.
I’m sorry.
I didn’t realize what I was doing.
Please, let your anger out on me.
”
However, Amara recoiled, pulling her hand away.
She had no desire to retaliate.
“I’m truly sorry,” Wilbert said earnestly.
“Let me see if your face is hurt.
”
Amara shook her head as she locked eyes with him.
“Don’t drink too much, and never hit me again.
”
“I promise!” Wilbert immediately agreed.
In that tense moment, Amara’s phone rang.
She glanced at the caller ID to see Matthew’s name displayed, causing her expression to change.
“Who’s calling? Why aren’t you answering it?” Wilbert asked as he leaned in, trying to peek at Amara’s phone.
Sensing his intrusion, Amara quickly stood up, distancing herself from the sofa.
She took a deep breath to steady her nerves and gestured to Wilbert for silence.
“Please, stay quiet.
I need to take this call.
”
###chapter1069
With that, she swiftly made her way to the kitchen.
Once there, she composed herself, cleared her throat, and pressed the answer button.
“Matthew, it’s quite late.
Is everything okay? Why are you calling now?” she asked in a low voice.
“Are you alone at home right now?” Matthew asked straightforwardly.
Amara’s heart skipped a beat.
“Yes… Yes, of course.
By the way, Matthew, can you give me some money tomorrow?”
“Didn’t I transfer you a hundred thousand dollars just recently? Have you already spent it all?” Matthew’s tone remained calm as he spoke.
Amara faltered, caught off guard by Matthew’s query.
Her mind raced, but words failed her.
Matthew decided to address the situation directly.
“Mom, I know about the man you’ve been seeing recently…”
“Matthew, let me explain…” Amara hadn’t anticipated her secret to be revealed so soon.
She was flustered.
“I’m not accusing you,” Matthew responded, his voice devoid of emotion.
‘s BunnyBookery
“I have no issue with your relationship.
But you need to know that Wilbert is not a good man.
You should end things with him as soon as possible.
”
“End things?” Amara’s voice spiked with disbelief.
“That’s out of the question! I won’t leave Wilbert.
”
She had found what she believed was true love; she couldn’t just let it go.
“Mom, I’m saying this for your sake.
Wilbert doesn’t deserve to be with you,” Matthew insisted, hoping to reason with his mother.
“Enough!” Amara interjected, her voice laced with frustration.
“If you won’t give me the money, that’s fine.
But I’m your mother, and you have no right to dictate my personal life.
”
With that, she hung up the phone.
Amara felt a lump in her stomach, her hand trembling as she gripped her phone.
She inhaled deeply, trying to steady her rapid breathing.
“What happened? Who was on the phone? Why are you so upset?” Wilbert asked as he entered the kitchen, having overheard part of the conversation from the living room.
It seemed someone was attempting to convince Amara to break up with him.
Amara quickly composed herself when she saw Wilbert approaching her.
###chapter1070
However, her argument with Matthew left a residue of anger.
“It’s nothing.
My son won’t give me money,” she said, her voice retaining a hint of stiffness.
Wilbert’s face changed a bit.
Despite his displeasure, he continued to project a facade of gentleness and consideration to hide his true intentions from Amara.
“Don’t be angry.
Remember, he’s your son whom you carried for nine months.
You should talk to him again.
I’m sure he’ll change his mind.
”
He guided Amara to sit down and coaxed her in a soothing tone.
Amara remained silent, sitting with a sullen expression.
“It’s all my fault.
If only I could work harder and provide you with a comfortable life, you wouldn’t need to ask your son for money.
I blame myself for this.
” Wilbert carried on with his pretense of consolation, gradually shifting the blame onto himself.
Amara glanced up at him and let out a heavy sigh.
“No, don’t blame yourself.
If my son won’t provide the money, I’ll find another way.
”
Hearing Amara’s decision, Wilbert refrained from pressing further.
“Alright, Amara.
I know you always do your best for me.
I promise, in time, I’ll ensure we have a better life together,” he said with a smile.
Wilbert was startled awake late at night by a message on his phone.
The message revealed a shocking fact: Amara was the mother of Matthew Clark, Seamarsh’s wealthiest man.
Wilbert’s heart raced with excitement as he reread the message multiple times, hardly believing his luck.
A wide grin spread across his face.
This was an opportunity beyond his wildest dreams.
Before his involvement with Amara, Wilbert had nearly squandered all his money on gambling.
Jobless and burdened with debt, he had been sneaking from place to place, avoiding his creditors.
Then, out of the blue, he received an offer: seduce Amara for a payment of one hundred thousand dollars.
Wilbert didn’t think twice before accepting it.
Then, when he first met Amara and realized how beautiful she was, he decided to intensify his efforts to win her over.
He was pleasantly surprised when Amara fell deeply for him, readily providing him with money whenever he asked.
Initially, Wilbert’s plan was to extract as much money as possible from Amara and then make his exit.
However, the revelation of her being Matthew’s mother was a game-changer.
“Matthew Clark!” Wilbert burst into Laughter.
The thought of having access to the wealth of both mother and son was exhilarating.
###chapter1071
Wilbert’s mind started churning with schemes.
He knew he couldn’t exploit this golden chance alone; he needed an accomplice to execute his plan flawlessly.
A sly, calculating glint appeared in his eyes as Wilbert began to strategize his next move.
In Prosper Bay, Matthew stood motionless, his face expressionless as he gazed at the phone Amara had just hung up.
Stella, picking up on his tone, sensed things weren’t going well.
After a brief silence, she asked, “What did your mom say?”
Snapping out of his thoughts, Matthew set his phone down and sat on the bed’s edge.
“She won’t leave him,” he said, his brow furrowing and eyes darkening.
“I’m heading to Fairwa tomorrow.
I can’t let her keep falling for his lies.
”
“Okay.
” Stella nodded, offering a gentle reassurance.
“Don’t worry too much.
He’s no good.
Your mom will eventually see him for who he is, and this will all work out.
”
Matthew looked troubled.
“I hope you’re right.
”
Stella understood his conflict.
Amara was his mother, and it was tough for him to interfere in her personal life.
But the stakes were high.
Amara wasn’t just his mother; she was tied to the Clark family’s fortunes.
If Amara’s new love was trustworthy, there’d be no issue.
But this man could pose a threat to Matthew himself.
Stella sighed at the complexity of it all.
Hearing this, Matthew gently touched her hair, saying, “I hate that I’ve made you worry alongside me.
”
Stella simply shook her head.
“It’s fine, we’re together in this.
”
Matthew managed a weak smile to reassure her.
He gazed at Stella, his eyes reflecting deep thoughts.
“Ever since she had me, my mom’s been on her own.
It’s not like she’s against the idea of falling in love, but she’s never shown interest in dating.
Her world revolves around the little things in my life.
She just asked me to find her a quiet place to live, wanting to spend her days in solitude once I rejoined the Clark family.
”
###chapter1072
He stopped, his face tensing, voice growing heavier.
“This guy must’ve done a lot to gain my mom’s trust Like this.
”
Stella knew this was a sensitive topic about Amara’s personal life, so she stayed silent.
She embraced Matthew, whispering, “I’ll take a day off from filming tomorrow.
I’ll come to Fairwa with you.
Women sometimes find it easier to talk about these things.
I’ll talk to your mom.
She adores you; she’ll surely understand why you want her to leave that man.
”
Matthew hugged her back tightly, his face nestled in her neck, comforted by her scent.
“Honey, I feel like having a drink, just a bit.
”
Stella didn’t protest.
The night had been overwhelming.
Maybe a little alcohol would help soothe his nerves.
Matthew filled two glasses with wine.
He claimed he wasn’t much of a drinker, but before Stella even finished half her glass, he’d downed three.
The bottle was soon only a third full.
Stella, noticing his pace, felt the need to intervene.
“Honey, maybe you should stop drinking.
It’s late, and remember, we’ve got to head to Fairwa tomorrow.
Let’s get some sleep.
”
Matthew heeded her advice and headed to bed.
They cuddled up together, but Matthew’s sleep was troubled.
He dreamt of Amara being taken away.
He shouted her name, trying desperately to save her, but she kept slipping further away.
Suddenly, Matthew jolted awake.
His phone was buzzing insistently on the bedside table.
He glanced at Stella, still sleeping soundly, before picking up the phone and tiptoeing out of the room.
It was Fernando on the line.
“What’s going on? Why so early?” Matthew asked.
“There’s trouble, Mr.
Clark,” Fernando replied, his voice tense.
“A woman and a bunch of people are causing a scene at Prosperity Group!”
The first floor of the Prosperity Group building was buzzing with noise.
Leading the commotion, a middle-aged woman broke through the crowd, shouting, “Can you believe it? The CEO of Prosperity Group is a home-wrecker’s son.
So shameful! She’s always been the type to lure men, and now she’s at it again.
Everyone needs to see her true colors!”
This woman, Nell Singh, was employed by Wilbert.
She was shouting like she’d been deeply wronged, completely caught up in her hysteria.
###chapter1073
She’d come prepared to cause a stir, bringing along reporters who were eagerly snapping photos and recording every word she said, focusing both on Nell and Prosperity Group’s signage.
“I need an explanation from the CEO of Prosperity Group! I’m not going anywhere until I get it,” Nell yelled again.
“Please, no disturbances here!” A team of security guards arrived, attempting to escort Nell and the reporters out.
But Nell was relentless.
She sat down right at the entrance, crying out, “Look at my bad luck!
My husband fell for a home-wrecker! Just because you’re rich and powerful, you think you can ruin marriages? Isn’t there any fairness left in this world?”
A reporter approached and inquired, “Miss, is what you’re saying true?”
Nell lifted her head, her eyes wet with tears.
“Absolutely.
That Lady is Amara, Matthew’s mother.
Matthew, you know, is the CEO of Prosperity Group.
This shameless woman brazenly charmed my husband.
They even lived together.
I’ve heard rumors that Amara was once involved with Matthew’s father, and that’s how Matthew was born, out of wedlock.
Despite the years, she hasn’t changed a bit, still seducing men who are already taken!”
Nell openly denounced Amara in front of the camera.
The reporters exchanged glances.
Rumors about Matthew being born out of wedlock were familiar, but the full story wasn’t.
After Matthew took over as president of Prosperity Group, challenging the company became unthinkable.
Their curiosity piqued, yet none dared to probe further.
But Nell seemed to know much more, making her revelations too sensational for the reporters to ignore.
They bombarded her with questions.
“How are you so sure she’s Mr.
Clark’s mother? We’ve never seen his mother.
She’s always been reclusive.
”
“And this talk about Mr.
Clark being illegitimate, where did you hear that?”
Nell was making quite a scene, wanting everyone to hear her story.
She began venting, “That woman, she looks a lot like Matthew.
She was a total slut.
My husband fell for her flirting.
Plus, she even charmed Matthew’s father before.
Average guys don’t stand a chance against her.
You don’t believe me? Go check it out.
Matthew’s mom, Amara! But, she’s a widow.
I get it, she’s been alone and wants someone.
But why go after married men?”
As Nell spoke with great energy, she suddenly noticed a change in the reporters’ faces.
Then, she felt a heavy presence behind her, followed by a chilling voice.
“Spreading lies and causing trouble is a serious crime.
”
Nell’s heart raced.
She froze, then slowly turned around.
There stood Matthew, his face stern, his eyes piercing.
His approach was icy, sending shivers down Nell’s spine.
She felt a wave of fear and suffocation.
###chapter1074
Caught in a tight spot, Nell glanced at the reporters, stood tall, and called out, “Mr.
Clark, good timing.
I need you to explain your mother’s actions with my husband.
”
The reporters, snapping back to reality, bombarded Matthew with microphones and pointed questions.
“Mr.
Clark, is there truth to her claims? Did your mother really meddle in someone’s marriage?”
“Is your mother actually disrupting families? Is her so-called seclusion just a cover?”
Matthew’s expression was stern, his lips pressed into a thin Line.
He clearly understood that these folks were stirring the pot, causing trouble for Prosperity Group.
It seemed obvious that someone was trying to spark conflict within the Clark family using this situation.
Everything that had gone down since yesterday had been too smooth, too orchestrated.
It couldn’t be a coincidence.
While Matthew stayed silent, Fernando stepped up a bit and addressed the media for him.
“There’s been some false talk about Mr.
Clark’s mom.
He’s heading to Fairwa to clear her name.
Please, no more fabrications,” Fernando said in a serious tone.
“That’s all we’ve got to say today.
Keep causing trouble, and Prosperity Group will handle these false reports our own way.
”
The reporters, eager for juicy details, picked up on Fernando’s warning tone.
They knew better than to mess with Prosperity Group’s power.
So, they packed up their gear, looking pretty downhearted as they left.
But then, Matthew called out, stopping them in their tracks.
They perked up, cameras at the ready, thinking he was going to say something juicy.
Matthew’s gaze was icy as he stared into the cameras.
“I know you’re out there watching.
If you’ve got the guts, show yourself.
Don’t pull these cowardly moves again!”
Once the media had left, Nell felt it was unsafe to linger.
Just as she tried to slip away, Fernando halted her.
“Miss, after causing a commotion and unfairly accusing Mr.
Clark’s family and Prosperity Group, we will be sending you a legal notice.
”
Nell, gripping her bag, shot back, “I’m telling the truth.
I’m not spreading lies! You can’t sue me!”
Fernando’s voice was icy.
“Let the court decide what’s true.
”
Nell paled but stood her ground.
###chapter1075
“Sure, you have power, but I spoke the truth.
Go ahead, make it a big deal.
At court, it’s Prosperity Group’s president who’ll be embarrassed, not a nobody Like me!”
She gambled on their concern for reputation.
“Are you really Wilbert’s wife?” Matthew inquired sharply.
Nell froze, then affirmed, “Yes! Why wouldn’t I be?”
But her words betrayed her nervousness.
Matthew’s cold smirk revealed doubt.
“My research shows Wilbert was never married.
Why claim to be his wife? Or did you wreck someone else’s marriage?”
“No, I… I’m not…” Nell’s expression changed, her words faltering.
She tried to flee but Fernando blocked her.
‘s BunnyBookery
Now visibly rattled, Nell’s eyes darted around.
“I don’t know anything.
I…”
Matthew stood motionless, his gaze fixed on her.
“Did someone pay you to bad-mouth Prosperity Group?”
Confronted with his piercing stare, Nell was at a loss for words.
She wanted to flee, but found herself surrounded by bodyguards, leaving no escape.
“If you’re not willing to talk, then it’s not our fault,” Matthew remarked casually.
Before Nell could respond, she felt a sharp sting on her face.
Stunned, she touched her cheek, feeling the heat and tasting blood at the corner of her mouth.
“How could you hit a woman?” she exclaimed indignantly, calling out to the onlookers.
“Look everyone, the CEO of Prosperity Group is assaulting a woman.
”
“Clap!”
But before she could finish, another slap landed on her other cheek.
Expressionless, Fernando declared, “Mr.
Clark only resorts to violence against those who behave like animals.
”
He then gave a sly smile and signaled to the bodyguard.
###chapter1076
Nell, overpowered, could only stand there as the bodyguard continued to strike her.
Her cries and curses gradually turned into mere sobs.
Her cheeks throbbed with pain and then went numb, her vision blurring.
Eventually, Fernando signaled the bodyguard to stop as Nell could barely endure any more.
Her face was severely swollen, fear flickering in her eyes as she looked at Fernando, her lips quivering.
“Now, will you tell the truth?” Fernando asked in a low, steady voice.
“I…T will,” Nell managed to utter through her pain, taking a deep, shaky breath.
“I’ll tell you everything.
”
After his encounter with Nell, Matthew returned to his car.
Spotting him, Stella inquired eagerly, “How did it go? Is everything sorted out?”
Her voice instantly softened Matthew’s expression.
He smiled, affectionately ruffled her hair, and said, “All’s well.
‘s BunnyBookery
We’re off to Fairwa now.
Could you call my mom for me?”
Stella nodded, pulled out her phone, and dialed Amara’s number.
Matthew wasted no time and started driving.
Despite numerous attempts, Stella couldn’t connect the call.
No one answ
ered.
She grew slightly anxious but reassured Matthew, “She’s probably at the wet market.
She might not have heard the phone.
”
Matthew nodded, yet a sense of unease gnawed at him.
Over at Wilbert’s place in Fairwa, Amara busied herself in the kitchen while Wilbert, seated in the Living room, frequently glanced at his phone, awaiting a message.
Suddenly, his phone buzzed.
He grabbed it immediately, but his face fell upon reading the message.
How did this get out? His plan had seemed foolproof.
Frustration mounted as he glared at Amara in the kitchen.
He blamed her for his financial woes.
Had she secured the money he needed, this desperate plan wouldn’t have been necessary.
Now, with his scheme unraveled and his financial hopes dashed, his anger intensified.
Wilbert, seething with anger, threw his phone down on the table with a loud thud.
###chapter1077
Amara, startled by the noise, turned around to see Wilbert glaring at her, his face twisted in fury.
Frightened, she quickly turned off the stove and asked softly, “What’s wrong? Why are you so upset this early in the morning?”
Scowling, Wilbert snapped, “The project’s a bust.
We need a huge amount of money.
Ten million!”
Amara, looking down, responded weakly, “I told you last night, I’m working on it.
Just give me a little time, please.
”
Before he knew Amara was Matthew’s mother, Wilbert might have believed her.
But now, he saw her words as nothing but excuses.
Unable to contain his frustration, he slammed his fist on the table, stood up, and stormed towards her.
“Your son’s Matthew, right? The richest man in Seamarsh! How can you not get the money?”
“You… I…” Amara was too shocked to speak.
Wilbert grabbed her shoulders, staring into her eyes.
“Go to Matthew, beg if you have to.
If I get that ten million, I swear we’ll turn things around and live well.
”
Amara’s fear grew as she noticed Wilbert’s demeanor shift, as if he was becoming someone else entirely.
“Wilbert, please, calm down!” She urged him, her voice shaking despite her efforts to stay calm.
“I can’t just ask Matthew for money.
Ten million dollars is way beyond what I can handle right now.
‘s BunnyBookery
You need to find another solution.
Ah!”
But before she could finish, Wilbert’s hand shot up, gripping her hair tightly.
The sharp pain turned her face pale, and she couldn’t help but scream.
Struggling to raise her head, she used both hands to try and alleviate the intense pain.
“Wilbert, it’s hurting… Please, let me go!” Tears filled Amara’s eyes as she looked at him.
But Wilbert’s expression was cold and harsh.
He taunted her, “Bitch, don’t flatter yourself so much.
Do you think you’re that attractive?
To me, you’re just old and repulsive.
I wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for your money.
You’re delusional if you think there’s more to this.
”
Amara fought through her agony, tears rolling down her cheeks.
In that moment, it was unclear if her pain was more physical or emotional.
She had never imagined that the man she expected to spend her life with would hurl such hurtful words at her.
He had been deceiving her all along.
Were all those moments of tenderness and love just a lie? What was real, then?
She shut her eyes, letting her sobs escape.
###chapter1078
Suddenly, the sound of the doorbell interrupted her thoughts.
“Help… Hmm…” Amara was about to shout for help when suddenly, Wilbert clamped his hand over her mouth.
“Shut up!” Wilbert whispered sharply, his warning clear.
“Make a sound and it’s over for you.
”
He paused, listening as the doorbell echoed, soon followed by persistent knocking.
Only then did Wilbert grasp the seriousness of the situation.
He called out, “Just a second!”
Quickly, he dragged Amara into a room, locked the door behind them, and grabbed a hemp rope.
He tied her hands behind her back, making sure the knot was secure.
“Don’t try anything, or you’ll regret it.
”
“Wilbert…
“Shut up!” Wilbert snapped, his tone harsh.
He tied her legs too, pinching her cheeks as he gagged her with a piece of torn cloth.
“Shut the f@ck up,” he warned before leaving the room.
With everything secured, he made his way out of the room.
Wilbert peeked through the peephole.
Seeing the person at the door, he was taken aback.
His expression changed to a welcoming smile as he opened the door.
“Alex, what a surprise! What can I do for you?”
Ever since Stevie stepped down, Alex had taken over as the head of Fairwa.
He was highly respected by everyone, including Wilbert.
Watching Alex carefully, Wilbert tried to discern the reason for his unexpected visit.
Alex gave Wilbert a cold look.
“So, you’re not going to let me in?
Do you have someone else inside?”
Wilbert, caught off guard, quickly put on a smile.
“Oh, sorry, come on in.
It’s just me here.
I’ve been single for years.
No one else could be here, right?”
“Hmm,” Alex hummed, casually scanning the room before settling onto the sofa, crossing his legs.
###chapter1079
“I heard you’ve been hanging out with Amara.
You know who she is, don’t you? She’s no ordinary lady.
”
Wilbert’s smile faltered.
Just as he opened his mouth to reply, a soft thud sounded from another room.
Alex’s expression turned sharp.
“What was that noise?”
“Oh, that… A dog! I brought home a dog with a hint of a temper a few days ago.
Just let it be,” Wilbert said, his voice shaky.
Alex studied him intently, then resumed the conversation in a stern tone.
“Look, messing with Amara means you’re playing with fire.
”
As he spoke, he watched Wilbert’s face closely, his suspicion growing.
“Remember Stevie? He crossed Matthew and look what happened.
Craig Group went under, and Stevie… I heard they cut off his hands and feet.
If you mess with Matthew’s mother, and who knows what’ll happen.
”
Alex’s words were calm, but they struck fear into Wilbert, who began to sweat, feeling a cold dread.
He was in this for the money, not to risk his life.
Matthew was a name that spelled danger.
“AL… Alex,” Wilbert said softly, his voice laced with caution.
“I need to be straight with you.
Amara was the one who came to me.
I had no clue she’s Matthew’s mother.
If I knew, I wouldn’t have even thought about it.
”
He tried to maintain eye contact with Alex’s intense stare but found himself struggling to continue.
“Why haven’t you ended things yet? Are you asking for trouble?”
Alex’s voice was filled with anger.
Wilbert’s voice shook as he tried to explain, “I was clueless.
Amara was the one who came to me!”
Alex just shook his head, disappointment clear on his face.
“You’re finished.
”
Wilbert opened his mouth to say more, but a loud, dull thud interrupted him.
The sound was deep and seemed to be coming from another room.
“It’s… Amara in there,” Wilbert confessed, his voice shaking with fear.
Alex’s expression turned to one of shock.
He quickly moved towards the room.
###chapter1080
Inside, he found Amara, unconscious, leaning against a bedpost with blood dripping down her forehead.
Taken aback by the scene, Wilbert stood frozen, his body trembling.
“Wilbert Clifford!” Alex glared at him, his face darkening.
“I can’t help you now.
”
Just then, the sound of a door being kicked in echoed through the space.
Alex and Wilbert turned around to see Matthew storming in, with Stella by his side.
His gaze was icy, and his whole demeanor exuded an aura of intense anger.
Wilbert was caught off guard.
“This… I…”
He was speechless and unable to explain before Matthew knocked him to the floor with a swift kick.
Shielding Stella, Matthew advanced, his footsteps resounding on the marble floor, foreboding like a bell tolling doom for Wilbert.
Looking down at Wilbert with a cold, disdainful gaze, Matthew suddenly kicked him hard in the chest.
“Ah…” Wilbert coughed up blood, clutching his chest in pain.
Before he could regain his composure, he was barraged with a series of harsh blows to his face, chest, and stomach.
With a swollen face and a bloody nose, Wilbert’s pleas for mercy were ignored, no matter how desperately he begged.
His body was in extreme pain, his head pounded, and his consciousness started slipping.
He couldn’t count the number of punches he took before it all ceased.
Trying to get up, he felt a heavy, grinding pressure on his chest.
Wilbert’s eyes opened wide in terror, wanting to scream for help, but no sound escaped his Lips.
Matthew looked down with a cold, fierce stare.
After a moment, he removed his foot and walked away, not looking back at Wilbert.
Barely able to open his eyes, Wilbert reached out towards Alex, murmuring, “Alex… Ah!”
But before he could ask for help, he felt the excruciating pain of his wrist being savagely twisted, accompanied by the sickening sound of bones breaking.
Gasping for breath, Wilbert lay in complete disarray, unable to utter a word.
“I warned you about Stevie’s fate, but you chose to ignore it,” Alex said in a grave tone.
“There’s no escaping your fate now.
”
###chapter1081
He signaled the bodyguards to take Wilbert away.
Wilbert tried to speak, but words failed him under Alex’s intense stare.
Stella, who was close by, saw this troubling scene and fought to stay calm.
After Wilbert was gone, Alex looked at Matthew with respect.
“Mr.
Clark, it’s handled.
He won’t trouble your mother again.
Is there anything else you need?”
Matthew’s forehead was furrowed as he noticed a strange cell phone on the floor.
It seemed to have fallen during Wilbert’s scuffle.
Alex followed Matthew’s gaze, quickly picked up the phone, and handed it to him.
The phone was unlocked.
Matthew checked the contacts.
Nothing seemed unusual, except some unlisted calls.
He then opened the messages and saw a text revealing Amara was his mother.
Matthew’s face turned stormy, anger surging within him.
His hand clenched the phone tightly, his veins bulging.
That bastard Benny!
Alex was taken aback by his demeanor.
He paused briefly before prompting him, “Mr.
Clark, your mother is in the room.
”
Stella heard crying from inside and rushed in.
Seeing Amara in a disheveled state, propped against the headboard, Stella’s heart sank.
She quickly went to her and removed the gag gently.
“It’s okay.
Matthew and I are here,” Stella reassured her, her voice shaking as she untied Amara.
Amara seemed to regain some consciousness.
She tried to speak, but tears came first.
“We’ve got you now,” Stella comforted her, feeling a flutter of fear as she held Amara’s icy hand.
Stella yelled to the door, “Matthew, hurry up! We need to get your mom to the hospital!”
Matthew’s face tensed up.
After dealing with the phone call, he instructed Alex, “You stay and take care of things here.
”
“Will do,” Alex responded.
Matthew then entered the room, scooped Amara into his arms, and headed straight for the car.
###chapter1082
Stella sat in the back seat, looking after Amara, who was in bad shape.
Amara murmured repeatedly, “Home… I want to go home…”
Driving fast, Matthew kept glancing at Amara in the rearview mirror, worry filling his eyes.
“We’re heading back to Seamarsh,” he assured her.
Matthew took Amara back to Seamarsh, settling her in at Prosper Bay for the time being.
Luckily, Amara’s head injury was minor, with just a little bleeding.
Otherwise, she was fine.
Back from the hospital, she just sat on the sofa, not saying a word.
Matthew’s phone rang again.
It was another call from Fernando, noticed by Stella.
Fernando had been calling frequently, from the hospital visit till now, signaling some urgent business at work.
Stella thought for a moment, then whispered, “You should head to the office.
I’ll stay here with your mom.
”
Matthew gave her a long Look but didn’t argue.
He simply said, “Call me right away if you need anything.
”
“Will do.
” Stella nodded in agreement.
After Matthew left, Stella got a glass of water and sat next to Amara.
“Here, drink some water,” she said softly.
Amara shook her head no, and Stella didn’t push.
She just placed the glass on the table and sat quietly next to Amara, who was still silent.
Eventually, Amara broke the silence.
“Stella…”
“Yes? Are you feeling tired? Do you want to go to your room and rest?”
Amara let out a soft sigh and managed a bittersweet smile.
“Do you think I’m naive? I still believe in love at my age.
”
The thought of Wilbert’s sudden change filled Amara’s heart with disappointment.
She had completely fallen for Garry once, only to be tricked by him, ending up pregnant with Matthew.
Having Matthew wasn’t something she regretted.
She was just upset with herself.
Couldn’t she have learned from her past lesson?
###chapter1083
Amara chuckled, but it was a laugh filled with self-mockery.
Stella looked at her, feeling her heart ache.
She took Amara’s hand, her voice strong and certain.
“You didn’t do anything wrong.
You’re just too good-hearted, and it’s the dishonest people who have hurt you.
”
Amara’s eyes filled with tears, and she looked down in silence.
“Age doesn’t matter when it comes to seeking love.
” Stella held Amara’s hand firmly, her words comforting.
“Luckily, you realized the truth about that man in time.
Things can still be made right.
”
She saw Amara bow her head, her shoulders shaking as if she were sobbing.
Stella gently rubbed her back, softening her tone.
“You’ve brought up Matthew to be such a wonderful young man.
You’ll definitely find someone who will value and treat you sincerely.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Amara stayed quiet.
Watching Amara cry, Stella felt her own heart fill with sadness.
Before Matthew returned to the Clark family, he was Amara’s companion.
Matthew was swamped with work, leaving him little time for Amara.
Amara, having dedicated most of her life to her son, now found herself feeling more alone than ever.
This very loneliness opened a door for those with less than noble intentions to exploit her.
Sitting next to Amara, Stella offered her reassurance.
“You can relax here for the next few days.
I’ll be here with you; we can go shopping and just take it easy.
”
Meanwhile, the scandal involving the Clark family had become the talk of the town in Seamarsh.
Gossip about Amara being the third woman and Matthew being an illegitimate son was in the news and across social media.
Prosperity Group’s stocks were rapidly losing value.
When Matthew got to his office, Fernando was already there waiting for him.
Fernando had filled him in on the details earlier.
As soon as Fernando walked in, Matthew got straight to the point.
“Have you handled the media situation?”
“Yes,” Fernando replied, though he looked worried.
###chapter1084
“But our stocks have dropped 20%.
If our regular investors start selling, it could get worse.
”
Matthew pressed his lips and responded briefly, “I see.
”
He knew this was exactly what Benny had wanted, the very scenario he had predicted.
Noticing Matthew’s tense expression, Fernando hesitated before adding, “Also, Mr.
Clark, the DNA tests confirm that Benny is your blood relative.
”
Matthew braced himself, but the confirmation still hit him like a punch to the gut.
Benny was his brother.
‘s BunnyBookery
The word hung heavy; it was alien on his tongue.
His life had begun with only his mother, then expanded to include his grandparents, his wife, and now, a brother bursting onto the scene.
Lost in introspection, he barely registered the frantic rapping at the door.
Fernando opened it to reveal the secretary, her face etched with worry.
She offered a clipped nod and rushed to Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, there’s a gentleman demanding to see you.
”
Before she could finish, a deep voice boomed from behind.
“Mr.
Clark.
” Sprague entered the office, his face dark.
“We need to talk.
”
Matthew excused the secretary and Fernando, then rose to greet Sprague.
Pouring a cup of coffee and placing it on the table, he asked calmly, “What brings you here today, Mr.
Evans?”
Sprague didn’t mince words.
“I’m pulling the plug on our partnership.
”
Matthew’s eyes narrowed, but he kept his smile in place.
“Is there any aspect of Prosperity Group that falls short of your expectations?
What prompted this abrupt change of heart?”
“Let’s cut the pleasantries,” Sprague said, his voice heavy.
“The internet’s rife with dirt on your company.
Your competence is in serious question.
I’m starting to doubt whether this collaboration is worth it, on my end.
”
###chapter1085
Matthew frowned subtly.
“The online noise will be swiftly dealt with.
It won’t touch Evans Group, nor impact our partnership”.
“My faith in Prosperity Group has wavered.
If we’re to continue, I need a demonstration of your sincerity.
” Sprague’s smile held deep meaning.
“Be direct,” Matthew countered calmly.
Sprague, setting down his glass, held up three fingers.
“I want three more percentage points on top of our deal.
”
Matthew kept his face neutral.
He saw Sprague’s game, but he wouldn’t fold, not now.
“I’m afraid that’s not possible,” Matthew said calmly.
“Suggest something else.
”
But Sprague remained unyielding.
“Your mother was caught in the eye of the media storm.
I heard she’s suffered a head injury, too.
Shouldn’t family concerns eclipse your business?”
A flicker of pain crossed Matthew’s heart, but he quickly masked it.
“I appreciate your concern.
My mother is doing well, and Prosperity Group isn’t affected in the slightest.
”
Seeing his approach futile, Sprague stood.
“Be prepared.
If you fail to meet my expectations, I won’t hesitate to sever our contract.
”
Then he left.
Matthew didn’t attempt to stop him.
As the man exited the office, Matthew dialed Fernando, his voice dropping to a whisper.
“Hold Sprague off for a while,” he ordered.
With that instruction delivered, he made some quick preparations and hurried out of his own office.
A furrow of worry etched itself across his face as he went to the parking lot.
How could Sprague have such precise knowledge of Amara’s injuries?
And why, at this critical juncture, was he demanding a steeper price for their cooperation? The man seemed to be exploiting their vulnerability, pushing Prosperity Group towards a precipice.
Perhaps this was all a puppet show, orchestrated by the unseen hand pulling Sprague’s strings.
###chapter1086
Following him could lead to crucial intel, maybe even the identity of the mastermind behind the scenes.
Emerging from the elevator, Matthew found Fernando waiting alone in the parking lot.
“Sprague’s gone.
I’ve alerted security to slow him down,” Fernando reported.
Matthew nodded, fingers clenching on his car keys.
“Head back to the office and keep an eye on the online situation.
I’ll take things from here.
”
“Be careful.
” Fernando advised.
Matthew slid behind the wheel and sped out of the parking lot.
He hadn’t even cleared the exit when his eyes caught Sprague’s vehicle.
Fixing his gaze on the taillights, he felt his pulse quicken inexplicably.
‘s BunnyBookery
He had a strong premonition that he was about to meet Benny.
Sprague’s car gradually distanced itself from the city, delving deeper into the outskirts.
Matthew tailed closely behind.
He had to meet that person today, no matter the cost.
At that moment, his phone rang-it was Stella.
Spotting her call, Matthew cleared his throat and answered, “Honey, how’s my mom?”
“She is currently sleeping.
” Stella’s voice was subdued as she cast a glance at the peacefully sleeping Amara before stepping out of the room.
Gently closing the door behind her, she whispered, “Is everything settled at the company? When will you be back home?”
“I might be a bit late.
I’ve got some matters to attend to, but I’ll be back as soon as I can.
”
Matthew feigned composure and kept his tone Light to reassure Stella.
“Okay,” Stella murmured in response.
“Be careful.
”
After hanging up, she stared into the night, a subtle unease settling in her heart.
Initially intending to return to the room, she altered her course after a step.
Sleeping without Matthew at home was out of the question.
She opted to wait for him in the living room.
Tonight promised to be a sleepless one.
###chapter1087
Meanwhile, Matthew continued tailing Sprague into a villa district.
The surroundings were engulfed in darkness, as if the area was uninhabited.
Despite a lingering sense that something might be amiss, Matthew couldn’t afford to retreat now, not after coming this far.
He had to meet Benny tonight.
Sprague parked his car outside a villa and disappeared inside.
Matthew halted his car at a distance, observing the surroundings from his seat.
The villa was well illuminated despite its aged exterior.
After waiting for a while and seeing no sign of Sprague, Matthew decided to step out and enter the villa.
The living room on the first floor welcomed him-spacious, empty, yet impeccably clean.
Even the cushions on the sofa were free of dust, indicating it wasn’t abandoned.
Climbing the steps cautiously, Matthew’s expression remained guarded.
“Benny.
.
Matthew called out, but the only response was silence.
Sprague and Benny were nowhere in sight.
Reaching the second floor, he noticed an open door leading to a dimly Lit room.
He approached slowly and glimpsed a man standing by the window.
Matthew’s steps faltered, and the man turned around.
Their eyes locked, plunging the room into an eerie stillness.
This marked Matthew’s first encounter with Benny.
He had a striking resemblance to the person captured in photographs, with faint traces of Matthew’s own features.
Matthew’s gaze shifted from Benny’s face, taking in the room’s layout.
The space resembled a darkroom, adorned with photos related to the Clark family and Prosperity Group.
Benny showed no surprise at Matthew’s unexpected appearance.
His gaze remained icy and distant as he spoke in a raspy voice.
“I didn’t expect crossing paths with you here.
”
In response, Matthew fixed his stare on him.
Benny snorted coldly.
“Sprague is useless, allowing you to tail him all the way here.
Since you’re so keen to meet me, let’s get this over with, my dear brother.
”
###chapter1088
Matthew showed no sign of being affected by Benny’s sarcasm.
“Benny, come and get me if you think you’re hard enough.
There’s no need for these games involving my family.
.
”
“Your family…” Benny burst into laughter, as if he found it amusing, his laugh carrying a sinister chill.
“You’ve enjoyed a smooth ride all these years.
” His gaze on Matthew turned cold and malicious.
“Do you realize that while you basked in glory, I was forced to live like a rat? A miserable existence!
Matthew, what you have now should rightfully be mine!”
Maintaining his composure, Matthew regarded him with disdain.
“We share the same father, Benny.
You, more than anyone, should know better.
How can you be so certain that my life has always been so glorious?”
Benny’s stare at Matthew turned cold, gradually icing over.
“I’ve gathered every bit of news about you over the years.
”
He shot a disdainful look at the walls covered in reports, a sneer playing on his lips.
“You were acknowledged by the Clark family, turned into a business prodigy, and inherited Prosperity Group.
Your life’s been smooth sailing, complete with a successful marriage.
But what about me?”
His gaze bore into Matthew.
“I’ve got to hustle for my bread and endure a truckload of misery while you’re enjoying life.
I’m a Clark too! Why should I be stuck in this mess? Why me?”
What added to his bitterness was the fact that he’d made numerous attempts to rejoin the Clark family, only to get the cold shoulder from Waldo every time.
Why?
Benny was overwhelmed with a mix of resentment and jealousy, burning away any rational thought.
His expression morphed into something sinister.
Matthew’s lips tightened.
He remained composed, his gaze revealing not a hint of emotion.
“I didn’t cause you this grief, and it’s definitely not a reason to mess with my family.
”
“Shut up! You’re the Last person who should be giving me a lecture!”
Benny cut him off.
His intense gaze grew even more fierce.
“I’m back to claim what’s rightfully mine-Prosperity Group and everything that should’ve been mine!”
Matthew felt something hard pressing against his waist.
###chapter1089
A gun.
He stood there, frozen, surprise dancing in his eyes.
Benny had a gun on him.
He’d clearly prepared for this confrontation.
Seeing the change in Matthew’s expression, Benny curled his lips into a sinister smile and pressed the pistol more against Matthew’s waist.
“You have three minutes.
Hand over Prosperity Group, or die right here,” Benny sneered, the gun cold and unforgiving in his grip.
“That old man has no other heir but me.
He’ll turn to me to fill your shoes.
”
Matthew met his gaze unflinchingly, his voice steady despite the threat.
“Prosperity Group will never be yours, and it will stay that way.
Someone like you, soaked in darkness, doesn’t deserve its legacy.
”
“Me? Soaked in darkness?” Benny’s eyes turned venomous as he aimed the gun at Matthew’s leg.
“You think you’re some saint? Don’t forget, you’re just a bastard yourself.
What gives you the right to judge me?”
Matthew’s eyes darkened.
“If your heart wasn’t stained, why go after an innocent woman? Should she pay for your hatred?”
“Shut your mouth! One more word, and you’re dead!” Benny’s rage boiled over.
He pressed the gun harder against Matthew’s leg, his face contorted with anger.
“Why you? Why do you get everything while my Loved ones rot in the ground?”
Benny once had a tender and compassionate mother, yet he could only bear witness to her succumbing to illness in the end.
In contrast, Matthew’s mother lived a life of Luxury, residing alone in a villa and indulging in the riches befitting a wealthy lady.
Struggling to make ends meet, Benny found himself with no choice but to dip into the underworld, which ultimately implicated his fiancee.
He yearned for a respectable life, but no one gave him the chance.
He stood alone in his struggles.
He had no one but himself.
Matthew gazed at Benny for an extended moment.
At that moment, he knew that any further conversation was futile.
Benny was beyond saving.
He seemed irreversibly consumed by hatred.
“Benny,” Matthew said.
“If you want to lead Prosperity Group, go for it with your own skills.
I’m up for your challenge anytime.
But keep your hands off my family.
If you do, I won’t let you off the hook.
”
He took a step back, ready to leave.
###chapter1090
“Stop!” Benny aimed the gun at Matthew’s calf, his voice getting harsh.
“We’re not done talking.
Take one more step, and I’ll shoot on the spot!”
Matthew was set on leaving, not wanting to get tangled up in anything pointless.
Ignoring Benny’s warning, he kept moving forward without a backward glance.
“Matthew Clark!” Benny shouted, his voice thick with anger.
Holding a pistol, his face showed a mix of emotions.
The gun was loaded, and Matthew was in his sights.
A simple pull of the trigger could end Matthew’s life, settling his deep hatred.
But looking at Matthew’s face, which looked a bit like his own, made him hesitate.
“Stop, Matthew!” Benny’s voice wavered.
“Don’t make me do this!”
He shut his eyes briefly, then looked at Matthew again, unable to mask the coldness and anger in his eyes.
Aiming the gun, he fired.
The gunshot echoed, mixed with the sharp smell of gunpowder.
Matthew reacted fast, dodging to the side, but the bullet still nicked his thigh.
He stumbled, falling to one knee, his face twisted in pain.
Looking at the hole in his pant from the bullet, Matthew struggled to get up, his voice heavy with emotion.
“Killing me now won’t change anything.
”
Benny observed the blood pouring from Matthew’s thigh and a faint, icy smirk crossed his face.
He put away his gun.
“I could have let you bleed out here, but I don’t stoop to that level.
I want you to see everything you value crumble.
I want you to feel the agony I’ve endured for years.
”
He had no intention of letting Matthew die quickly.
After all, death was a w
ay out, but only the living would suffer.
Benny desired for Matthew to fully endure his torment.
That way, he could strike Matthew down when it hurt the most.
Matthew’s hand clutched his thigh a bit tighter, and he cautioned, “Benny, there’s still time to stop this.
If you hurt others, I’ll make sure you regret it.
”
Benny’s smile was enigmatic as he turned around.
His voice was cold as ever.
“I’m looking forward to our next meeting, my dear brother.
”
At Prosper Bay, it was two in the morning.
Stella was restless, pacing in her living room, glancing at the clock repeatedly.
Matthew usually would have been back by now, and if he was going to be late, he’d always let her know ahead of time.
###chapter1091
Yet today, there hadn’t been a single message from him, just that phone call earlier.
Stella’s worry deepened as she waited, eventually grabbing her car keys to go look for him.
It was a bitterly cold night, thick with fog.
She felt a shiver as she stepped outside, her breath forming a misty cloud in the freezing air.
Wrapping her coat tightly around herself, Stella hesitated, holding the car keys tightly.
Her fear of driving had lessened thanks to Mateo’s help, but in this weather…
She glanced at the sky, knowing she wouldn’t relax until she found Matthew.
Taking a deep breath, Stella headed for her car parked out front.
Just as she was about to get in, a car’s sound caught her attention.
She stopped and peered out, spotting a black car slowly coming closer, its headlights momentarily dazzling her.
It was Matthew’s car.
Her heart soared with relief, and she dashed towards it.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew pulled over and slowly got out.
Seeing Stella, a smile spread across his face.
“Stella…” he began, but his voice trailed off, his steps unsteady.
The next second, he collapsed into Stella’s arms.
Stella quickly stepped in to help Matthew, using all her strength to support him.
Her voice was laced with worry.
“Matthew, are you okay?”
Leaning on her shoulder, Matthew replied in a weak voice, “Just let me lean on you for a bit.
”
He looked in great pain as he spoke.
He had just driven twenty kilometers with a gunshot wound in his leg after leaving Benny’s villa.
On the way, he’d directed Fernando to reach out to some potential allies.
With his ties to Evans Group now severed, he knew Prosperity Group was at risk if he didn’t act fast.
Now, completely exhausted, he longed only for Stella’s presence to find some comfort.
Sensing something was terribly wrong, Stella asked anxiously, “Matthew, you’re frightening me.
What’s happened to you?”
She had a frantic look on her face, and her voice trembled, sounding close to tears.
Matthew tried to stand but lacked the strength.
###chapter1092
He managed a weak smile.
“I’m just really tired.
But I’m so glad to see you.
”
Stella didn’t buy it.
Under the moonlight, she saw his pale face and the dark stains on his trousers.
It was blood!
Her expression turned to one of alarm as she tried to support him more firmly.
“You’re injured! We need to get you to a hospital.
”
But Matthew was too heavy for her.
As she struggled to lift him, her hand became stained with his blood.
‘s BunnyBookery
Seeing Stella’s worried face, Matthew took her hand, his lips parting slightly.
“Don’t worry.
It’s just a scratch.
No need for the hospital.
”
He sounded so calm that Stella felt a bit better.
“Let’s go inside.
I’ll help you with that.
”
Leaning on her, Matthew nodded as they entered the house.
Inside, under the bright lights, Stella could finally see how bad his injury was.
Outside, in the dim night with his black trousers, the bloodstains were almost invisible.
A wave of concern washed over Stella.
“How did you get hurt like this?”
Seeing her worry, Matthew ki*sed her forehead.
“I’m okay.
It’s nothing big.
Can you help me with it? Let’s not wake Mom; she’ll worry.
”
Stella nodded, grabbed the first-aid kit, and cut his trousers open with scissors, revealing a nasty wound.
She felt her heart clench as she carefully cleaned the wound with alcohol, then asked, “What happened? Who were you with tonight? Why are you hurt?”
Matthew knew he couldn’t hide it anymore, but he tried to play it down to not scare Stella.
“I was with Benny tonight.
”
“Benny? You met with him?” Stella was surprised.
###chapter1093
Realizing Amara was still in the house, Stella suddenly stopped talking.
A moment later, she asked, “Was it Benny who hurt you? Has he gone crazy?”
Even though she spoke softly, her anger was obvious.
Stella hesitated, then continued, “The first time I saw him at the cemetery, in his wheelchair, I felt sorry for him.
But now, I see he’s just evil, totally insane.
”
Matthew focused on a specific part of her story.
“Wait, which cemetery was this?”
Stella took a deep breath and explained everything that happened that day.
She hadn’t mentioned it to Matthew before, too caught up in her grief over Farris.
“He was in his wheelchair, stuck at the steps, and I just helped him.
It looks like he planned everything from the start!” Stella’s expression darkened.
Matthew looked serious too.
“So, Benny’s back with a purpose.
We have to stop him.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
After Stella finished bandaging him, concern flashed in her eyes.
“What’s your plan?”
Matthew’s tone was cold.
“We’ll call a shareholders’ meeting.
We have to act first.
”
That night, Prosperity Group made a statement.
“We suspect Evans Group is linked to organized crime and the recent attacks on our reputation.
Therefore, we’re ending our partnership with them.
We trust that the public will continue to support Prosperity Group.
”
The next morning, the shareholders of Prosperity Group gathered for a meeting.
Early arrivals were buzzing with conversation in the conference room.
“Wasn’t the deal with Evans Group supposed to go off without a hitch?
Why did they suddenly cut it off? And now there’s talk about shady business.
Good thing it was denied before it started, right? It could’ve been illegal.
”
“I’m just as in the dark as you are.
No one saw it coming, and the news dropped out of nowhere in the dead of night.
”
“I suppose we’ll get the details once the meeting starts.
”
###chapter1094
As some shareholders were keen to keep chatting, the conference room door swung open abruptly.
Everyone straightened up, expecting Matthew to walk in, but instead, a young guy they’d never seen before entered.
Benny walked in, without glancing left or right, and headed straight for the main seat.
As soon as he plopped down in Matthew’s chair, the shareholders’ eyes nearly popped out.
The room was abuzz with their hushed voices.
“Who’s this guy? I haven’t seen him before.
”
“He appears to be somewhat like Mr.
Clark, but I don’t remember him having any brothers.
”
“And he just takes the main seat like that? Something big must’ve gone down.
”
As the shareholders were still talking, the sound of footsteps came from the door.
Fernando walked in.
The moment they saw Fernando, their faces showed surprise.
They held back the questions they had been about to ask.
Fernando’s eyes fixed on Benny, who was sitting in the main chair.
He frowned and said, “This is a private meeting.
Anyone who doesn’t belong here should leave.
”
Benny just glanced up and snorted coldly.
“I’m a shareholder.
Why shouldn’t I be here?”
Fernando’s expression changed slightly, but he stayed calm.
“The chair you’re sitting in is meant for Mr.
Clark.
Shareholders are supposed to sit on the side.
”
“What’s so special about his chair?” Benny retorted, his eyes showing scorn.
He turned his chair to face the others and said coldly, “I’ll be taking over this position soon.
Plus, Matthew’s not coming today.
”
Just then, the door opened once more.
Matthew walked into the room, a cold look crossing his face when he saw Benny.
“Who said I wasn’t coming?”
###chapter1095
Immediately, a tense atmosphere filled the meeting room, and the shareholders were too scared to even breathe loudly.
Benny locked eyes with Matthew, glancing briefly at Matthew’s thigh before flashing a frosty smile.
“It was a surprise to see you here.
If I had aimed better last night, your leg would’ve been no good today.
”
His words shocked everyone around them.
The two had butted heads the night before, and it looked like Matthew had gotten the worse end of it.
The shareholders waited, glancing at each other, curious about Matthew’s reaction.
Benny was known to be tough to handle.
Matthew kept his cool and avoided a direct reply.
“The meeting’s about to start.
Do you want to leave by yourself, or should I call security?”
Benny stayed put, sounding unbothered.
“I own part of this place.
I’m just learning how things work here.
Is this how you treat the shareholders?”
He raised an eyebrow, challenging Matthew with his stare.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew remained calm, his voice steady.
“I bet Evelyn Riley wouldn’t be thrilled with how you’re acting now, right?”
At the mention of Evelyn, Benny’s expression changed.
He stood up quickly and grabbed Matthew’s collar.
“Say that one more time!”
His face was serious, and his eyes shone with an intense, icy anger, as if he was about to attack Matthew.
“Don’t think for a second that I don’t know your weak spots.
”
Matthew shook off his hand, his voice low and edged with a warning.
“Benny, I know those tricks of yours.
I’m always ready to take you on if you don’t back down.
”
###chapter1096
For the first time, Benny showed fear in his eyes.
He stared at Matthew, remaining silent.
In frustration, he pushed away a nearby chair.
The noise of the chair scraping the floor startled everyone there.
Matthew stayed cool.
He had his own people and things to worry about, and so did Benny.
One of them was Benny’s fiancee, Evelyn Riley.
Matthew watched Benny storm off, then quickly regained his composure.
He went back to his chair and said firmly, “Let’s start the meeting.
”
The meeting’s main goal was to explain to the shareholders why they stopped working with Evans Group.
Since this was a sudden decision, Matthew needed to reassure them.
Afterwards, Matthew asked Fernando to join him in his office.
He looked at Fernando, his eyes briefly showing a hint of sternness.
“How’s the investigation?”
Last night, Matthew had made an announcement and also told Fernando to keep digging into Benny’s activities.
He had a hunch that Benny was the one secretly buying shares recently.
Ready for a showdown, Matthew needed to understand Benny’s background.
The investigation not only proved his suspicions but also revealed Benny’s hidden past.
“Benny isn’t wealthy since he came back to Seamarsh,” Fernando informed.
“He’s borrowed heavily from Sprague and an underground bank to buy shares from Prosperity Group.
I’ll watch the stock market closely to stop any of his tricks.
”
Matthew’s expression remained troubled.
He recognized the serious risk in Benny’s actions, a clear sign of his desperate quest for revenge.
“Benny’s drowning in debt.
Now, with Prosperity Group’s shares in his hands, he’ll likely sell some,” Matthew speculated, his voice deep and serious.
“He needs cash, but he’s on his own in this battle.
We have nothing to fear from him.
”
After leaving Prosperity Group, Benny headed straight to a bar.
There, he spent the whole day and night drinking alone.
His phone on the table vibrated incessantly with Sprague’s calls and messages, full of apologies.
Benny only gave them a quick glance, not really caring.
The alcohol dulled his senses but somehow sharpened his thoughts.
###chapter1097
Images of Evelyn’s smiles and frowns replayed in his mind, lingering long.
His main purpose in returning to Seamarsh was to bury Evelyn’s ashes here.
Seamarsh was Evelyn’s hometown, a place she knew well and loved.
In his life, the two women he felt he failed the most were his mother and Evelyn.
Ever since he met Evelyn and they fell in love, he never let her have a moment’s peace.
Tragically, her life ended miserably because of him.
For years, he lived with regret and self-blame.
Why had he failed to protect her? Why wasn’t he the one to die?
These questions haunted him, unanswered.
His drive for revenge was the only thing that kept him going all these years.
Yet, every night, he was tormented by nightmares where Evelyn appeared, drenched in blood.
She was never the one meant to die.
After finishing his drink, Benny staggered into the bathroom and splashed cold water on his face, which helped him sober up a bit.
He gazed at his reflection in the mirror, a sad smile on his Lips.
His features, somewhat resembling Matthew’s, seemed to morph into Matthew’s own as he looked on.
His eyes then flared with a dark, vengeful light.
He silently vowed to strip Matthew of everything dear to him.
Shaking off these thoughts, Benny leaned on the wall for support and left the bathroom.
Opening the door, he accidentally bumped into a man.
The man scowled and demanded an apology.
Benny brushed off the man and tried to walk away.
“Damn it!” The man was fuming.
He lunged forward and punched Benny, who was too drunk to stand firm, knocking him to the floor.
“I wanted an apology.
What’s with that face?”
Benny struggled to rise, but his drunken state made it impossible.
The man’s fists relentlessly struck Benny’s face and body.
Eventually, the man paused, a mocking smirk on his face as he stood up.
Gazing down at Benny, curled up in pain on the floor, he scoffed and kicked him again.
“Pathetic.
You shouldn’t even be here with the rest of us!”
He then walked away.
###chapter1098
As Benny’s senses started to fade, he mustered his last bit of strength to try and get up.
“Sir, are you alright?” A soft female voice broke through the haze, followed by gentle hands lifting him.
Seeing the woman before him, Benny offered a rare, heartfelt smile.
“Evelyn…”
Benny spent a restless night, his dreams replaying memories with Evelyn.
Yet, happiness was as brief as a shooting star, transforming into a nightmare where Evelyn lay bloodied in his arms.
Waking groggily, his head throbbed intensely.
The light fixture above flickered erratically, leaving his mind in a brief state of emptiness.
Gradually, his thoughts began to coalesce, piecing together the previous night’s events.
After his departure from Prosperity Group, he had drowned his sorrows in a bar and thought he saw Evelyn in his drunken state.
Suddenly, Benny sat up, realizing something was wrong.
He threw off the covers to find his trouser leg empty and lifeless.
His gaze hardened as he looked around, recognizing the hotel room.
His prosthetic leg was positioned at the bed’s end.
A wave of anger and fear washed over Benny.
Never before had he been so intoxicated that he lost complete consciousness or found himself at the mercy of strangers.
As he struggled to get out of bed, a noise from the bathroom drew his attention.
The door opened, revealing a woman.
Seeing Benny awake, Flossie paused briefly, then smiled.
“You’re awake? I thought you’d sleep longer.
”
The heavy workload she’d been under had been suffocating.
Only last night did Flossie find a rare moment of leisure at a bar, unbeknownst to her agent.
She didn’t expect to find Benny in distress near the restroom.
Approaching him, she found him so drunk he was barely coherent, muttering a name as he clutched her hand.
Flossie had no choice but to take Benny to a hotel.
She intended to leave him there and depart, but upon seeing his face clearly, she was struck by his resemblance to Tobin.
This halted her from leaving, and she tended to his wounds.
In doing so, she discovered the unnatural feel of one of his legs, cold and unyielding.
###chapter1099
Lifting his trouser leg, she uncovered the truth of his prosthetic Limb.
“Who are you?” Benny’s voice, hoarse and strained, interrupted Flossie’s thoughts.
She responded with a beaming face, “I’m your lifesaver.
What? Are you going to turn against me now that you’re sober?”
“Get out!” Benny’s expression hardened, his voice icy.
Flossie remained unfazed by his reaction.
Noticing his struggle, she offered, “Do you need help getting up?”
She hesitated, considering his pride, and instead of mentioning his prosthetic, she simply gestured towards it.
Benny’s face grew darker, his tone sharper.
“Get out,” he repeated.
However, Flossie was undeterred.
She moved closer to him and squatted by his side.
Looking at his leg, she then raised her eyes to his and said softly, “Don’t be upset.
You’ll feel better soon.
”
Her soothing words touched Benny’s heart unexpectedly.
For a brief moment, he felt as if Evelyn was there, speaking to him.
Evelyn, with her gentle nature, had always been there to comfort him, supporting his decisions and helping him unwind, no matter how exhausted he was.
Since her departure, he hadn’t experienced such warmth.
Benny looked down, reconsidering the woman in front of him.
Unnoticed by him, softness appeared in his eyes.
He noticed the rose earring on her earlobe.
Roses had been Evelyn’s favorite.
Flossie saw his change in demeanor.
The hostility in him seemed to have lessened.
“May I help you with your prosthetic?” she asked again, this time more confidently.
Taken aback, Benny gave a small nod.
With his consent, Flossie picked up the prosthetic limb carefully and assisted him in attaching it.
Throughout, Benny would occasionally look at her in a daze, to which she would just smile and remain silent.
Before leaving, Flossie placed a business card in his shirt pocket.
“If you need anything, you can contact me.
”
Once she was gone, Benny pulled out the card and stared at the name.
###chapter1100
“Flossie Diaz,” he murmured to himself.
Having sorted out their issues with Benny temporarily, Matthew and Stella finally enjoyed a restful night’s sleep.
Early the next morning, Stella rose and headed straight to the film set.
She had recently joined the team and, having just taken a day off, felt it was inappropriate to ask for more time away.
Matthew had planned to drive her, but Amara’s injury required his attention, so he arranged for a bodyguard to take Stella instead.
Upon arriving at the set, Stella ran into Luka.
He greeted her with a mix of indifference and slight sarcasm.
“Mrs.
Clark, your dedication is admirable, arriving early like this.
Quite the hard worker.
Yet, you’ve already taken a day off after just a few days here.
If the film set’s too much for you, maybe it’s best to go home and let your husband look after you.
”
Stella remained silent, choosing not to engage in an argument, especially about her relationship with Matthew.
She knew people often believed what they wanted, regardless of the truth.
Luka didn’t Linger long in his mockery and soon departed.
Stella immersed herself in work, organizing the costumes for the day’s shoot.
It wasn’t until Luka’s first scene started that she had a chance to break.
She stayed nearby, ready if the director needed her, and found a chair outside the set to observe quietly.
They were filming a breakup scene in the rain, with Luka preparing his emotions.
When the director yelled action, Luka‘’s look changed dramatically, almost transforming him into someone entirely different from the man who had mocked Stella earlier.
Stella, initially just passing time, found herself captivated by the scene, feeling the sorrow of the female lead being broken up with and her desperate longing to cling on.
It was only when the director called cut that Stella was jolted back to reality, taking a moment to return from her deep absorption in the performance.
Luka grabbed a towel from his assistant and quickly dried his hair.
He spotted Stella daydreaming nearby and called out to her, “Why are you still here? The next scene’s about to start.
Aren’t you getting the outfits ready?”
Snapped back to reality by Luka’s voice, Stella looked up at him.
That was when Luka noticed her eyes, red around the edges.
He paused, then flashed a cheeky grin.
“Pretty good acting, huh? Did it surprise you?”
Annoyed by his c@@kiness yet unable to deny his talent, Stella gave a small nod.
###chapter1101
“Yeah, you were really good.
I’ll go sort things out.
”
As she started to walk away, she heard Luka say thanks.
Confused, she stopped and looked back.
Luka seemed impatient again.
“What are you staring at? Move it and get ready for the next scene.
My time is valuable.
I don’t have all day!”
Stella bit her lip, questioning what she’d heard.
This was the usual arrogant, self-absorbed Luka.
That “thanks” could have been her imagination.
Stella’s gaze briefly flickered with irritation.
“Okay, I’m on my way.
”
As she walked towards the costume and makeup room, she grumbled to herself.
Being an art director, she didn’t appreciate being treated like Luka’s personal assistant.
Luka might have been skilled, but his disregard for others’ feelings and lack of professionalism irked her.
Unbeknownst to Stella, Ashley Payne, who had just shared the stage with Luka, watched her leave with a cold, unwelcoming stare.
Meanwhile, Matthew and Amara approached the Clark family’s mansion.
Suddenly, Amara grabbed his hand, a look of worry in her eyes.
“Matthew, should I really go inside?”
Matthew squeezed her hand reassuringly, his gaze determined.
“Don’t worry.
I’ve got this under control.
”
He then pressed the doorbell.
The servant hurried to open the door, his face lighting up at seeing Matthew.
However, his smile faltered when he noticed Amara.
“Sir…”
“What is it?” Matthew asked, a frown creasing his forehead as he noticed the servant’s hesitance.
The servant glanced at Amara, then back at Matthew, struggling to find the words.
Your grandfather has explicitly said your mother can’t enter.
”
Amara felt a burning blush on her cheeks, avoiding eye contact with the servant while attempting to free her hand from Matthew’s firm grip.
Matthew, however, held on tighter.
Bowing her head, she murmured, “Matthew, maybe I should leave.
You can go in alone.
”
###chapter1102
Sensing her discomfort, Matthew reassured her with a comforting smile.
Then, addressing the servant, he said, “Open the door.
If my grandfather disapproves, I’ll take responsibility.
”
The servant, having no rebuttal, reluctantly opened the door to let them inside.
Lucia was sipping coffee in the living room, frowning slightly upon seeing Amara.
Despite the displeasure on Lucia’s face, Amara greeted her respectfully.
Lucia remained silent, her disapproval evident.
Undeterred, Matthew intervened to diffuse the tension.
“Grandma, I brought my mom to see you and Grandpa.
”
He scanned the room and noticed Waldo’s absence.
“Where is he?”
Lucia’s gaze shifted away from Amara as she responded, “He’s resting upstairs.
If you wish to see him, wait here in the living room.
Take a seat.
”
Though the invitation was directed at Amara, she hesitated to sit.
Matthew pressed for more information, asking, “What’s wrong with him?
Is he not feeling well?”
Waldo’s daily routine was pretty predictable.
He rose early and never stayed up late unless he wasn’t feeling well.
“A lot’s been going on lately.
His old health issue has cropped up again.
The doctor said he needs rest,” Lucia shared honestly.
“You might not get to see him today.
”
Matthew gave a small nod.
“Then we’ll wait for a while.
”
Lucia said nothing and headed upstairs.
She knew Amara wasn’t at fault; she had been manipulated by others.
But knowing and accepting were two different things.
Matthew and Amara waited downstairs for a while but didn’t catch a glimpse of Waldo.
Checking the time, Matthew asked, “Mom, should we head back today and try another day?”
###chapter1103
After a brief pause, Amara agreed to his suggestion.
They were about to leave when they heard footsteps approaching from upstairs.
Lucia was helping Waldo downstairs.
Waldo shifted his gaze to Amara, who immediately lowered her head.
Witnessing this, Matthew stepped forward, his voice calm as he addressed his grandfather.
“Grandpa, my mother has come to Seamarsh, and I’ve brought her here to visit you.
”
Waldo, looking coldly at Amara, asked in a chilly and stern tone, “Have you thought it through now? Are you willing to come back to the Clark family?”
Amara was startled by Waldo’s directness, raising her head in shock.
Unmoved by her reaction, Waldo continued, “If you wish to remarry in the future, Lucia and I will choose a suitable match for you.
We won’t let you make another mistake and cause trouble for Matthew.
”
“Grandpa…” Matthew interjected, dissatisfied with his words.
Bowing slightly, Amara interrupted, “I know I made mistakes this time.
I came to see both of you and to apologize for the things I did.
”
She paused, gathering her thoughts before speaking again.
“My misjudgment brought trouble to the Clark family and involved Matthew.
I’ll be more careful in the future.
I appreciate your kindness, but I still don’t want to go back to the Clark family.
”
“What do you mean?” Waldo’s tone sharpened instantly.
“If you’re not willing to come back, then leave and don’t return.
This family doesn’t welcome outsiders.
”
With that, he started coughing heavily.
Lucia rushed to help him catch his breath, saying soothingly, “Don’t get upset now.
Your health has just improved a bit.
Let’s calm down and talk properly.
”
“I’m sorry,” Amara said, bowing to Waldo and Lucia.
“Take care of yourselves.
I’ll leave now.
”
“Mom!” Matthew moved to follow her.
Waldo called out sternly, “Matthew, we need to talk.
”
Waldo wanted a word with Matthew, so Amara turned to him and suggested, “Matthew, you stay.
I can head back on my own.
”
###chapter1104
Matthew was troubled by the complicated dynamics between his mother and grandfather and had hoped to smooth things over that day.
However, it seemed like an uphill battle.
He signaled the driver to take Amara away.
Back in the living room, Waldo wore a serious expression as he glanced at Matthew.
“Don’t blame me for being tough on your mother.
I’ve got one request for her-come back to the Clark family.
Since she refused, I won’t force her, but she can’t attend any of our family banquets or stir up trouble that could affect the family’s or Prosperity Group’s reputation.
”
Waldo’s face carried a mix of disappointment and helplessness by the end of his statement.
He was initially thrilled about Matthew’s existence and grateful to Amara for raising him.
He had genuinely hoped Amara would return with Matthew, but his hopes were dashed.
‘s BunnyBookery
Unfortunately, she had other plans and preferred to stay in Fairwa rather than joining the Clark family.
While Waldo respected her decision initially, the current incident forced him to address the matter due to its impact on the family’s reputation.
Matthew nodded in understanding.
“Got it.
I’ll be careful.
Grandpa, what did you want to talk to me about?”
Waldo tilted his head slightly, his gaze focusing.
“Have you sorted out the issues with Prosperity Group?”
Matthew’s expression instantly turned serious.
“Just give me a Little more time.
I’ll get the stock price back on track.
And as for the collaboration with Evans Group…”
He paused for a moment, then continued, “While we can’t proceed with it, I’ve already lined up alternative partners.
The project won’t be affected.
”
Waldo nodded with satisfaction.
“I trust you.
Let this be a lesson.
And remember, stay vigilant.
”
“I know,” Matthew responded.
“I’ve looked into Benny’s background, and he does have a blood connection to us.
”
Waldo’s expression changed at this revelation, but he quickly regained his composure.
Letting out a deep sigh, he looked at Matthew.
###chapter1105
“What’s your plan moving forward?”
Matthew’s expression darkened.
“I won’t let him off,” he declared somberly.
“Despite whatever difficulties he may have, he’s harmed my wife and mother repeatedly.
I have to make him pay.
”
Waldo didn’t try to dissuade him.
While he had initially considered sparing Benny due to their blood ties, the repeated provocations had crossed a line.
Nodding, Waldo offered some advice.
“But don’t push him too hard.
You don’t want to provoke rash actions and more outrageous acts.
”
Matthew Looked at Waldo with a hint of doubt.
“Do you want me to let Benny go?”
Matthew wanted to gauge Waldo’s stance first before confronting Benny.
Recognizing the potential for misunderstanding, Waldo shook his head.
“You deal with this matter.
I won’t get in your way.
”
With Waldo’s agreement, Matthew felt a bit of tension release.
After inquiring about Waldo’s health, Matthew left the house and returned to Prosper Bay.
On the way home, he considered what to say to console Amara, but upon entering, he found her already packed and waiting for him in the living room.
Frowning at the suitcase beside her, Matthew asked, “Mom, what are you doing?”
“Matthew, I’ve thought about it.
I should go back to Fairwa.
I’m more accustomed to life there.
I don’t want to disturb you and Stella,” Amara explained.
“If living in Prosper Bay makes you uncomfortable, I can buy you an apartment,” Matthew suggested, attempting to convince her to stay.
“We’re happy to have you here.
If it’s because of Grandpa…”
“No.
” Amara interrupted.
“I just want to go back.
”
Amara might have seemed amenable, but Matthew knew how unyielding she could be.
Once she made a decision, convincing her otherwise was nearly impossible.
Looking at her with a touch of helplessness, Matthew sighed.
“Mom, I won’t insist that you stay with me.
I simply want to take better care of you and ensure you don’t get hurt again.
”
###chapter1106
His words evoked a tingling sensation at the tip of Amara’s nose, and her eyes began to moisten.
Mustering a feeble smile, she responded, “Even though I never found a good man, I have no regrets about having you.
Now that you’re all grown up with your own family, I also hope to find someone to spend the rest of my life with.
Stella is a good girl.
You two should try your best to take care of each other.
”
As she spoke about Stella, Matthew’s expression subtly softened, and a gentle smile played in his eyes.
“Don’t worry, Mom, I will.
I’m very happy now.
” He assured her, memories of Stella’s kindness flooding his mind.
That evening, when Stella returned home and opened the door, she was suddenly wrapped in a tight hug.
Trying to get her bearings, she found herself against the wall, encircled by Matthew.
His hand cradled her head as his gentle tongue traced her lips.
The ki*s deepened.
Stella attempted to push against his chest, but he remained firm.
“Matthew, stop it…” She gasped for air.
“Your mom…”
Matthew’s eyes flickered open and he explained, “She’s gone back to Fairwa.
It’s just you and me at home.
”
Ignoring her concerns, he leaned in for another ki*s.
Their moment was abruptly interrupted by a voice.
“Oops, maybe we’ll come back later.
”
Stella shivered, her face flushed.
She hastily pushed against Matthew’s shoulders, putting some distance between them.
With a raise of his brow, Matthew shifted his gaze to spot Neville and Miley, who were stationed at the doorway, wearing smirks that could tell tales.
Neville teased, “Didn’t realize you had this side to you.
”
Matthew shot him a stern look, tinged with a touch of disdain.
“What brings you here?”
Having anticipated a secluded time with Stella after overcoming a series of recent challenges, Matthew found himself interrupted by these uninvited guests.
Stella explained, “Miley and I needed a good catch-up.
She dropped by the set, so I brought them along.
”
Miley, grinning ear to ear, glanced at Matthew’s displeased expression and asked playfully, “Are we not welcome?”
Matthew was on the verge of responding when he felt a gentle pull on his hand.
Stella was holding it, looking at him with an innocent plea.
Despite the irritation bubbling within him, the look on Stella’s face immediately melted his resolve.
###chapter1107
Matthew clenched his teeth and uttered reluctantly, “Of course, you’re welcome.
”
“I knew Matthew wasn’t such a petty person.
Let’s go inside, Miley.
”
Neville chuckled, savoring the amusement in Matthew’s current look.
As the two of them entered the house, Stella released Matthew’s hand and trailed behind, only to be tugged back by him.
Wearing a hint of displeasure in his eyes, Matthew leaned in.
“Figure out a way to calm me down.
”
Stella was left speechless, realizing he was simply using it as an excuse for a ki*s.
“Hurry up,” Matthew urged, his eyes betraying a subtle anticipation.
Making sure that Neville and Miley were not looking, Stella tiptoed and gave the corner of Matthew’s lips a swift peck.
His mood lifted, transforming his expression into one of delight.
Stella felt a sense of helplessness once more.
Despite his uniquely handsome face and an air of noble stability, Matthew appeared remarkably endearing in her eyes-a contrast she hadn’t anticipated.
From the dining room, Neville exclaimed, “Looks like we’ve intruded on your evening.
”
Heading into the dining room, Stella observed a table adorned with sumptuous food and flickering candlelight-evidently, a considerate gesture from Matthew.
She felt a twinge of embarrassment for not giving Matthew a heads-up and failing to acknowledge his considerate gesture.
Matthew gestured for her to sit and urged, “Take a seat and dig in.
No need to dilly-dally.
”
With a nonchalant shrug and a playful grin, Neville settled into his chair.
As the four sat down, Neville’s playful demeanor shifted, and he asked seriously, “What’s the scoop on Prosperity Group these days?”
Matthew responded with indifference, “The collaboration with Evans Group is off, and I could use your assistance moving forward.
”
Pierce Group had strong connections with the prospective collaborator, and Neville’s help could grease the wheels for a smoother partnership.
“No problem.
” Neville agreed promptly, but a subtle change in his expression didn’t escape Matthew’s keen senses.
Matthew bit his lip but opted to keep quiet.
As dinner neared its end, Neville stood up and suggested, “I’ll go grab a bottle of wine.
We’re all here, so we should drink.
”
He headed to the wine cellar, and Matthew rose to tag along, saying casually, “I’ll give him a hand.
”
###chapter1108
Once the two men departed, Stella leaned in towards Miley, whispering, “How’s everything between you and Neville these days?”
Stella anticipated Miley’s response to be filled with joy, but her friend’s demeanor was unexpectedly calm.
“No progress,” Miley said blankly, her voice flat and dull.
Stella’s brows knitted together.
“What’s wrong? Things not going smoothly?”
Gazing at her plate, Miley shook her head and set down her fork after a brief pause.
A hint of distress crept into her voice as she said, “I’ve barely spent any time with Neville lately.
Initially, it was due to my hectic work schedule, and we couldn’t sync our timings.
But recently, even though I’ve wrapped up most of my work and have more free time, Neville is always busy.
He insists I shouldn’t visit him at his office.
”
Detecting Miley’s melancholy, Stella’s frown deepened.
After thinking for a moment, she ventured a guess.
“Could it be that Neville is cheating?”
Neville, known as a playboy, always sparked skepticism in Stella.
Doubting his inclination to settle down with one woman, Stella worried that Miley might end up getting hurt.
But as an outsider, she couldn’t intervene.
“I don’t know,” Miley admitted with a lost expression.
In their encounters, Neville proved remarkably attentive and caring, a stark contrast to any hint of waning interest.
“I’m just puzzled; I can’t fathom what he’s truly thinking.
” She sighed, a bitter smile fleeting across her face.
Offering solace, Stella suggested, “How about I inquire about Neville from Matthew?”
“No thanks.
” Miley declined, shaking her head.
“It’s between Neville and me; we’ll figure it out ourselves.
You and Matthew have your share of troubles.
No need to worry about me.
”
With that, Miley gave Stella a reassuring smile.
Stella’s heart broke at her friend’s sad smile.
Despite wanting to help, she respected Miley’s wish not to interfere.
Meanwhile, Neville, standing at the wine cellar entrance, irritably pulled out a cigarette and took a drag.
No sooner had he inhaled than his phone began to ring.
Frowning at the name displayed on the screen, Neville hesitated for a few seconds before answering.
“I don’t want to date that woman.
Stop it,” he asserted.
His mother, resolute on the other end, replied, “I can introduce you to others if you don’t like this girl.
But Miley is out of the question.
I don’t like her.
”
###chapter1109
Adjusting his tie, he took a drag from his cigarette, but the frustration lingered in his chest.
“Weren’t you choosing wine here?” Walking up, Matthew noticed the cigarette and frowned.
“Since when did you start smoking? Anything bothering you?”
Neville turned to face his best friend.
He had much to share but swallowed his words, stopping himself.
Halting his smoking, Neville sighed.
“It’s nothing.
My family is pushing me to get married.
”
Matthew, puzzled, replied, “Aren’t you genuinely fond of Miley? Just take her home.
”
Neville answered, “It’s not the right time.
I’m going to get the wine.
”
He turned to leave, but Matthew caught his arm in a firm grip.
With an intense gaze, Matthew stated, “You’re hiding something from me.
”
Neville’s face stiffened, then he shrugged it off, reverting to his carefree demeanor.
“You’re overthinking it.
What could possibly be wrong with me?”
He pulled away and entered the wine cellar, selecting two bottles.
Seeing Matthew still scrutinizing him, Neville hastily added, “I came specifically for supper with you.
Let’s not talk about it.
”
Knowing Neville’s nature, Matthew didn’t press further but couldn’t shake off a twinge of concern.
Neville stood at the dining room’s entrance for a moment before he took a deep breath, and walked in, sporting a smile.
He walked towards Miley with the bottles of wine in hand.
“I’ve got the best wine from Matthew’s cellar for you, my love.
Tonight we must enjoy it.
”
He took the bottle opener from one of the cabinets.
“Finally! I get to try Matthew’s fine wine,” Miley said as she winked at Stella.
At that moment, Matthew walked in.
Neville poured the red wine into a decanter and returned to the dining table.
He poured wine in each glass.
###chapter1110
Miley’s eyes lit up as she took a small sip.
She turned to Matthew with wide eyes.
“It’s amazing!”
Matthew only gave a nod in response.
After a few sips, Miley put down her glass.
On the other hand, Neville was gulping down one glass after the other.
He had finished half of the bottle.
“You’re going to get drunk.
You should stop,” Miley warned.
Neville continued as if she hadn’t said anything.
Too tired to keep pestering him, Miley gave up.
Neville had almost finished the whole bottle when Matthew spoke up.
“You’ve had enough, Neville.
Go home.
”
Matthew snatched the wine bottle from Neville before turning to Miley.
“I’ll have my bodyguards take you back.
You’re going to have to take care of Neville.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew wanted to give Neville and Miley a chance to talk.
He guessed Neville was being weird because of her.
Stella instructed one of the bodyguards to get the car ready while Matthew helped Neville get on his feet.
Matthew dragged Neville to the car and shoved him inside.
Miley quickly said goodbye to Stella and got in.
Stella watched as the car disappeared into the distance.
Once the car was out of sight, Stella turned to Matthew with a worried look.
“Neville seems troubled.
Miley said he’s been acting weird lately.
Do you know what’s wrong with him?”
Matthew stared at the empty road for a while, then placed his hand on Stella’s shoulder.
“He’ll talk once he’s ready.
I’m sure things would work out fine.
They’re adults anyway.
”
In the car, Miley looked at Neville, who was drunk and disheveled.
She was feeling very distressed and worried.
Having spent some time with Neville, she could tell that he was upset.
But he always preferred to drink it all away rather than talking and relying on her.
###chapter1111
She couldn’t help overthinking because of it.
Did he actually love her?
“No, I’m not going back.
Let me out,” Neville suddenly murmured, bringing her back to reality.
He leaned closer to the door and attempted opening it.
Startled, Miley yelled, “What are you doing? You don’t want to go home? Where do you want to go then?”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Anywhere but there…” Neville closed eyes as he spoke.
“Miley, I don’t want to go home.
Don’t take me back, please.
”
Miley’s heart softened.
She bit her lower lip in contemplation.
After a few seconds, , she finally decided and instructed the bodyguard to take them to her place.
Soon, they arrived at Miley’s place.
The bodyguards assisted Miley in taking Neville in.
The bodyguards placed him on her bed and then left.
Miley went down to her kitchen to fetch a glass of water for him.
When she returned to the room, Neville was lying quietly, his cheeks were flushed and he had an uneasy look on his face.
Miley put the glass on the side table and gently shoved him.
“Neville, you have to wake up.
Drink some water.
”
Neville cut her off by grabbing her wrist.
His eyes were half open as he spoke softly.
“Don’t leave me, Miley.
”
“I’m not leaving.
But you have to let go so I can…”
Miley was cut off again, but this time she was pulled onto the bed.
Neville hovered over her, knees placed on either side of her.
The room was bathed in bright light, and Miley gazed at Neville with a mix of surprise and racing heartbeats.
His unexpected move caught her off guard.
The scent of alcohol clung to him.
He was drunk, which explained his impulsiveness.
It had been almost two months since Miley and Neville became a couple, and they hadn’t been intimate during that time.
Early in their relationship, Neville had expressed his desire for more, but Miley had hesitated.
Unsure of his sincerity and fearing it might be a passing fancy, she had declined.
###chapter1112
After that, the topic was never broached again-until now.
Lost in contemplation, Miley was suddenly swept away by Neville’s ki*s.
She felt his dominance as he passionately explored her mouth.
It was as if she, too, were under the influence of some intoxicating force.
Tilting her head back, she endured his ki*ses.
Neville’s Lips traveled from her earlobe to the tender skin of her neck, his deep voice echoing with sensuality.
“Miley, don’t leave me…”
“I won’t leave you…” Miley moaned lightly, tickled by his ki*ses.
The room grew warmer, the heat rising swiftly.
Neville gently took hold of both of Miley’s hands, securing them above her head.
His lips left hers, moving to the tender spot behind her ear.
His deep breaths poured into her ear.
Sparks of desire flared as his hands roamed.
Miley felt like the air in her chest was vanishing, her breaths becoming heavier with each touch.
Suddenly, Neville halted his actions.
His bloodshot eyes met Miley’s, her collar slightly open, and desire evident in her eyes.
Their noses touched, and their heated breaths intertwined.
Confused, Miley looked at Neville.
Neville looked away.
“I’m sorry.
I’ve had too much to drink.
”
He released her hands, stood up, and covered her with a blanket.
Miley sat up, supported by her arms, a profound sense of loss filling her.
Her smile was bitter.
“It’s okay.
”
Seemingly oblivious to the desolation in her voice, Neville grabbed his suit jacket and spoke without looking back.
“I’ll leave.
You get some rest now.
”
He shut the door firmly behind him and walked away.
Miley gazed at the closed door, sinking into the bed, her arms wrapped around her knees.
She buried her face, tears streaming down silently.
###chapter1113
A feeling gnawed at her; Neville was keeping something from her, unwilling to open up.
Was the passion over? Or had he decided to abandon her?
Miley’s heart ached.
Neville strode out the door, reaching the entrance of Prosper Bay.
Annoyed, he yanked off his tie and pulled out a cigarette case, igniting a smoke.
The brisk wind sobered him, bringing clarity to his thoughts.
Once Neville sobered up, a flood of thoughts overwhelmed him.
The Pierce family desperately needed a strategic alliance through marriage, and his mother had identified a suitable match.
Remarkably, the girl had also expressed interest in him.
If this marriage could be arranged, it would significantly bolster the Pierce family’s status.
On the flip side, failure to facilitate this union would not only prevent the Pierce family from supporting Prosperity Group in the manufacturing industry but would also result in the loss of their most skilled assistant.
This was a matter Neville’s parents had been pressing him about lately, dreading the decline of the Pierce family.
Feeling frustrated and agitated, Neville had pondered the situation for a while, going through three cigarettes in the process.
As he gazed back at the lit villa, he noticed that the light in Miley’s room was still lit.
He couldn’t shake the memory of Miley’s distressed expression.
Despite his growing frustration, Neville couldn’t afford to waver any longer.
A quick decision was imperative.
In that moment, the helplessness of life and the agony of being unable to resist reality became painfully clear to Neville.
On one of Seamarsh’s streets, Benny hid behind a wall to catch his breath.
He quietly peeked out to be certain the loan sharks had lost him.
He breathed a little easier when he didn’t see anyone following him.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Due to how fast he had been running, his prosthetic limb was aching, causing him to narrow his eyes in pain.
The thought that he had failed to take down Prosperity Group pissed him off.
He had successfully caused some trouble for Prosperity Group, but it didn’t last long and it didn’t cause any real damage.
His biggest fear was being caught by Matthew.
There wasn’t any way he could sell Prosperity Group’s shares he had.
He couldn’t liquidate them either to repay his debts.
Benny’s face darkened.
He regretted how merciful he was to Matthew back then.
Otherwise, Prosperity Group would have been his by now.
Benny clenched his fists as he realized he had missed his opportunity.
Now there was a huge gap between him and Prosperity Group.
All he could do was accept his failure and hope he’d get another chance.
###chapter1114
Benny cautiously checked if the coast was clear before running out onto the street.
Out of nowhere, a huge truck sped in his direction.
His pupils shrank as he quickly threw himself onto the opposite Lane.
The truck sped past him, leaving dust in its wake.
Benny was trying to catch his breath when the truck turned around and started heading in his direction again.
“For f@ck’s sake!” Benny began to run away from the truck.
He realized that it was impossible to outrun a truck, so he decided to take cover in the alleyways.
He ran into the nearest alleyway as quick as he could.
He could hear the truck pull over behind him.
He could hear the footsteps of one of the men who had come down from the truck.
“Come out, Benny Clifford! You can’t hide here forever.
” The man’s voice was cold and filled with warning.
“Matthew sent me.
You should come out if you want to live.
”
The man was getting closer by the minute.
Benny held his breath and prepared himself for a fight.
Just when it was as if there was no hope, someone suddenly grabbed his arm and dragged him into a nearby building.
He was pulled into one of the elevators.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once they were safe behind the elevator doors, Benny was finally able to see the person’s face.
His eyes widened in slight shock.
It was Flossie.
He had only met her once before.
He quickly hid his surprise before she looked at him.
He gave her a cold look.
“Why’d you save me? You barely even know me.
”
Flossie tried to steady her uneven breathing.
She looked up at him with a small smile.
“Me? I didn’t save you.
You’re just overthinking.
Besides, this is where I live.
There’s nothing wrong with inviting a friend up for a cup of coffee? Is there?”
Benny didn’t know what to say in response.
He stood in place, not moving a single muscle.
Flossie’s smile only grew wider as the elevator dinged signifying they had reached her floor.
The doors opened slowly.
Flossie got out first.
She turned back to look at Benny, who made no attempt to get out.
The doors began to close, and she placed her hand in between to stop it.
###chapter1115
“Come on.
You’re not getting out? What?
Afraid I’ll eat you?”
Benny’s gaze darkened.
“You can leave now.
”
Flossie let out a Light chuckle.
“Go down now and you’d probably die.
This is really how you want to meet your end?”
Flossie was able to catch the surprise on his face due to how close they were.
“I know who you are.
”
His glare hardened as he stared down at her.
He yanked his arm out of her hold.
“We have nothing more to discuss then.
”
He was about to press the elevator button, but Flossie grabbed his hand and stopped him.
Benny’s frown deepened.
“What do you want?”
Flossie didn’t back down.
“Tell me what’s going on.
I could help.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Benny couldn’t help but Laugh when he heard Flossie’s words, his eyes filled with a mocking glint.
“Nobody can help me,” he declared.
He craved revenge, yet challenging the mighty Clark family all by himself seemed like a direct path to his own downfall.
He knew well the risks and the aftermath of such a bold move.
As for Flossie…
Benny eyed her closely.
They weren’t related, nor did they have any obligations to each other.
How could she possibly offer help against the powerful Clark family?
“I appreciate your help today.
But let’s not cross paths again,” he said firmly.
Yet, Flossie’s response was a shake of her head, her eyes determined yet soft.
###chapter1116
“How can you be so sure I can’t help if you don’t even tell me about it? Maybe I could actually lend you a hand if you opened up about what’s bothering you.
”
She understood that Benny had been isolated for too long and probably had a lot on his mind he wanted to get off his chest.
For some reason, she felt compelled to offer her assistance.
Benny, looking at her, felt a strange warmth in his heart.
After a brief pause, he asked in a gentle tone, “Do you have any alcohol at your place? Do you mind if I come over for a drink?”
Flossie gave a nod without thinking.
“Yeah, of course.
”
With those words, she stepped out of the elevator, Benny trailing behind.
Since becoming a star, Flossie had left her old place and bought a villa in the suburbs.
But for work’s sake, she also kept an apartment in the city center.
“Make yourself comfortable on the couch.
I’ll grab some wine,” she offered, dropping her bag on the table before heading to the kitchen.
Benny glanced around the room, then quietly sat down on the sofa.
Returning with a bottle of wine and two glasses, Flossie sat a little distance from Benny and poured him a drink, handing it over.
Benny raised the glass to his lips and downed the wine in one go.
Flossie hesitated for a moment, then kept quiet and refilled his glass.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a few more glasses, Benny’s thoughts began to blur, and he started reminiscing about his time with Evelyn.
He and Evelyn had first met in a restaurant where she was waitressing.
“I got wrongly accused of stealing, and she was there to back me up…”
Benny paused, his expression softening.
Back then, Evelyn was the only one who stood by him, defending him.
It could have been then that he started falling for her, though he didn’t realize it at the time.
He had wanted to thank Evelyn with a meal, but she turned him down, suggesting a bouquet of flowers instead.
From that day, Benny made it a point to visit Evelyn’s restaurant whenever he could, always bringing flowers.
While Evelyn was busy working and couldn’t chat, Benny found joy just in watching her.
He adored her light, flaxen hair and the cute dimples that appeared whenever she smiled his way.
###chapter1117
Before long, they were deeply in love.
“I was involved with some shady group.
I was worried about Evelyn’s safety, so I asked her to leave her job and stay with me.
She agreed…”
Benny’s voice was heavy with emotion.
He had kept his real circumstances from Evelyn, not wanting to cause her worry.
Yet, with his frequent injuries, she couldn’t help but suspect something.
She suggested he quit his risky activities.
Benny longed to give her a tranquil life.
He promised her that after one last project, he’d take her and his mother away from it all.
Evelyn’s dream was to return to her hometown, Seamarsh.
“I swore I’d take her back,” Benny said, his face growing pale.
His hand, holding a wine glass, started to shake.
“Then, on the day of the deal…”
Evelyn expressed her unease to Benny, insisting on joining him before they left.
Benny, thinking there was no risk, agreed to her request.
Unfortunately, they were ambushed on their journey.
He urged Evelyn to escape first, but she wouldn’t leave.
In a hoarse voice, Benny continued, “She broke away from me, shielding me with her body.
I could only stand there, powerless, as she collapsed.
Even in her final moments, she thought of me, telling me to run and not worry about her…”
The details of the ensuing chaos were unclear to him.
Right after Evelyn professed her love, gunfire erupted.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Surviving the nightmarish ordeal, Benny discovered Evelyn’s body, recognizable only by the bracelet on her wrist.
In the aftermath of Evelyn’s cremation, Benny contemplated taking his own life.
He ultimately decided to live on, honoring his mother and Evelyn’s last wishes.
“It should’ve been me!” Benny set down his wine glass and held his head in his hands.
Flossie, having heard his story, was moved to tears.
She reached out, grasping Benny’s shaking hands, comforting him.
“You shouldn’t blame yourself.
They wouldn’t want you burdened with guilt.
I’m here for you, and I’ll help you through this.
”
At Prosper Bay, the bedroom was engulfed in silence until a cell phone’s sudden buzz shattered it.
Stella, with a frown, snuggled deeper into Matthew’s embrace and mumbled, “Who’s calling this early?”
###chapter1118
Matthew caressed her head gently and whispered, “Just sleep.
I’ll see who it is.
”
He reached for the phone, his face growing serious at the sight of the caller ID.
As the call connected, the caller’s words made Matthew’s frown deepen.
“I see,” he replied quietly and hung up.
He glanced at Stella, tucked her in, and got out of bed to dress.
His careful movements didn’t stop the call from waking Stella, her drowsiness fading.
Sitting up, she asked, “What’s the rush?”
Buttoning his shirt cuffs, Matthew answered, “They found Benny.
I have to head to the office.
”
He approached Stella, ki*sed her forehead, and murmured, “We can’t ignore Benny.
If we don’t handle this now, it could lead to bigger trouble.
”
Stella’s expression turned serious.
“It’s early.
Don’t worry about this.
Get some more rest.
Later, the bodyguard will take you to the set,” Matthew reassured her.
Stella shook her head, casting off the blanket and rising to her feet.
“I’m done trying to sleep.
There’s a scene today, and I designed the costumes.
I’ve got to be there early to set things up.
”
Matthew was brief in response.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
They swiftly finished packing.
As Matthew departed, Stella cautioned him to take care, and then she made her way to the set.
It was still early, so only a few crew members were there setting things up; most hadn’t arrived yet.
Heading towards the costume room, Stella caught sight of Luka.
He was seated in the same place they first met, engrossed in the script.
Despite knowing Luka’s personality, seeing him so peaceful again surprised Stella.
In his silence, Luka embodied calmness and grace, sitting there like a figure in a painting, reminiscent of Farris.
Remembering their initial unpleasant encounter, Stella didn’t stop and was about to walk away.
But then, Luka suddenly looked up.
Stella’s discomfort was clear as their eyes met.
She thought about leaving, but Luka stood up and approached her.
Stella felt obliged to say something.
“Good morning…
###chapter1119
Luka gazed at her with a teasing smirk.
“Mrs.
Clark, you’re here so early.
Don’t you have to make breakfast for your husband? Isn’t that what wealthy wives do?”
His voice dripped with mockery and sarcasm.
Stella was used to such situations and didn’t take offense.
She responded with a polite smile, “I arrived early today to get the costumes ready for the important scene.
I won’t interrupt your script reading.
See you Later.
”
“Hold on a moment,” Luka called after her.
“I’d like to see my costume first.
”
Stella was surprised by his request.
Luka asked impatiently, “Is it a problem for me to check out my costume beforehand? Don’t you have faith in your design? Otherwise, you might as well head home early and take care of your husband’s chores.
”
Internally rolling her eyes but maintaining her smile, Stella replied, “Sure, you can check it.
”
She led him to the costume room and unveiled a suede trench coat with brown eagle wings on the shoulders, looking quite majestic.
Luka’s face remained expressionless.
Casually, he requested, “Help me put it on.
”
Stella hesitated briefly, trying not to show her annoyance, and then she carefully removed the trench coat.
It was a heavy, well-made coat, feeling substantial in her hands.
Because Luka was tall and strong, Stella struggled slightly to help him into it, and soon, a thin layer of sweat formed on her forehead.
As she adjusted the coat, she reminded him, “This is suede, so be
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
careful.
Keep it dry, or it’ll be a hassle.
We need it for more scenes.
”
They were quite close to each other, and Luka caught a whiff of Stella’s scent.
It was fresh and subtly sweet.
He felt a stir of emotion.
Maybe she wasn’t as useless as he had thought.
Ashley, with her assistant following her, was on her way to the break room.
As she passed the costume room, she saw Stella helping Luka with his outfit.
Their close interaction and Luka’s gentle look made Ashley feel even more upset.
She had hoped to use her moments with Luka in this film to grab the audience’s attention and boost her own fame.
Yet, Luka barely interacted with her, only as much as the film required.
Her efforts to get closer to him were met with his distant attitude.
###chapter1120
The more Ashley thought about it, the more frustrated she became.
Unable to hold back, she called out, “Stella!”
Stella looked up, saw Ashley, and asked with a smile, “Ashley, did you need something?”
Trying to keep her anger in check, Ashley replied softly, “Come here, I need some help.
”
Stella excused herself from Luka and quickly went to Ashley.
“What’s up?”
With a slight raise of her eyebrow, Ashley said, “I heard you’re into design.
I have a bracelet for the next scene, but its diamond is loose.
Can you check it out?”
Her request was polite and her smile so friendly that Stella couldn’t say no.
Stella nodded, but mentioned, “I mainly work on clothes, though.
Jewelry’s not really my thing.
I’m not sure I can fix it.
”
“That’s a bit of a problem,” Ashley said cheerfully.
“But you’re more skilled than me in this stuff.
Please, could you give it a try?”
Stella hesitated, feeling it’d be impolite to say no.
Ashley guided her to a spot on the set, offering her a bracelet.
“I could use your help with this.
”
“Let me have a look,” Stella responded, reaching for it.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
But in a blink, the bracelet slipped from their hands.
The diamond popped out, skipped once, and plunged into the nearby pool, causing a small splash.
The whole thing happened so fast, Stella couldn’t react before a sharp voice cut through the air.
“Oh no! Stella, what did you just do?” Ashley’s assistant, Mila, was quick to blame Stella.
“That’s a sponsored bracelet.
What are we going to do now? Can you cover the cost?”
“Mila, stop!” Ashley pretended to be upset and rebuked her, then turned to Stella with a reassuring smile.
“It’s my fault, really.
I didn’t hold it properly.
Don’t blame Stella.
”
But Mila wasn’t convinced.
“I saw everything.
Stella missed it!
###chapter1121
Ashley, you’re too soft.
Are we going to let this slide? That bracelet’s costly.
What if it’s ruined?”
“Mila, enough.
” Ashley interrupted her, then reassured Stella.
“Ignore Mila.
It’s not as big a deal as she’s saying.
”
Upon hearing Ashley’s words, Stella’s guilt deepened.
“I’m sorry.
It’s on me for missing that.
” She cast a look towards the swimming pool.
“I’ll dive in and grab the diamond.
”
“No, don’t…” Ashley gestured with a wave of her hand.
“We should let the staff handle it.
”
With everyone around busy, Stella shook her head.
“No worries.
I can handle it.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Although Ashley didn’t argue, her voice carried a hint of worry.
“I’m sorry.
If I had known, I wouldn’t have involved you.
This is my mistake.
”
“Ashley, don’t be hard on yourself.
It’s her mistake,” Mila interjected, pointing the finger at Stella.
Standing at the pool’s edge, Stella felt a chill even before touching the water.
Biting her lip, she removed her jacket, taking a deep breath to steel herself.
Suddenly, a deep voice cut through the air.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“No need for you to jump in!”
Stella stopped and turned around.
Luka walked up, casting a quick glance at her before looking at Ashley.
“It’s really cold today.
You shouldn’t make Stella get in the pool.
”
Luka wore a coat designed by Stella, which made him look incredibly sharp and impressive.
Ashley couldn’t take her eyes off him, only snapping out of it when Mila nudged her.
“Luka…” Her voice was gentle and sweet.
“I didn’t mean to push Stella.
I even told her not to go in.
But the bracelet is really important.
I promised the sponsor it’d be in the play.
If not, I’d owe them a lot.
”
###chapter1122
She turned to Stella with a sorry look.
“You don’t have to go in, Stella.
I’ll figure something else out.
”
“It’s fine.
I’ll get the diamond,” Stella replied casually.
“Don’t,” Luka quickly said, stopping her.
“You don’t need to go in.
It’s too cold.
”
He took off his coat, handed it to Stella, and then jumped into the pool in just his shirt.
“Ah!” Ashley gasped, covering her mouth in shock.
Surprised by Luka’s action, Stella stood by the pool, shouting, “Luka, get out! We’re about to start filming.
”
Luka never appeared and continued his search in the pool.
He soon found the diamond underwater and got out.
His agent rushed over, wrapping him in a bath towel.
“What in the world are you doing? Look at you, all made up and now soaking wet! It’s freezing out here.
You could catch a cold.
”
Luka just shot him a displeased look, and the agent fell silent.
Stella was stunned.
Suddenly, they heard Luther’s angry voice.
“Who let Luka jump into the pool?” Luther demanded furiously.
“We have an important scene to shoot soon.
Do you get it?”
Ashley was scared of Luther.
She looked down, trying to avoid his stare, and said meekly, “It was just a little mishap.
”
“Here’s the diamond,” Luka said, his voice sharp.
He handed the diamond to her.
Ashley was too frightened to think straight.
She took the diamond carefully and thanked him.
“Thanks, Luka.
”
“Someone get Luka’s makeup fixed, quick! And his costume, is it okay?”
Luther quickly got everything in order.
Alina, who had been quiet beside him, suddenly said, “Hold on a second.
”
Narrowing her eyes, she looked at Ashley with suspicion.
“This doesn’t look like an accident.
The bracelet is a high-end brand and was going to be used in the shoot, right? Shouldn’t it have been thoroughly inspected? How could it have such a big problem Like a loose diamond? Is the brand trying to ruin its own name?”
Alina’s accusation made Ashley’s heart race.
The truth was, the bracelet was fine.
Ashley had tampered with the diamond to create trouble for Stella.
Visibly nervous, Ashley stuttered, “I… I’m not sure, but the diamond seemed loose when I got the bracelet, so I asked Stella to check it.
”
“Is that so?” Alina didn’t buy it.
Though Ashley tried to sound firm, her face betrayed her guilt.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Familiar with these petty tricks, Alina was fed up.
“We have cameras here.
Let’s look into this thoroughly,” Alina proposed, after eyeing Ashley and turning to Luther.
“And if we find the culprit, they should be kicked off the set.
”
Luther, who despised conflict and plotting, quickly agreed.
“Review the footage immediately.
”
Ashley’s face went pale.
She was in a panic, realizing that the cameras would expose her.
This film was crucial for her career in show business.
“Wait…” She finally decided to come clean.
“I did it.
I set Stella up on purpose.
”
###chapter1123
Stella was surprised to learn Ashley had set her up.
They’d never had any trouble before.
“Why did you do this?” she asked bluntly.
Glaring at Stella’s unsuspecting expression, Ashley grew even angrier.
She blamed Stella for the mess.
“I like Luka.
You’re always around him, and it annoys me.
I can’t stand how close you two are!” Ashley shouted, overcome with emotion.
Stella found this absurd.
She looked stern and said firmly, “My interactions with Luka are strictly professional.
I treat all actors equally.
Please don’t jump to conclusions.
”
Luka, listening, bit his lip.
His face showed mixed feelings.
He knew Stella was right, yet he felt upset.
With a stern gaze at Ashley, Alina said, “You’ve confessed.
No need to review the CCTV.
Now, say sorry to Stella.
”
Ashley’s eyes went wide, incredulous.
“What? You won’t apologize?” Alina raised her eyebrows.
“Then let’s do what we agreed on earlier.
”
She was about to suggest removing Ashley from her role when Ashley quickly interrupted, her voice loud and clear.
“I’m sorry.
That was my mistake.
I promise it won’t happen again.
”
Stella observed without a hint of sympathy.
Clearly, Ashley had been pressured into apologizing.
Pausing for a moment, Stella declared, “You owe Luka an apology too.
We’re all part of the entertainment industry.
You must realize how your baseless comments today could harm his reputation.
And because of your wild guess, he ended up searching for the diamond in the water, which delayed our shoot.
”
Feeling the weight of everyone’s stare, Ashley quickly apologized, “I’m sorry.
” She wanted nothing more than to escape this humiliating situation.
With her apologies, Luther eased up on her.
He gave Ashley a cold glance, then addressed the crew.
“Let’s get moving.
Fix Luka’s makeup.
We’re starting the shoot right away.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The crew sprang into action.
After the incident, Stella’s view of Luka improved significantly.
She found herself thinking that if he weren’t so blunt, he could actually make a good friend.
In Prosperity Group, Matthew glanced up at Fernando, his voice low.
“Do you have any news on Benny’s whereabouts?”
Fernando shook his head, honest in his reply.
“Still no sign of him.
But we’ve learned he owes a chunk of change to some shady lenders.
My bet is he’s evading them too.
We’ve got our guys on it, though.
He can’t hide forever.
”
“Alright,” Matthew responded, his expression unchanging with no sign of ease.
“Step it up.
We need to corner Benny.
Force him out into the open as soon as possible.
”
For Matthew, finding Benny was priority number one.
“Got it.
I’ll get on that immediately,” Fernando said, eyeing Matthew’s stoic face.
###chapter1124
With that, he left the office, closing the door behind him.
Alone, Matthew’s gaze turned steely.
He mulled over his thoughts, then grabbed a folder beside him.
Inside were Fernando’s findings on Benny.
He sifted through the pages, hunting for any clue to Benny’s hideout, but came up short, nearly at the folder’s end.
Just as Matthew was about to give up, something caught his eye.
It was Evelyn’s address in Seamarsh.
His brow furrowed.
That area was set for demolition.
Setting the folder down, Matthew picked up the phone and dialed Fernando.
“Check Evelyn’s place right now.
Benny might head there.
”
Luka finished up his work quickly on set, allowing Stella to wrap up her day earlier than expected.
As she was getting ready to leave, she felt a tap on her shoulder.
Turning around, she saw Luka standing there, gazing down at her.
“Can you give me a ride back?” he asked in a soft yet firm tone.
Stella was taken aback.
She suspected Luka was up to his usual antics and declined.
“Sorry, I’ve got to rush home for something important.
”
But Luka didn’t seem bothered.
In a calm voice, he said, “I was in the water today and I’m feeling quite chilled.
I might even be getting sick.
I’ve helped you out before, right? Are you just going to leave me hanging?”
Hearing his reasoning, Stella found it hard to refuse.
She gave a small nod.
“Alright.
”
As they reached the entrance of the set, Luka’s agent pulled up in a c
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
ar Stella’s brow furrowed in confusion, but Luka quickly clarified, “My agent has to discuss scheduling with our partners.
I’m not feeling well, so we might need to delay some filming.
”
This made Stella feel even more responsible for potentially holding up his work.
The agent handed the car keys to Luka and left the site.
“Let’s go.
” Luka handed the car keys to Stella and started walking.
Stella hesitated for a bit, then hurried after him.
Just then, she heard someone call her from behind.
Turning around, Stella saw Matthew and was taken aback.
“Why are you here?”
she asked, surprised.
Matthew didn’t reply.
He just eyed Luka briefly before turning his gaze to Stella.
“Where are you two headed?”
“I had an accident at the filming today, and Luka lent me a hand.
He’s not feeling great, so I’m dropping him off at his place,” Stella explained hurriedly.
###chapter1125
Use my car.
I’ll drive him.
”
Stella was momentarily speechless.
Luka quickly accepted.
“Okay, thanks.
”
They all climbed into Matthew’s car.
Stella took the front passenger seat, Luka sat in the back.
The car was filled with an awkward silence.
Stella tried to think of something to say but couldn’t find the right words.
Breaking the silence, Luka commented with a grin, “Mr.
Clark, you’re lucky to have such a wonderful wife.
She’s great at her job, too.
”
Matthew glanced at Luka in the rearview mirror, then quickly looked away.
Turning to Stella, he smiled.
“Yes, Stella is indeed the perfect wife.
”
“And you should take good care of her.
” Luka grinned slyly.
“If you don’t take care of her well, some other guy might swoop in and steal her away.
”
“You’re overthinking it,” Matthew replied, his voice calm yet unsettling in a way.
Overhearing their exchange, Stella felt oddly nervous without knowing why.
Finally, after a grueling trip, they dropped Luka off.
Just as Stella was about to relax, Luka tapped on her car window and said, “See you tomorrow.
”
She froze for a moment, then nervously nodded.
“Oh… Okay.
”
Luka stepped back, gave her a significant look, and waved goodbye.
Matthew sped off.
Inside the car, Stella sensed Matthew’s mood was off, but couldn’t figure out why he seemed upse
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
t.
They both remained quiet.
Arriving at Prosper Bay, they entered the house one after the other.
As Stella was about to ask what was bothering him, Matthew spun around, pinned her against the wall, and murmured, “I’m a bit jealous.
”
Stella was taken aback.
Realizing his implication, she smiled and reassured him, “Luka and I are just business partners.
”
Matthew’s brow furrowed, expressing his dissatisfaction.
“You’re with him all day for work, spending more time with him than with me.
”
Stella was taken aback by Matthew’s unexpectedly childish words, finding them almost amusing.
She blinked, stood on her toes, and ki*sed his cheek.
“Does that help calm you down?” she asked playfully.
Matthew felt like he should scold her, but her ki*s softened his resolve, melting away his irritation.
Seizing the moment, he wrapped his arms around her, leaned in, and ki*sed her passionately.
###chapter1126
tella’s heart raced.
When he finally released her, she looked at him, her expression dreamy and lost.
“Can we do it tonight?” Matthew’s voice was low and rough.
Stella blushed deeply and looked down, too shy to respond.
Taking her silence as agreement, Matthew was overjoyed.
He lifted her in his arms and hurried upstairs.
In the bedroom, Stella clung tightly to him, feeling the strength of his back.
They were intimate repeatedly throughout the night.
Eventually, overwhelmed, she softly pleaded for him to stop.
“Stella…” In a daze, she faintly heard his hoarse voice.
“I’ll never betray you.
We’ll always be together.
”
Lilji was a small town on the south of Seamarsh.
Benny found a temporary residence.
That evening, following his conversation with Flossie, he had requested her to arrange his stay here.
Lilji was more than just a place to him.
It was a reservoir of past memories, each echoing in his mind.
He was racing against time, needing to settle some unfinished business before Matthew could track him down.
Perched on the sofa, Benny’s posture was rigid, his lean figure casting an imposing silhouette.
His lips, thin and firmly.
pressed_ together, complemented his strikingly cold, handsome features.
While he was lost in thoughts about how to handle the situation with Matthew, his phone’s sudden ring broke the silence.
The caller was unknown.
Benny, eyeing the screen, felt no urge to answer.
The phone ceased ringing briefly, only to start again seconds later.
Whoever was on the other end seemed determined, unwilling to relent until the call was answered.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a moment of contemplation, Benny relented and pressed the answer button, choosing silence over words, waiting for the caller to break the ice.
A woman’s voice emerged from the other end, brisk and to the point.
“I’m Leslie.
”
At the mention of her name, Benny’s expression tightened, and it took him a few moments to remember her.
She was the woman he had met at a bar recently.
Leslie was a part of his plan, a pawn intended to drive a wedge between Matthew and Stella.
But subsequent events had nearly derailed his initial strategy, leaving Benny still searching for an opportunity to act.
“Is that you, Benny?” Leslie’s voice cut through Benny’s thoughts.
“Yeah, what’s up?” he answered in a casual tone.
Leslie, slightly soothed by his familiar, raspy voice, pressed on, “You promised to help me, remember? How could you go back on your word? Stella’s meeting my dad for therapy tomorrow.
Matthew will be free then.
It’s the perfect chance.
You have to help me.
”
Her patience was wearing thin.
Leslie was still fuming over Stella’s smugness that night.
It had kept her awake for nights.
###chapter1127
Benny, tired of hiding, pondered for a moment and replied, “Find someone to distract Stella first.
I’ll use her to draw Matthew out.
”
“Fine,” Leslie replied eagerly.
“Help me get Matthew, and I’ll make sure you’re rewarded.
”
Benny didn’t waver.
He needed the money.
If Leslie could clear his debts and he could handle Matthew, his life might finally get easier.
“After you’re done with Stella, meet me at Lilji,” he said firmly.
The next morning, as soon as Matthew got to the office, he got a call from Benny.
Benny got straight to the point.
“Stella’s with me.
”
Matthew tensed, his voice icy.
“Where are you?”
Benny gave him an address.
“Come alone.
If you do, I’ll stop seeking revenge, return Stella, and Leave Seamarsh.
”
“Alright,” Matthew agreed.
After the call, he paused, then dialed Stella’s number.
She was supposed to meet Mateo for therapy today, but she hadn’t asked him for a ride.
He doubted Benny’s words, yet there was a certainty in Benny’s voice that unnerved him.
The phone rang on and on.
Matthew glanced at his watch, his brow furrowing.
Stella should be at Mateo’s by now.
Maybe she’d started therapy and silenced her phone.
He was about to call Mateo when his phone rang.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It was Mateo.
A sense of dread washed over him.
Answering, he heard Mateo’s voice.
“Mrs.
Clark hasn’t arrived.
Is she delayed?”
“She’s not coming today,” Matthew replied, his tone flat.
He stood, his face expressionless.
Matthew raced to Lilji, pulling up at the address Benny had given him.
The building before him was clearly old and neglected.
He stepped out of his car, his expression sour, and slammed the door behind him.
Finding the door slightly open, Matthew pushed his way in.
A peculiar scent wafted through the air, making him instinctively cover his nose.
The first floor was deserted.
He quickly called Benny.
“I’ve arrived.
Where are you?”
###chapter1128
“Upstairs.
” Benny’s brief response came.
Matthew hung up and climbed the stairs.
The second floor was as run-down as the first, not looking like anyone’s home.
Benny was already there, waiting.
He sat with a glass of red wine in hand, giving Matthew an indifferent look.
“You’re right on time, Matthew.
You’re always punctual, I see.
”
Matthew wasn’t in the mood for small talk.
“Where’s Stella?”
“Relax, take a seat first,” Benny said, a slight smile on his face as he stared at Matthew.
“We didn’t get to chat last time.
I’ve got wine ready.
Let’s have a drink, my dear brother.
”
“Where’s Stella?” Matthew repeated, his voice low.
“Don’t worry.
She’s safe.
” Benny smiled.
“But if you rush things, I’m not sure she’ll be okay.
”
His tone carried a hint of menace.
Matthew felt compelled to comply to ensure Stella’s safety.
He took a seat.
“What do you want to say?”
“Ah, the impatience of youth is unbelievable.
” Benny, smiling slightly, poured Matthew a glass of wine and glanced around.
“Do you recognize this place?”
“Yes,” Matthew replied coldly.
“I did some research before coming.
”
“It’s my fiancee’s house.
” Benny’s gaze hardened.
“Tragically, she passed away before I accomplished anything.
She never even made it back here.
”
He finished his glass in one gulp and gestured for Matthew to drink too.
Matthew didn’t hesitate.
He drank quickly.
“Done.
Now, where’s Stella?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’ve told you not to be in a hurry.
” Benny filled Matthew’s glass again, still smiling.
“We have more to talk about.
”
Matthew eyed Benny refilling the glass and his frown deepened.
Benny set the bottle down, his eyes darkening.
“Do you know about Evelyn’s death?”
He looked at Matthew.
“She was shot.
”
Matthew stayed quiet, hoping the conversation would end quickly so he could see Stella soon.
Without waiting for Matthew’s response, Benny continued, “They plan to demolish this house.
I called you here today to ask for your help in saving it from being torn down.
”
Matthew didn’t reply right away.
He took a sip of wine and smiled.
“You’re alone.
How can you negotiate with me? Evelyn’s death isn’t my concern.
”
Benny’s expression changed, yet he kept his cool.
“I know I’m a problem for you.
Help me fix this, and I’ll leave Seamarsh.
I won’t bother the Clark family anymore.
And Stella? I’ll make sure she’s back with you, safe and sound.
”
###chapter1129
Matthew didn’t budge, a smirk on his face.
He scoffed internally, doubting Benny’s sincerity.
He knew Benny wouldn’t just walk away after causing so much trouble.
He asked with a chill in his voice, “What makes you think you can make deals with me? You took my wife and hurt my family.
How do you plan to fix all that?”
While speaking, Matthew suddenly felt a pounding headache and a wave of dizziness.
He shook his head, trying hard to stay focused.
Matthew’s reaction was subtle, but Benny caught it easily.
He let out a chuckle and said, “Remember, your wife’s life is in my control now.
Isn’t that reason enough? Or don’t you care about saving her?”
Then, stepping closer to Matthew, Benny whispered another chilling secret.
“If you refuse my condition, your wife will be blown to pieces.
”
“Benny!” Matthew’s voice was filled with rage.
In a swift motion, he stood up, grabbed Benny by the collar, and slammed him against the table.
“If you want revenge, come at me.
Leave her out of it!”
Benny’s smile didn’t waver.
“Agree to my terms, and I won’t hurt her.
After all, you’re my brother, and she’s my sister-in-law.
”
Matthew’s hands clenched into fists, but he suddenly felt a wave of dizziness.
His vision blurred, and his body wobbled.
He quickly glanced at the bottle on the table, but dismissed the thought.
Benny had just had the same wine earlier.
There was no way he could be drugged, yet Benny seemed perfectly clear-headed.
Then it hit Matthew.
The odd scent he noticed on the first floor must have been the drug.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He realized he must have been drugged then.
Something was definitely off about that scent.
Matthew tried to clear his head, but his hands were growing weaker by the second.
Benny pushed him away, fixed his collar, and gave a slight smile.
Seeing Benny’s alert expression, Matthew knew his hunch was right.
Fighting to stay conscious, he asked, “Why are you doing this?”
“Why?” Benny’s smile was full of scorn.
“I want revenge, of course! I can’t stand seeing you and your wife happy.
”
His eyes darkened as he continued, “Agree to one more thing, and I’ll leave you and Stella alone.
Otherwise, I’ll make your lives miserable.
”
Matthew asked, “What do you want?”
“Besides keeping Evelyn’s house, I want 30% of Prosperity Group’s shares,”
Benny said quietly, a hint of determination in his voice.
“I lost to you once, but I deserve this.
You have to give it to me!”
###chapter1130
He’d lost everything and refused to live a shattered life.
Revenge and power were his last stand.
Matthew, gasping and sweating, still managed to maintain his composure and dignity.
He knew he had to be strong.
Any sign of weakness could put Stella in more danger.
Matthew’s response was a mocking smile.
“In your dreams!”
Benny, unfazed, just smiled coldly.
“You’ll regret this.
”
Right after Benny spoke, Matthew heard a familiar voice.
“Matthew…”
He propped himself up and started searching for the source of the voice.
Then, a woman started walking his way.
Squinting, Matthew tried to make out who it was.
It looked like Stella, especially since she had on that light yellow dress this morning.
“Stella…” A grin spread across Matthew’s face, his usually resolute demeanor now slightly wavering.
Matthew’s consciousness started to fade, with only one thought lingering.
It was that Stella was there.
He weakly reached out, murmuring, “Stella, let’s go home.
”
His strength was slipping away, and he struggled to keep himself upright, leaning heavily on the table.
Collapsing back into his seat, he gasped for air and saw a woman reaching out to him.
As “Stella” helped him up, bringing them face-to-face, Matthew was hit by an unfamiliar scent that made him uneasy.
He soon realized this wasn’t Stella.
Repulsed, he pushed her hand away, muttering, “Don’t touch me!”
Yet, his voice was feeble, lacking any real threat.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Something was off with his body too.
A strange warmth was spreading through him, like being in an oven.
Glancing at his watch, Benny remarked to Leslie, “I’m leaving him in your hands.
Looking forward to hearing good news.
”
Gazing intently at Matthew, Leslie gave a timid nod.
Once Benny was gone, Leslie’s gaze on Matthew became more unscrupulously.
This was the man she’d longed for, and now they were finally close.
“Matthew…” Leslie approached him, her fingers trembling with excitement as she began to undo his tie.
“f@ck off.
Don’t touch me.
” Matthew’s voice was weak, a feeble attempt to resist, but he lacked the strength to push her away.
As Leslie loosened his tie, the expression on his face seemed distant and cold.
###chapter1131
She paused, refusing to proceed, her heart heavy with anxiety.
This was new territory for Leslie, and she was anxious about what might happen when Matthew regained his senses.
Yet, this moment was something she had longed for, something she’d dreamt about.
If she backed down now, she knew regret would haunt her.
This was her only chance.
Her eyes caught the wine bottle on the table.
In a swift motion, she grabbed it and finished off the remaining wine.
The alcohol gave her a burst of courage, fueling her determination to seize the moment she had yearned for.
The thought of Matthew’s possible anger later didn’t deter her.
She was willing to face any consequence, any harsh words, just to have this one moment with him.
She didn’t want much.
She just wanted to be with Matthew.
And for that, she was ready to endure anything.
“Matthew, I love you.
Ever since I first saw you, I’ve had feelings for you,”
Leslie said, gazing at Matthew with intense emotion.
“But why do you keep pushing me away? Do you think I’m not as good as Stella? I’d do anything for you, even the things she can’t.
”
Matthew’s brow creased deeply, his face flushed from the medication, but his troubled expression was unmistakable.
“Leslie!” Matthew roared, his patience wearing thin.
“Out of respect for your father, I’ll overlook your coming here tonight.
But if you keep this up, I won’t hold back!”
“Matthew,” Leslie said softly, her face showing a mix of pain and sadness.
“I can’t stop loving you.
I’m hopelessly in love with you, especially the way you speak so kindly.
”
She resolved to continue, slowly unbuttoning Matthew’s shirt.
“You’ll be mine after tonight.
”
Matthew tried to push her away, but the drug sapped his strength.
His attempts only fueled his growing desire.
Unseen by them, a camera hidden in the background was recording everything.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Benny stepped out of the house and made his way to a small wooden cabin at the back.
He swung the door open and there, tied to a chair with a bomb strapped to her, was Stella.
The bomb’s timer was ticking down, its sound echoing loudly in the silent room.
Stella, gagged with a cloth, whimpered and glared at Benny, her eyes filled with anger.
Benny, his face void of emotion, approached her and yanked the cloth from her mouth.
Stella, now free to speak, lashed out, “Benny, what the hell do you want? If Matthew finds out you’ve kidnapped me, he won’t let you off the hook!”
She recalled the series of events that led her here.
After finish her work, she went to Mateo’s house.
As soon as she stepped out of the elevator, someone covered her nose and mouth from behind, and then darkness enveloped her.
When she woke up, she found herself in this dire situation.
###chapter1132
Benny grinned coldly.
“Relax, I brought you here for a show.
You’ll see what your beloved man is up to behind closed doors.
”
Stella’s heart raced.
Had Benny kidnapped Matthew too?
That seemed impossible.
Matthew was supposed to be at his office, out of Benny’s reach.
But what if Benny had lured Matthew here under the pretense of her kidnapping? The thought sent chills down her spine.
Stella was overwhelmed with panic.
“Why would you do this to Matthew? He’s your brother, isn’t he? How could you betray him like that?”
“Brother?” Benny’s smile was tinged with bitterness.
“Don’t talk to me about brotherhood.
He’s lost all right to that title.
You’re about to see the truth about him.
”
“What the hell do you want?” Stella’s voice trembled as she struggled weakly.
Without a word, Benny switched on the TV.
The image of Matthew with a woman appeared instantly.
The woman’s fingers trailed down Matthew’s face, lingering at his collarbone.
Stella’s eyes widened in shock.
It was Leslie with Matthew!
She couldn’t believe Leslie would conspire with Benny.
Benny stood beside Stella, revealing the full TV screen to her.
He leaned down, a twisted smile playing on his lips.
“Watch closely.
This is what your man does behind your back.
”
As he finished, he looked at Stella, who seemed ready to attack him in fury.
His smile grew wider.
Stella bit her lip so hard it bled, the metallic taste filling her mouth.
Overcome with emotion, she yelled at him, “Benny, you’re vile and despicable!
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
You’ll get what you deserve! Let me go! Just let me go!”
But Benny was unyielding.
He grasped Stella’s head, compelling her to turn towards the screen.
“Better to watch your guy getting wild than to nag me.
”
Straining her voice, Stella pleaded, “Let me go… You bastard!”
Her struggle was so fierce that she grew numb, not realizing the pain in her wrists and ankles.
Stella’s mind raced back to Matthew’s words from the previous night.
His promise of loyalty echoed in her thoughts, fueling her belief in him.
She realized then that Benny was behind all this.
With newfound resolve, Stella declared, “I won’t fall for your tricks, and I won’t let your disgraceful plot work.
”
“Is that so?” Benny replied, a sly smile on his face.
“If you’re so sure, just keep watching.
You’ll see how your trusted man betrays everything you hold dear.
”
###chapter1133
Forced to watch the screen, Stella saw Leslie removing Matthew’s clothes.
She repeatedly tried to reassure herself, but her sanity was slipping.
She couldn’t bear to watch!
The thought of Matthew being intimate with another woman, although drugged, was unbearable.
Desperately, she wondered if anyone could save them.
Overwhelmed by sorrow, anger, and despair, Stella was close to a breakdown.
Suddenly, the TV screen flickered and went blank, losing its signal.
The screen showed nothing but darkness.
Stella stood there, utterly shocked, and Benny, eagerly anticipating the unfolding drama, found himself frozen in the moment.
‘s BunnyBookery
Swiftly, he made his way to the TV, scrutinizing it while muttering, “What’s happening here?”
The TV’s wiring seemed fine.
Squinting, he grabbed his phone and dialed Leslie.
However, the prolonged ringing yielded no response.
“Damn it!” Benny cursed, frustration evident.
Cautiously, he cracked open the door, surveyed the surroundings, and retrieved his pistol from his holster.
He turned his attention back to Stella.
“What’s your game plan?” Stella asked, panicking.
Benny crouched, loosened the rope around her ankles, and hoisted her from the chair.
Pointing the gun at Stella’s head, he issued a fierce warning.
“Stay silent.
Make a sound, and I’ll blow your brains out.
”
Leslie observed as Matthew gradually ceased his struggles.
Tenderly wiping the sweat from his forehead, she murmured, “Matthew, forgive me.
None of this was my desire.
I hope you can learn to appreciate me.
Yet, Stella stands as a barrier between us.
She’s the only one you see.
”
Her demeanor darkened, and her soft tone took on a hint of ruthlessness.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Don’t blame me.
”
As she uttered those words, she leaned in to ki*s Matthew’s lips, only to be abruptly yanked away from behind.
A powerful force pulled Leslie, causing her to tumble to the floor.
A cry of pain escaped her lips as she looked up to find two men approaching Matthew.
“Who are you?” Leslie questioned in panic.
Fernando and Cordell glanced at her indifferently, offering no response, and turned back to continue assessing Matthew’s condition.
Before setting out, Matthew meticulously planned all the tactics Benny might employ, instructing Fernando to closely shadow him and bring Cordell along.
###chapter1134
Cordell administered the antidote to Matthew.
“Luckily, we got here in time.
The antidote should work swiftly.
”
“Good.
”” Fernando acknowledged, then caught sight of Leslie attempting to flee.
Swiftly, he advanced, seized her, and issued a stern warning.
“Stay put until Mr.
Clark wakes up, or else…”
The fear of her scheme unraveling drained color from Leslie’s face.
Her eyes welled up, tears streaming down.
“I never meant for this.
I just loved Matthew too much.
”
Her words tumbled out in a desperate attempt to explain.
Fernando retorted coldly, “Save those words for Mr.
Clark when he wakes.
”
Suddenly, Matthew coughed, having inhaled ether and an aphrodisiac.
After taking the antidote, he regained some consciousness.
Opening his eyes, he gazed emotionlessly at Leslie.
“I gave you too many chances, and you never learned.
I genuinely pity your father.
”
Leslie pressed her lips together, hurling irrational words.
“I loved you too much! You’re the reason I had to do this!”
“Love?” Matthew scoffed.
“Do you even comprehend what love truly means? Your actions were nothing short of foolishness.
”
With a weary motion, he signaled to Fernando.
“Take her away.
”
“Matthew.
” A pair of bodyguards approached, hauling Leslie away, indifferent to her cries and pleas.
Only after Leslie’s voice had completely dissipated did Matthew rise.
With a solemn expression, he adjusted his clothes and ordered, “Go find Stella.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As they exited the building, Matthew suddenly heard a voice from above.
He looked up and spotted Stella and Benny on the rooftop.
Benny had Stella by the neck, one hand gripping a gun pointed at her head.
Both precariously balanced on the rooftop’s edge; Stella was in grave danger.
With an anguished expression, Stella called out, “Matthew!”
Matthew’s demeanor turned frigid in an instant.
Matthew’s eyes narrowed, glacial with intent.
He didn’t waste a breath, already heading for the stairs to reach Stella.
Benny bellowed, “Hold it right there! One step closer, and I’ll shoot Stella!”
“Benny!” Matthew’s voice rumbled, his face dark.
Benny met his gaze unflinchingly, a cruel sneer twisting his lips.
“I’ve nothing left to lose.
At worst, I’ll take your wife with me to the grave.
”
###chapter1135
Jaw clenched, Matthew’s anger warred with the terror in Stella’s eyes.
He softened, his voice laced with desperation.
“Let her go, Benny.
This is between us.
Don’t drag her into this.
Whatever you ask, I’ll do it.
You need a hostage? Take me instead.
”
“Too late,” Benny scoffed, his voice light yet laced with bitter finality.
He could no longer believe in Matthew.
There was no turning back, not after reaching this point.
The pistol rose, glinting in the dim light as it pointed back to Stella’s head.
“Ah!” Stella’s breath hitched, fear clawing at her throat.
She was trapped with a madman.
If she somehow fell down the building, she’d surely be disabled or even die.
“Benny, calm down.
” Matthew tried to negotiate with Benny.
“Name your price or conditions.
I’ll make it happen, I swear.
”
But Benny was lost in the darkness of his own pain; his only desire was to see Matthew suffer.
“I don’t want anything.
The only thing I want is to watch you see everything you love slip away.
”
Matthew’s face felt like it had turned to ice.
Panic gripped his heart, and his mind went blank.
Right then, Benny came to a sudden stop.
Quick on the uptake, Matthew shot a wink at Fernando, signaling him to move up with his bodyguards.
Matthew stayed put, ready to handle Benny.
Benny heard a soft female voice calling his name.
“Benny, stop.
Come back with me.
”
The familiar, long-lost name made his heart skip a beat.
He turned around to see a woman heading towards him, holding a bunch of flowers, her flaxen hair fluttering in the wind.
Benny stood there, shocked for a moment, muttering, “Evelyn? Evelyn! Is that really you?”
The woman reached out her hand to him and whispered, “Benny, let go of this anger.
Come down.
Come home with me.
”
This woman was Flossie.
She had received Benny’s final words earlier that day.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Driven by urgency, she investigated and traced to Evelyn’s old address.
She used his memory of Evelyn and dressed accordingly.
She was determined to stop him.
Benny couldn’t end like this, consumed by hatred.
She wanted him to find peace, leave the past behind, and build something new.
“Come down, Benny.
We’ll go home.
I’m here to take you back.
” Seeing his indecision, Flossie pressed on.
Perhaps overwhelmed by grief and longing, Benny didn’t register the familiar face.
Memories flooded his mind, and tears flowed freely from his eyes.
His grip weakened, the gun clattering to the floor.
“Evelyn…”
###chapter1136
Fernando noticed Benny drop his gun and quickly signaled the bodyguard, who instantly understood and fired the weapon.
A muffled sound reached Stella’s ears, and Benny’s hold on her neck weakened simultaneously.
Benny gazed down in disbelief at the bullet wound in his chest.
“You…” he uttered, releasing Stella.
He stumbled to his knees on the floor, clutching his chest in agony as blood trickled from his mouth and chest.
Stella froze, panic flashing in her eyes.
She watched Benny’s lifeless form on the floor, the blood seeping onto the dry cement, spreading slowly.
This was Stella’s first experience with death so close.
Her mind blanked, and she couldn’t move.
Fernando rushed to her, helping her up.
“Mr.
Clark is downstairs.
Let’s go see him.
”
Hearing this, Stella began to regain her senses and let Fernando lead her away.
Meanwhile, Flossie saw Benny collapse.
Startled, she dropped her flowers and rushed upstairs.
When she reached the rooftop, she didn’t see Fernando and Stella.
Only Benny’s body was there.
“Ben… Benny…” Kneeling beside him, Flossie tried to stop the bleeding, her hands soon covered in blood.
She struggled to speak, her voice barely a whisper.
“Hang in there, Benny.
You can’t leave me.
I’m calling for help right now.
Stay with me, please.
”
She quickly wiped her bloodied hands on her clothes and fumbled for her phone, her fingers trembling as she searched for a number.
Benny, overwhelmed by pain, could barely focus, his vision blurred.
“Evelyn…”
He tried to smile, causing Flossie’s heart to break.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Fighting back tears, she said firmly, “Just hang on a bit longer, Benny.
I’m taking you to the hospital.
You’re going to be okay.
”
In the car, Matthew cradled Stella, who seemed lost in her own world, her heart racing.
“You’re safe now, Stella.
I’m so sorry I didn’t get here sooner,” Matthew whispered, trying to comfort her.
Stella’s eyes welled up with tears as she heard Matthew’s familiar, soothing voice.
She wrapped her arms tightly around his waist, fighting back her fear with all her strength.
“Matthew… I think Benny’s gone…”
There was a brief pause in Matthew’s usually calm gaze before a sharp, icy light flashed in his eyes.
“He got what was coming to him.
Don’t worry about it.
It’s not your fault.
”
With her lips pressed together, Stella snuggled into Matthew’s embrace.
His comforting words gradually soothed her.
Once she felt a bit more in control, Stella looked up at Matthew and noticed his pale face.
###chapter1137
Concerned, she steadied him and asked, “Are you alright? Did you get hurt?”
“I’m okay.
” Matthew forced a smile.
“The main thing is that you’re safe.
”
But as Stella studied his face, she saw his lips were colorless and felt his hands growing colder.
She helped Matthew stand and called out to Fernando, who was at the wheel.
“Fernando, we need to get Matthew to the hospital.
Hurry!”
Upon hearing Stella’s urgent plea, Fernando swiftly ignited the engine, hurtling towards the hospital with Matthew in tow.
In transit, Matthew’s nerves eased slightly, prompting a cough that expelled blood from his mouth.
Terrified inside, Stella understood the need to maintain composure during that critical moment.
She retrieved a tissue from her bag, wiping blood from Matthew’s mouth while projecting a facade of calmness.
“We’ll reach the hospital soon.
Don’t close your eyes now.
”
Glimpsing the situation through the rearview mirror, Fernando pressed harder on the accelerator.
Matthew felt the uncontrollable tremor in Stella’s voice and clenched his jaw.
Though terribly weak, he insisted on speaking.
“Stella, don’t be afraid.
I’ll be fine as long as you’re alright.
”
Stella’s hands still clung to his body, knuckles turning white.
Yet, she feigned calmness.
“I understand.
Save your strength.
It’s all over, and you’ll be okay once we reach the hospital.
”
Then, she turned to Fernando and urged, “Fernando, step on it!”
Fernando contemplated speeding up but abruptly recalled Matthew’s directive never to drive fast when Stella was in the car.
Torn between Matthew’s precarious situation and the weight of his instructions, Fernando grappled with a dilemma.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Sensing Fernando’s internal struggle, Stella comprehended the source of his conflict.
Softly, she assured him, “I’m okay.
Just drive faster.
”
“Alright,” Fernando responded and sped towards the hospital with urgency.
Anxiety gripped him.
Having been by Matthew’s side since his return to the Clark family, Fernando’s relationship with him surpassed the bounds of mere superior and subordinate; they were friends who shared candid conversations during leisure moments.
Upon learning of Stella’s secret marriage to Matthew, Fernando was taken aback but chose to remain silent.
After all, he held great respect for Stella’s professional dedication during their time working together.
However, he couldn’t help but feel that Matthew had gone to extraordinary lengths for Stella during their reconciliation, almost to the point of losing himself.
###chapter1138
Fernando grasped the significance of why Matthew held this marriage in such high regard.
Matthew had confided in Fernando about his father’s dismissive stance on relationships, leading him to vow never to emulate that attitude.
Instead, he aspired to be a man who approached love and marriage with earnestness.
But Fernando glanced in the rearview mirror, noting that Matthew’s once pristine white shirt was soaked in blood.
A furrow creased his brow as he pondered whether assuming responsibility for love and marriage was worth jeopardizing one’s life.
It was a question Fernando couldn’t readily answer.
His own romantic history comprised only a fleeting affair that left no enduring impact after its conclusion.
Thus, he grappled with perplexity and unease concerning Matthew’s recent gestures towards Stella, his disquiet fueled by a lack of confidence in her intentions.
If Stella genuinely committed herself to Matthew, all would be well.
But what if her interest lay in Matthew’s status or was merely a response to his altruistic actions?
Lost in contemplation, Fernando once again cast a glance at Stella through the rearview mirror.
Stella’s worry and sorrow, at least at that moment, appeared genuine.
Fernando sought solace, hoping that Stella would consistently stand by Matthew’s side, offering warmth and solace.
Fernando had already called the hospital while on the road, making sure the doctors and nurses were ready at the hospital entrance.
Once the car pulled up to the hospital, they wasted no time getting Matthew into the operating room.
Fernando filled the doctor in on Matthew’s condition, leaving out no details.
He stressed the urgent need for gastric lavage due to the hefty amounts of alcohol and ether Matthew had taken in.
Stella paced nervously outside the operating room.
She knew Matthew was in bad shape, but she didn’t expect it to be this serious.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
When Fernando noticed the scars on Stella’s body, he suggested, “Mrs.
Clark, you’re hurt too.
Let the doctor take care of your wounds while I stick around for Mr.
Clark.
”
“No.
” Stella looked at Fernando, tears in her eyes, shaking her head.
“I need to wait here until Matthew comes out okay.
Only when I see it with my own eyes can I relax.
”
Fernando wanted to convince her otherwise, but he realized he couldn’t change her mind.
He nodded.
“I’ll be waiting outside the hospital.
Let me know if Mr.
Clark wakes up.
”
Stella stared at the operating room and gave a silent nod in response.
Time seemed to drag on as the light inside the operating room stayed on.
Suddenly, a woman’s voice broke the silence from behind Stella.
“Stella, you’re not good enough for Matthew!”
###chapter1139
tella turned to see Leslie and Mateo.
Mateo grabbed Leslie’s hand and covered her mouth to shut her up.
Zoe shot a cold look at Leslie, pursed his lips, and said nothing.
Breaking free from Mateo’s grasp, Leslie faced off with Stella, her eyes blazing.
“You’re a jinx.
Ever since you barged into Matthew’s life, he’s had nothing but bad luck.
Constant accidents and injuries.
Do you honestly think you deserve to be his wife?”
“And you think you do?” Stella shot back, her expression calm and frosty.
“Leslie, today’s mayhem is on you.
You were Benny’s accomplice.
You can’t escape the guilt.
”
“Ah!” Leslie let out a shrill scream.
“Stella, you pushed me to this! I didn’t plan for it to go this far.
It’s all your fault!”
Stella narrowed her eyes.
“The only reason you’re still able to yap at me is because I don’t have the time right now to deal with you properly.
You come from a fancy family, but your moral compass is spinning out of control, and you’ve conveniently pinned it on me.
What right do you have to accuse me here?”
In a rage, Leslie raised her hand to slap Stella.
Stella’s gaze turned razor-sharp.
She caught Leslie’s hand mid-air and delivered a solid slap across Leslie’s face.
Leslie staggered to the side.
Stella glared at her.
“What you need to do now is go back, cool off, and figure out how you’re going to explain this mess to the police.
Causing a scene here won’t help anyone.
Leslie was thrown off by Stella’s words.
She momentarily lost her cool, then lunged straight at Stella.
“Stella, I’ll kill you!”
“Leslie!” Mateo intervened, grabbing her.
“If you don’t shut it, nobody’s going to help you.
”
“Dad…” Leslie stared at him, disbelief written all over her face.
Ignoring her, Mateo turned to Stella, wearing a regretful expression.
“Mrs.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Clark, I’m truly sorry for what went down today.
It’s a failure on my part as a parent.
I hope you and Mr.
Clark can find it in your hearts to show mercy and spare her.
I promise to handle her discipline properly moving forward.
”
Stella wasn’t interested in getting further entangled with them, and she certainly wasn’t in the mood to offer any reassurances to Mateo.
Mateo continued to bow and apologize, using every polite expression in the book.
Yet, he received no response from Stella.
This was the first time Leslie had witnessed her father in such a demeaning and pleading posture, and it made her nose prickle with a sour feeling.
She tugged at Mateo’s hand and said, “Dad, we don’t need to beg her.
I was the one who fell for a married man-it’s my fault.
You don’t need to apologize to her.
”
She shot a glare at Stella and continued, “I’m only apologizing to you, not to Stella!”
“Shut up!” Mateo roared for the second time.
Stella’s frown deepened as she gazed coldly at Leslie.
“Leave now while I’m still holding back my anger.
The last thing Matthew needs right now is you disturbing him.
”
###chapter1140
“Mrs.
Clark…” Mateo tried to say something, but Stella turned her back to them.
Her intentions were clear.
Mateo had no other choice but to stop.
He turned around to leave, but suddenly stopped.
“Mrs.
Clark, please let me know if Mr.
Clark wakes up.
Leslie and I will come to apologize.
”
Stella stayed silent.
Mateo and Leslie took the hint and finally left.
Stella remained in that position for a long time.
She didn’t know what to do.
She couldn’t lie.
What Leslie said had actually affected her.
Matthew had been suffering all because of her.
She couldn’t help but wonder if she was worth all the pain he was going through.
‘s BunnyBookery
Her gaze drifted to the light above the door signifying that an operation was going on.
She took deep, long breaths to suppress the overwhelming emotions.
The light suddenly went off, and Stella quickly wiped her tear-stained cheeks as the doors slid open.
Matthew was wheeled out.
He wasn’t awake, but he looked less pale.
“How is he?” Stella asked, worried.
“He’s fine for now.
He’ll be discharged once the anesthesia wears off and he’s rested a bit,” the doctor answered patiently.
“Thank you so much.
” Relief washed over Stella.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew was taken to one of the rooms.
Stella stayed behind with him.
She sat beside the bed and gently took his hand in hers.
Her eyes never left his figure.
She stayed like that for a long while until she felt his hand suddenly move.
Her heart leaped with pure joy.
“Matthew…”
She said his name softly as if he was going to disappear any second.
Matthew’s eyes opened slowly.
He blinked a few times to clear his vision.
His eyes met Stella’s, causing a small smile to creep up his face.
“Are you okay? Does anywhere hurt?” Stella asked anxiously.
Matthew shook his head gently.
“I’m okay.
I’m sorry for making you worry.
Forgive me.
”
###chapter1141
He tried to sit up as he spoke.
Stella immediately placed a pillow behind him for extra support.
“Are you sure you’re okay? Tell me the truth.
”
“I am.
I promise.
” Matthew tried his best to sound less tired.
“I just had a couple of drinks with Benny.
There’s no need to worry.
”
A huge lump formed in Stella’s throat, preventing her from speaking.
Matthew tried to trivialize the situation, but she knew things weren’t that easy.
Benny had planted a bomb on her and held her at gunpoint to threaten Matthew.
“It’s all in the past now.
” Matthew gently patted her head.
“I’ll be careful next time.
”
“Next time?” Stella narrowed her eyes at him.
Matthew smiled lightly.
“Oh my bad.
There isn’t going to be a next time.
I want water, my love.
”
He changed the topic to ease her mind.
Stella poured him a glass.
Matthew took a few sips, then patted the spot beside him.
“Come.
”
Without hesitation, Stella crawled onto the bed beside him.
As soon as she was sitting, he pulled her in for a ki*s.
Stella gently pushed him away.
“You should be careful; you’re injured.
”
“But I’m fine…” Matthew whined playfully.
“Just let me ki*s you.
”
He pulled her in again, finding comfort in the ki*s.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew pulled away only when Stella let out a small yelp.
“Are you injured?
Did the doctor take care of it?”
“Yeah.
” Stella spoke softly.
“I’m sorry.
Matthew.
”
“I’m the one who should be apologizing.
” Matthew placed a gentle ki*s on her forehead as he held her tightly in his arms.
“I would do anything to protect you, even if it means sacrificing myself.
You’re my wife.
”
Stella was about to say something when a small knock at the door interrupted their moment.
It turned out to be Lucia who was at the door.
Stella instantly got out of Matthew’s bed.
With an awkward smile, she greeted, “Grandma…”
Lucia stared at them for a few seconds and quickly understood what was happening.
Her gaze softened.
“Stella, my dear.
I didn’t know you were here as well.
I came to check on this reckless guy.
”
Lucia glared at Matthew.
###chapter1142
He still tried to be intimate with his wife while he was hospitalized.
Matthew’s face remained blank.
Stella straightened out her clothes and went to collect the things Lucia was holding.
“Grandma, how’d you know we were here?”
“The both of you weren’t answering my calls.
I pressured Fernando to tell me what was going on and then came over.
”
“I’m okay, Grandma.
The doctor said I’d be allowed to leave soon,” Matthew said calmly.
“If you were okay, why would you even be here?” Lucia gave him a dirty look.
“Anyway, who was behind it? The same person again?”
“It’s not important Grandma, everything’s been settled.
”
Stella didn’t want to worry Matthew’s grandparents any further.
Besides, Benny was already dead, so the past wasn’t important.
“Don’t cover for Matthew, Stella.
He should speak for himself.
”
Matthew let out a small sigh.
“It was my fault, Grandma.
I overdrank during an event and it led to a gastric flare-up.
Which explains why I’m here.
Stella and I didn’t want you to worry.
”
“Really?” Lucia was still suspicious.
“Ask the doctor if you must be certain.
He has no reason to lie to you,”
Matthew added.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Lucia began to doubt him less.
“This is why you should always listen.
I’ve told you countless times to drink less.
Land in the hospital again and I’ll make sure Stella doesn’t take care of you.
You’ll be all alone in the hospital.
”
Matthew agreed to everything Lucia said and acted all remorseful, so she didn’t have the heart to blame him anymore.
Stella also tried to coax Lucia.
The old woman finally smiled.
Stella pressed the bell to call the doctor.
The doctor walked in and conducted an examination.
Once he was done, he stated, “He’s perfectly fine now.
We can proceed with the discharge process.
”
ALL of Lucia’s tension eased up.
She turned to the both of them once the doctor left.
“My driver is waiting outside.
Come back with me for supper tonight.
”
Pinster Hospital was a private clinic.
Flossie knew all about Benny’s circumstances.
So she knew that taking him to a regular hospital was probably a bad idea, considering he’d been shot and she didn’t know why.
With her connections, she was able to get him admitted.
###chapter1143
Benny was not exactly in the best condition.
The doctor turned to Flossie.
“The chances of him surviving are very low.
”
Flossie’s breath hitched.
She grabbed the doctor’s hand and_ pleaded desperately, “Please! Do everything you can to save him! Please!”
At the Clark family’s residence, Lucia instructed the servants to prepare extra food for Matthew and Stella while they were on the way.
When they arrived, she got out of the car to see Waldo standing at the entrance.
“What are you doing out here?” she asked, surprised.
Waldo turned to Stella with a faint smile.
“Take Lucia in, Stella.
I want to discuss something with Matthew.
”
“Okay.
” Stella gave Matthew a worried look.
Matthew was able to hide the reason why he was hospitalized from Lucia, but it was practically impossible to hide it from Waldo.
Matthew gave her a reassuring smile.
Waldo’s demeanor changed to a serious one once Lucia and Stella were inside.
Matthew trailed behind him as he walked to the garden.
“What happened, Matthew? Tell me the real reason you ended up in the hospital.
”
Matthew knew Waldo was going to find out one way or another, so he explained everything without leaving out a single detail.
“Everything is fine now.
Benny’s been taken care of.
”
“Hmm… You and Stella have been through a lot.
Make sure to be there for her.
She’s not completely used to all this.
”
Matthew hummed in agreement.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The four of them sat at the table as dinner was served.
Lucia placed an extra egg in Stella’s plate.
“You should eat more, Stella.
You must have been terrified today.
”
“I’m okay, Grandma.
Besides, it’s what I’m supposed to do.
We’re married and should support each other.
I understand that Matthew did it for the company’s sake.
”
Lucia’s heart melted.
She glared at Matthew for the millionth time that day.
“Don’t you ever drink so much again, understood?”
“Yes, Grandma.
” Matthew nodded with a smile.
As if on cue, his phone rang.
Fernando was calling.
“I’LL be back.
” Matthew got up and excused himself.
Fernando’s anxious voice came from the other end of the line.
“It’s Benny.
###chapter1144
His body is missing.
And the bomb must have been a fake.
It didn’t go off I think Benny might still be alive.
”
Matthew’s face fell.
He tried his best to talk calmly.
“I’ll handle it, thanks.
”
He looked out the window, recollecting himself.
“Just send one of our men to keep an eye on Evelyn’s place.
If he’s truly alive, he might go back there.
”
“Got it.
” With that, Fernando hung up.
Matthew blamed himself.
If he didn’t end up being hospitalized, he would have made sure Benny was actually gone.
But one question lingered at the back of his mind.
Who had saved Benny?
Different people crossed his mind but none of them seemed to fit.
After a few more seconds of pondering, he walked back to the others at the table.
Stella noticed that something was wrong.
“Are you okay?”
Matthew gave her a small smile.
“It was just a minor issue at the company.
It’s been resolved now.
”
Stella hummed, deciding not to press further.
Once they were done eating, Stella and Matthew left.
They had driven far away from the Clark family’s residence when Stella asked.
“That call…It wasn’t about the company, was it?” Her tone was certain.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew had originally planned to keep it from her, but decided it was best for her to know for her own safety.
He stole a quick glance at her.
“We’re not certain, but Benny might be alive.
”
“Huh?” Stella eyes widened.
“But how’s that possible? I saw him get shot.
”
Suddenly, her mind wandered off to Flossie, who was also present at that time.
“Hold on…” Stella hurriedly took out her phone and called Flossie.
Flossie’s phone had been turned off.
Stella grew worried.
Was Flossie working with Benny?
Matthew ruffled her hair to comfort her.
“You have to make sure to be alert at all times until we confirm if he’s actually dead.
”
In Sunnysky Restaurant, Neville sat at a table, tapping away on his phone, clearly restless.
Cordell messaged him about Matthew’s day, prompting a concerned frown from him.
###chapter1145
Neville asked, “Where are you now? I’ll head over.
”
Just as he stood up, his phone buzzed again.
Cordell replied, “Matthew’s out of the hospital.
Let’s catch up another day so that he can rest.
”
Taking in the news, Neville felt his shoulders relax.
He edited his response.
“That’s good.
I’ve got plans today.
We’ll reschedule for another day.
”
Sinking back into his chair, he checked the time, his frown lingering.
Cordell asked, “What’s going on?”
Neville began typing a detailed reply, then stopped.
Deleting the words, he settled for a short one.
“Having dinner with Miley.
”
“Prioritizing a lover over a friend, huh?” Cordell scoffed.
Ignoring the comment, Neville pocketed his phone, eyes fixed on the door.
‘s BunnyBookery
The awaited person hadn’t shown up.
He sat there as his irritation mounted.
Abruptly, he got up, stepped out, and lit a cigarette.
After finishing it, he peered back into the dining room.
His seat was still vacant.
Neville’s patience wore thin.
He pulled out his phone when a tap on his shoulder caught him by surprise.
Frowning, he turned around to find Susie Blakely, the woman he’d been waiting for almost all night.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She was a musical play actress.
She was also Neville’s parents’ pick for his potential marriage partner.
Susie rocked a long purple dress, and her curly hair flowed casually over her shoulders.
Long, straight legs completed the picture of a captivating beauty.
Neville couldn’t deny Susie matched the type of woman he used to like before meeting Miley, but…
“You must be Neville,” Susie jumped in, interrupting his thoughts.
“I’ve seen your photos.
I’m your date.
Susie Blakely, nice to meet you.
”
She offered her hand for a shake, but Neville, keeping his expression steady, responded, “Let’s head inside first.
”
He then turned around and walked inside.
Unperturbed, Susie withdrew her hand and followed him inside.
Once they settled at the table, the waiter presented the menu.
Susie flipped through the menu, then looked up at Neville, who sat across from her.
“Any dish you’d recommend in this place?”
###chapter1146
“Everything here is good.
Order whatever you like,” Neville replied, not bothering with the menu.
After dismissing the waiter, he got straight to the point.
“Today’s the appointment my mother set up with you.
I think there are some things we need to discuss.
”
Setting the menu down, Susie rested her chin on her hand, giving him her attention.
“What’s on your mind?”
Neville didn’t mince words.
“I already have a girlfriend.
”
“I’LL make it clear to my family.
Please inform your family so that it won’t affect the ties between our families,” Neville added.
Susie blinked at him, grinned, and then said seriously, “But I fall for you at the first sight.
Since your family set up this meeting, I’m guessing they’re not thrilled with your girlfriend.
So, maybe reconsider.
”
Susie didn’t mean a word of what she said.
She was just teasing the man in front of her.
Love wasn’t her thing, and neither was marriage.
But being the heiress of a wealthy family, marrying for business was the practical route, and Neville was the chosen one.
She was well aware of Neville’s reputation.
A young and handsome man like him could help ward off unwanted suitors.
Plus, once they were married, it could be beneficial for both of them to have their own affairs on the side.
Of course, Neville had no clue about Susie’s real intentions.
He just saw her as a problem.
Eager to put an end to the situation, he responded rather bluntly, “No need to think about it.
I came here today just to make things clear.
”
His parents’ request had been nagging at him, disrupting his sleep for quite some time.
Neville wouldn’t claim to be a faithful man, but after he met Miley, he started caring more about a woman’s feelings—her happiness, anger, and sorrows.
If it weren’t for Miley, he might have considered compromising with his parents.
But everything had changed.
He couldn’t pinpoint when, but he had fallen d
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
eeply in love with Miley.
So much so, that missing her kept him up all night.
He acknowledged his defeat, and he was strangely at ease with his decision.
He was willing to lose.
Making this choice made the future seem less daunting.
Whatever challenges lay ahead, he was ready to face them courageously, all for the prospect of a future with Miley.
Susie observed Neville for a moment and remarked, “Since you’ve made up your mind, I won’t say more.
But having a meal together isn’t too much, is it?”
Seeing her casual acceptance, Neville felt a pang of guilt.
He nodded.
“Sure, why not?”
The resolution came surprisingly smoothly, leaving Neville in a cheerful mood.
He even found himself excited to recommend the restaurant’s delicious dishes to Susie.
As they conversed, unburdened by the weight of their potential marital ties, the dinner became an enjoyable experience.
###chapter1147
As the evening neared its end, Susie raised her glass to Neville.
“We share some similarities in character.
Even if we can’t be a couple, being friends isn’t that bad.
”
Neville smiled.
“Sure, I’ll bring my girlfriend to see you next time.
”
At ten o’clock, the two left the restaurant.
Considering Susie had a bit to drink, Neville inquired, “Did you drive here?
Need me to call you a driver?”
Susie shook her head.
“I took a taxi here.
I can call another one.
”
She reached for her phone.
After a brief pause, Neville stopped her.
“Never mind.
I’ll give you a ride back.
”
He felt a sense of indebtedness to Susie.
The Blakely family’s residence was in the suburbs, and it was getting late.
He’d feel more guilty if anything happened to her.
It was his way of repaying the favor.
Susie agreed happily, and they got into the car.
The journey back transpired in silence.
Having covered almost every topic during dinner, there wasn’t much left to discuss.
After all, the two were practically strangers.
Feeling a bit drowsy, Susie leaned against the seat.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Neville glanced at the rearview mirror.
Suddenly, he noticed a car tailing them closely.
Neville’s frown deepened.
He initially dismissed his concern as overthinking.
Yet, when he pressed the accelerator and the car behind them mimicked their speed, his unease heightened.
Glancing at Susie, he delivered a serious warning.
“Wake up.
Sit tight.
I’m going to speed up.
”
Startled, Susie jolted awake, sitting upright.
Nervously, she asked, “What’s wrong?”
Neville glanced at the rearview mirror and explained, “There’s a car following us.
You’re an actress.
I’m assuming they are reporters.
We need to lose them.
”
He clarified the situation with Susie.
The last thing he wanted was to get hounded by reporters.
Taking in his words, Susie glanced at the car trailing them, then back at Neville, smiling in relief.
“It’s okay.
”
Neville’s frown persisted as he asked, “Why?”
###chapter1148
Adjusting her hair casually, Susie checked the mirror and replied, “It’s just a guy who’s been pestering me.
He’s been at it for a while.
Just drive normally.
He’ll give up eventually.
”
Despite Susie’s nonchalance, Neville couldn’t shake off his concern.
Taking on an elder brother role, he urged her sincerely, “You live alone in a remote place.
You should take your safety more seriously.
If he’s following you now, who knows what he might do later.
”
But Susie was unfazed.
Instead, she comforted him.
“Don’t worry.
I’m a Blakely.
He wouldn’t dare do anything.
”
Neville pursed his lips and kept quiet.
The car came to a stop at Susie’s villa gate, and the trailing vehicle followed suit.
Soon, a group of people exited the vehicle.
Neville’s expression darkened, and he motioned for Susie to wait.
Stepping out of the car, he opened the door for Susie.
‘s BunnyBookery
The man leading the group wore a fierce expression as he approached Neville and Susie.
His name was Damon Walker.
He hailed from a family entrenched in the gold business.
He fell for Susie at first sight and sought her out more than once.
He even went as far as proposing she became the spokesperson for his gold brand so he could come in contact with her more often.
But Susie kept rejecting him, which only fueled his determination.
His pursuit took a sinister shade and grew into stalking.
Encountering a man with Susie today was beyond Damon’s tolerance.
Damon glared at Neville and demanded.
“Who are you?”
Neville started, “Susie’s—”
Before he could finish, Susie grabbed his arm.
Neville shifted his gaze and shot her a displeased look.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Susie turned to Damon and said, “This is my boyfriend.
Please stay away from me and don’t bother me anymore, or my boyfriend will be angry.
”
Damon’s expression changed dramatically.
“When did you get a boyfriend? It’s impossible…”
Damon had never witnessed her getting close to any man before.
If there was a guy, Damon would have already taken care of him.
Seeing Susie in distress, Neville felt compelled to help her navigate this situation.
“We’ve only recently started dating,” Neville asserted coldly.
“What’s the issue? Do we need to report our relationship to you? Who do you think you are?”
Frustrated by his boss being humiliated, Damon’s subordinates couldn’t contain themselves and moved to attack Neville.
Neville swiftly positioned himself in front of Susie, delivering a kick to the first guy charging at them.
###chapter1149
Amidst screams, groans, and the unmistakable sounds of flesh hitting flesh, the altercation unfolded.
In a short span, Damon’s henchmen were all sprawled on the ground, groaning and whimpering.
Neville cast a cold gaze over them and issued a stern warning.
“Don’t bother her again, or I’ll deal with each of you personally.
”
He tried to pass the gate with Susie when Damon abruptly rushed over, seizing Susie’s hand and pulling her towards his car.
“Come with me.
”
Startled, Susie struggled instinctively.
“Damon, let go of me! Are you out of your mind? Let go!”
“Susie, I love you!” Damon declared affectionately.
Susie fought back more vigorously.
“I don’t.
You make me sick!”
Irritated, Damon’s eyes reddened.
“Bitch! You pretended to be a virgin with me, and now you’re with another man!”
Unfazed by Damon’s tirade, Neville held onto Susie’s hand, attempting to guide her inside.
It was then that Damon lost control of his emotions.
He pulled out an extendable electric baton and lunged at Susie.
“Ah!” Susie yelled, closing her eyes and instinctively covering her head.
Neville’s eyes narrowed.
He quickly pulled Susie away and aimed a kick at
Damon’s hand gripping the baton.
But Damon was faster, and the baton landed a direct hit on Neville’s thigh.
A sharp pain shot through Neville, and a hiss escaped his lips.
Damon, in turn, felt the force of Neville’s kick, stumbling back and hitting the ground.
Ignoring the ache in his leg, Neville guided Susie towards the safety of the villa.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Susie regained her composure, grabbed her phone, and called the villa district’s property manager.
“I’m in District A.
There’s someone causing trouble.
Please send someone over,” she explained, recounting the incident in bursts.
Soon after, alarms blared in the villa area.
Neville and Susie were already inside the villa.
Neville only relaxed his shoulders once the door was closed.
As he caught his breath, Neville felt the growing pain in his thigh, his leg feeling weak.
Instinctively, he leaned against the door for support.
Susie had seen Neville take a hit from the baton.
She felt a pang of concern.
She reached out to help and tried to check his injury by attempting to pull off his trousers.
But Neville stopped her in place.
Realizing the awkwardness of the situation, she explained, “I just wanted to check your injury.
Should I take you to the hospital?”
###chapter1150
“No, thanks,” Neville replied, enduring the pain.
“I’m fine.
The security guards probably took care of him.
I’ll head back now.
”
Pushing Susie away, Neville began to hobble towards the exit.
Susie hurried after him and intercepted his path.
“I have a first-aid kit.
Even if you don’t want to go to the hospital, you should at least address the injury.
What if it gets worse?”
Feeling the unbearable pain, Neville hesitated for a moment before reluctantly agreeing.
He declined Susie’s assistance with a slight shake of his head, then slowly made his way inside.
Susie promptly headed upstairs to fetch the medicine box.
“There’s a variety of medicines in there.
Help yourself.
” Susie understood that he avoided her help, so she tactfully refrained from offering.
“I’ll be upstairs.
Call me if you need anything.
”
“Okay,” Neville replied, somewhat sulky.
As Susie left, Neville couldn’t help but mutter, “Damn it.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Wincing in pain, he pulled off his pants, revealing the bruised and discolored area.
Even the inner part of his thigh bore the impact.
“Damn it!” He cursed once more.
Opening the medical kit, he extracted a painkiller spray, took a deep breath, and applied it to the injured section of his thigh.
He gritted his teeth, enduring the pain without uttering a word.
Susie felt genuinely worried about him.
She discreetly observed from upsta
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
irs, a mix of sympathy and guilt swirling within her.
Had she been more attentive to Neville’s warning in the car earlier, maybe this whole incident could have been avoided.
Downstairs, Neville placed the medicine bottle down after applying it.
He picked up his phone and noticed a message from Miley, asking about his work progress.
Surveying the unpleasant injury on his thigh, Neville thought for a moment and crafted an excuse in his reply.
“I have plans tonight, Miley.
I’m sorry,
I won’t be able to make it to the night movie.
Get some rest, and we’ll catch up next time.
”
After he sent the message, the screen suddenly went black.
He realized his phone had run out of power.
He pocketed the device and called out, “Thanks for the medicine.
It’s getting late.
I’m heading back.
”
Susie rushed downstairs.
“Can you stay over for the night?”
###chapter1151
Neville blinked in surprise.
“What did you just say?”
Realizing the potential misunderstanding, Susie rushed to explain, “I’m afraid Damon’s men are still keeping watch outside the villa.
It’s not safe for you to leave, especially with your injury.
I’ve got some empty rooms.
Stay the night, and we’ll call the police tomorrow.
I’m really sorry for dragging you into this mess.
”
Her genuine apology left Neville feeling he couldn’t turn down her offer.
Neville scratched his head.
Internally, he agreed-it wasn’t ideal to drive in his current state.
“I get it.
I’ll stay here tonight, and tomorrow, I’ll join you when you contact the police.
”
“Great.
Let me show you to your room,” Susie said with a smile.
Neville nodded.
Considering Neville’s injury made stairs a challenge, Susie suggested the guest room downstairs.
“ALL the rooms here are clean.
Use anything you need in the bathroom.
If there’s anything else, just give me a shout, and I’ll have it brought to you right away.
”
Looking around the room, Neville remarked, “It’s fine.
It’s just for the night.
Don’t trouble yourself.
”
Susie nodded.
“Alright, get some rest.
Good night.
”
With that, she left the room.
Back in her own room, Susie’s father, Wyatt Blakely, called.
“How did your date with Neville go? What are your thoughts on him?”
A hint of shyness played on Susie’s face, though she remained unaware of it.
Unconsciously, she changed her initial plan of casual flirting.
“We had a good time.
Neville’s a gentleman, quite charming.
I want to know more about him.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley couldn’t hide her disappointment as she received Neville’s message.
After a brief pause, she pulled herself together and messaged back.
“No problem.
We can go to the cinema after you finish your work.
”
As she was about to send the message, an unknown number popped up on her phone.
Taking a moment, Miley answered.
The caller got straight to the point.
“I’m Neville’s mother.
Is this Miley? Can you spare some time now? We need to talk in person.
”
Though it sounded like a request, the tone allowed no room for refusal.
Despite disliking Amya, Miley kept her response polite for Neville’s sake.
“It’s late.
Is there something urgent, Mrs.
Pierce?”
###chapter1152
“Come out first.
We’ll talk about it later,” Amya said firmly.
Miley couldn’t think of anything Amya would do or say to her at this late hour, but she didn’t refuse.
The call ended with an agreement to meet at a cafe.
Miley attempted to guess Amya’s intentions, but it proved fruitless.
So, she gave up the guessing game, changed into something fresh, grabbed her car keys, and made her way out.
Arriving at the coffee shop earlier than planned, she noticed it was quieter than usual, perhaps a bit late for a bustling crowd.
Despite the subdued atmosphere, Miley opted for a private room considering Amya’s standing and the potential discomfort of their talk.
Restlessly, she took a seat, constantly checking her phone.
She tried to call Neville, but his phone was switched off.
Miley furrowed her brow.
Just then, the door swung open.
Amya was adorned in elegant and luxurious makeup.
She cast her usual disdainful glance at Miley.
Unfazed as usual, Miley greeted her with a polite smile.
As Amya settled into her seat, Miley offered the menu.
“Would you like a drink?”
Amya waved off the menu.
She jumped straight to the point.
“I’m here for one thing.
Leave my son.
”
Miley, though she had her suspicions, found herself slightly unsettled by the earnest look in Amya’s eyes.
She sipped her coffee, feigning composure, and inquired, “What brings this up all of a sudden?”
With a smile, Amya replied, “Neville has discovered someone more suitable for him.
”
Instinctively, Miley shook her head, disbelief in her voice.
“That can’t be true.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Observing Miley’s reaction, Amya’s smile grew more radiant.
“You didn’t see Neville tonight, did you? He was dining with that girl.
Their evening was both seamless and enjoyable.
”
Miley’s heart skipped a beat.
She recalled Neville’s recent message, excusing himself from their movie plans due to a social commitment.
Amya’s unexpected visit and her apparent gloating suggested this was no mere coincidence.
Conflicted, Miley wrestled with her feelings.
Her heart urged her to trust Neville, suspecting Amya’s motives were to drive a wedge between them.
Yet, the situation left her anything but serene.
###chapter1153
As Miley’s expression grew increasingly troubled, Amya pressed on, “The young lady is the heiress to Blakely Group.
Both Neville’s father and I approve of her.
Eventually, our family will be Neville’s responsibility.
Their union would not only strengthen ties but also make Blakely Group our steadfast ally.
On the other hand, if Neville chooses you…”
Amya left the implication hanging, but Miley understood all too well.
She was acutely aware of the disparity between her background and Neville’s, recognizing her limited ability to assist him professionally.
Hence, when he mentioned being preoccupied with work, she could only ask him to take good care of himself.
“Furthermore, the girl’s father just informed me that she had a delightful evening with Neville and fell for him at first sight,”
Amya continued, her voice soft yet firm.
“So I advise you to act wisely and distance yourself from my son.
Please don’t force him into a difficult situation.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Miley, her head bowed, intertwined her fingers under the table.
She yearned to challenge Amya’s assertions, to declare the depth of her and Neville’s love.
However, when she spoke, her words were merely, “I understand.
”
She realized the futility in trying to convince Amya of their love.
Moreover, Neville’s recent aloofness didn’t escape her notice, and she acknowledged this painful reality.
Maybe Neville kept his distance from her because he wanted her to take the initiative to leave him.
Perhaps he preferred someone of a similar social standing.
Most importantly, they had the support of their parents.
Amya, scrutinizing Miley, added icily, “I’m not unreasonable.
You’ve invested time and emotion in this relationship.
How much would it take to compensate for your loss during this time?”
Shocked and humiliated by the offer of money, Miley stood up, her emotions boiling over.
“Our relationship was a mutual choice.
I have no interest in Neville’s wealth!” she declared, then grabbed her bag and stormed out of the cafe, tears blurring her vision, oblivious to the stares of others.
She ran aimlessly, only stopping when her breath was ragged and tears choked her.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The city was still alive, its neon lights shimmering against the flow of traffic, but Miley felt utterly lost.
She questioned the authenticity of her relationship with Neville.
Was everything they had shared just a fleeting novelty?
Was what she had done for the relationship just a joke?
At Prosper Bay, Stella, who was sleeping, answered Miley’s call.
Through sobs and gasps, Miley’s voice came through.
“Stella… Stella, come out and talk to me.
I’m so sad…”
Stella was jolted awake.
Flicking on the light, she sat bolt upright in bed and inquired with concern, “Miley, what’s wrong?”
She couldn’t recall Miley ever weeping this uncontrollably before.
Clearly, something significant had transpired.
###chapter1154
hrough her tears, Miley managed, “I’m just so devastated…”
Stella hastily threw back the covers, ready to rise.
Stirred by the commotion, Matthew grasped her hand.
Silencing him with a gesture, Stella asked, “Miley, where are you right now?”
Miley, amidst sobs, stammered her location and abruptly ended the call.
“Miley…” Stella’s words trailed off into the silence.
Matthew asked, “What’s going on?”
Brushing off his hand, Stella quickly briefed him, “Miley called me just now and kept crying.
I don’t know what happened.
I’m heading there to find out.
”
Without hesitation, Matthew offered, “I’ll drive you.
”
They dressed swiftly and set off for the address Miley had provided.
Upon arrival, Stella spotted Miley crouched beside the street.
She hurriedly alighted from the car and enveloped Miley in an embrace, draping her coat over her.
“Miley, it’s alright.
You’re safe now.
”
Miley’s crying intensified, her eyes puffy.
When she saw Stella, she cried even louder.
Clutching Stella, she whimpered, “Stella…”
Once Miley had somewhat regained her composure, Stella probed, “What happened? Why are you out here alone at night?”
Miley merely shook her head, wordless.
Sensing the inappropriateness of the location for a detailed conversation, Stella helped Miley to her feet, saying reassuringly, “Come on, I’ll drive you home.
Whatever it is, let’s leave it for now.
A new day awaits tomorrow.
”
Miley, who was listless as if in a daze, let Stella send her into the car.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once Miley was settled, Stella, gathering her belongings, instructed Matthew, “Let’s take Miley home first.
”
“Okay,” Matthew responded and started the car.
After the emotional outburst, Miley seemed drained, falling into a deeper silence as she settled in the car.
Stella, eager to understand more, hesitated upon seeing Miley’s forlorn expression and held back her questions.
Midway to her house, Miley suddenly raised her head, her voice rough with emotion.
“Did you know Neville’s fallen for someone else recently?”
Matthew frowned and was confused.
But he still shook his head and asked, “Isn’t Neville with you?”
With a bitter twist of her lips, Miley replied with irony, “He’s found another.
He doesn’t need me anymore.
”
Stella and Matthew were struck dumb by this revelation, at a loss for comforting words Miley’s eyes closed, a picture of utter despair, and she fell silent once more.
###chapter1155
After a pause, Stella whispered to Matthew, “Did you have any inkling of this? Did Neville mention anything?”
Confusion etched on his face, Matthew shook his head.
His mind, however, drifted to a recent encounter in a wine cellar.
Neville had seemed troubled, caught in some inner conflict.
Was Neville torn between two women back then?
Matthew, though riddled with speculation, kept his thoughts to himself.
This was Neville’s personal affair, and it wasn’t his place to meddle.
The car soon stopped at the gate of Miley’s house.
Before Stella got out of the car, she said to Matthew, “I’ll spend the night here with Miley.
”
With that, she assisted a despondent Miley out of the car and into the house.
The moment the door shut behind them and the light flicked on, Miley’s dam of tears broke once again.
Stella cradled Miley, gently patting her on the back while offering solace.
“Don’t worry, Miley.
Regardless of the outcome, I’ll always stand by your side.
”
Miley couldn’t say a word.
She leaned on her shoulder and kept crying.
After a considerable amount of time, she managed to regain some composure and confided in Stella about the events of the evening.
“Neville’s mother revealed that he was dating Miss Blakely that evening, and she even offered me a substantial sum of money to facilitate a peaceful breakup between us.
”
“Is she crazy? How could she insult you like this?” Stella’s anger flared.
“Is this truly what Neville desires?”
Miley shook her head in confusion, her voice filled with uncertainty.
“I don’t know.
We had plans to watch a movie tonight, but he suddenly claimed to have an urgent matter to attend to and postponed our movie night to some other time.
I called him again, but his phone was turned off.
”
She perched on the sofa, arms wrapped around her knees, biting her trembling lip, appearing utterly lost and distraught.
Upon witnessing Miley’s pained expression, Stella couldn’t help but be overcome with sorrow.
Gently running her fingers through Miley’s hair, Stella offered words of solace.
“You shouldn’t let yourself be downcast over a man Like that.
It’s not worth it.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Tears continued to stream down Miley’s face.
She acknowledged the truth in Stella’s words, but accepting it proved to be a difficult and painful task.
Suddenly, a thought struck her, prompting Miley to wipe away her tears and turn to Stella.
“Stella, come with me to a certain place.
”
“It’s so late.
Where are you going?” Stella was shocked.
Miley fixed a determined gaze upon her friend and declared, “I’m heading to Miss Blakely’s residence to see if Neville is truly there with her!”
After a brief moment of hesitation, Stella offered her counsel.
“Miley, let’s not rush into things.
Don’t let others sway your decisions.
Consider this, Miley.
What if this is Amya’s strategy to drive a wedge between you and Neville? If you act impulsively and go there, won’t you be confirming to Amya that you don’t trust Neville?”
###chapter1156
“What if Neville is really there?” Miley asked.
If she didn’t go there in person, she would still continue to overthink the situation.
Stella was taken aback by Miley’s query and let out a deep sigh.
“If Neville truly betrays you, rushing there now will only bring you more heartache.
”
“I know.
” Miley gazed firmly into Stella’s eyes and reiterated her determination.
“I want to see for myself.
”
She paused, taking a deep breath to steady herself before making her intentions crystal clear.
“If it turns out that Neville is indeed with Miss Blakely, I will end our relationship.
”
Observing Miley’s unwavering resolve, Stella realized that further persuasion was futile, so she decided to compromise.
“I’ll accompany you, but I’ll take the wheel.
You can take a break in the car.
”
Miley agreed.
The two of them departed.
As they drove for a while, Stella noticed that Matthew’s car was tailing them closely.
She was initially taken aback, but then a warm feeling washed over her.
As it turned out, he hadn’t gone home earlier.
Instead, he had been waiting outside all along.
It was well past midnight, and the streets were nearly deserted, with only the streetlights illuminating the way.
However, the knowledge that Matthew was following them brought a sense of reassurance to Stella.
Stella glanced at Miley, seated beside her, who was gazing out of the window, lost in thought.
Stella’s heart ached, but she didn’t know what to do.
She pursed her lips and reached out her hand to hold Miley’s.
This time, she must protect Miley well, so that she won’t be hurt again.
The car soon arrived in the vicinity of Susie’s villa.
Stella pulled over to the side of the road, turned to Miley, and inquired, “What’s your plan?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Gazing at the dimly lit villa, Miley responded in a hushed tone, “Wait.
”
Stella remained silent but messaged Matthew discreetly.
“Miley intends to stay here.
What’s our next move?”
Matthew quickly replied, “Neville’s phone is off.
Let’s wait.
If you’re feeling drowsy, feel free to take a nap.
I’ll keep watch for you.
”
As Stella read the message, she couldn’t help but feel disheartened, unable to reconcile the actions of a CEO like Matthew with what was unfolding before her eyes.
Stella had mixed feelings.
She replied “Okay” and put away her phone.
They waited until dawn.
Around seven o’clock in the morning, the gate of the villa finally swung open.
Stella sat up abruptly, and Miley, with anxiety etched on her face, fixated on the villa’s door, silently hoping Neville wouldn’t appear.
###chapter1157
But as soon as the recognizable figure appeared before her, Miley couldn’t help but gasp.
Stepping out of the villa, Neville and a woman halted in their tracks by the entrance.
She extended her hand, gripping his arm, and he merely glanced down, offering no resistance.
The sight left Stella stunned.
Regaining her composure, she noticed Miley had already darted towards them.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Miley…” Stella called out, following worriedly.
Neville’s eyes widened in surprise upon seeing Miley.
“Miley? What are you doing here?” he asked, puzzled.
Miley, without a word, glared at the woman’s hand on Neville’s arm.
Feeling the intensity of Miley’s gaze, Susie quickly let go.
“You should be…”
Susie wanted to greet Miley, but Miley cut her off, confronting Neville.
“Why was your phone off?”
“My battery died,” Neville replied.
“Why didn’t you charge it?” Miley demanded, her voice tinged with anger, thoughts of Neville and Susie spending the night together swirling in her head.
Realizing Miley’s misconception, Susie clarified, “He was at my place, but I didn’t have the right charger for his phone.
”
Her words only aggravated Miley further.
Miley’s eyes instantly reddened.
She inhaled deeply and pressed on, “Neville, did you miss our date not because of some last-minute event, but to be with her?”
“You’ve got it wrong, Miley.
” As Neville stepped closer, Miley backed away.
She fixed her gaze on him and demanded, “Just tell me, were you here last night? Yes or no?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Miley, Listen to me…” Sensing her distress, Neville grabbed her hand firmly, feeling its coldness.
He rubbed it gently, trying to soothe her.
“Miley, please, calm down.
Let me explain.
”
Her eyes, filled with heartache, pierced him.
Miley, slightly calmer, looked down, aware that Neville was dodging her question.
She gave a sad smile and said coldly, “There’s no need for explanations.
Regardless of the opinions others held about you in the past, I never bought into it.
I sensed your genuine care and consideration for me.
I firmly believed you’d changed, but…”
Tears brimmed in Miley’s eyes, her body shaking.
She struggled to keep her voice steady.
“Neville, you make me feel like an idiot.
”
She had always scorned those who lost themselves in love, vowing not to be like them.
Yet, as her feelings for Neville grew, she forgot her own warnings.
###chapter1158
“It’s not what you think, Miley.
” Neville was desperate to clarify but was at a loss for words.
“Go home, and I’ll explain everything later, okay?”
“If you can’t explain now, there’s no need,” Miley said softly, yet with a hint of despair.
She jerked her hand away from Neville’s grip, and looked him in the eye.
“Let’s break up.
”
After she said that, Miley quickly turned and ran off.
She feared that any longer there, and she’d burst into tears in front of Neville.
“Miley… Miley!” Neville called after her, but Miley didn’t stop.
She just kept running.
Neville made a move to follow her, but a sharp pain shot through his thigh, making him gasp.
Noticing his discomfort, Susie rushed to his aid.
As Neville caught his breath, he saw Miley getting into a car.
He stood there, frozen, unable to follow.
Stella, clearly upset with Neville, shot a glare at Susie’s helping hand and then hurried after Miley.
Once they were gone, Susie turned to Neville, concern in her voice.
“Are you alright? Do you need me…”
Snapping out of it, Neville brushed off her hand.
“You said too much earlier.
”
“I was only speaking the truth,” Susie replied, sounding hurt.
Neville’s tone was icy as he reminded her, “I already turned you down yesterday.
I’ve repaid any debt I owed you.
Let’s hope we can go our separate ways after today.
”
“I…” Susie was about to speak when suddenly, a loud car horn cut her off.
Neville turned around and saw Matthew in the driver’s seat.
Ignoring Susie, he hobbled towards Matthew’s car, wincing as he climbed in.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He settled into the seat with a mix of relief and bitterness.
“What brings you here? Sorry you had to see all this.
”
Matthew responded lightly, “Stella was around, so I dropped by.
I tried reaching you all night, but no luck.
”
Neville forced a wry smile.
“My phone died.
”
Curiosity laced Matthew’s voice as he glanced at Neville’s leg.
“What happened to your leg? How’d you end up like this?”
Leaning back, Neville closed his eyes and recounted the previous night’s events.
“Damn it! If only I’d known better, I wouldn’t have gotten involved.
Now look at this mess!”
Matthew paused, his gaze briefly resting on Susie still standing there.
He squinted thoughtfully, then said, “I’ll handle Damon’s issue.
Now, we’re getting you to a hospital.
At the hospital, a doctor was checking Neville over.
###chapter1159
Outside in the corridor, Matthew dialed Stella.
“How are things on your end?” he asked.
The sound of a door closing echoed faintly from Stella’s side of the line.
“I brought Miley back home.
She didn’t utter a word and just headed straight to her bed once in her room.
”
“Alright.
” Matthew glanced towards the exam room.
“Soothe her.
It’s all a big misunderstanding.
After that, I’ll have Neville say sorry.
”
“A misunderstanding?” Stella was taken aback, struggling to believe it.
She had witnessed the closeness between Susie and Neville with her own eyes, and Neville’s failure to provide a clear explanation.
How could this possibly be a misunderstanding?
“Yes.
” Pausing for a moment, Matthew shared the details with Stella.
“I’m here at the hospital with Neville to get his leg checked.
”
Stella let out a relieved exhale upon learning the truth.
As long as Neville hadn’t betrayed Miley, that was what mattered.
“Then you stay with him.
We’ll discuss this later.
” Realizing it was all a misunderstanding, Stella’s attitude towards Neville softened, showing none of her earlier resentment or distaste.
As Matthew ended the call, Neville emerged from the consultation room.
Matthew pocketed his phone and inquired, “How did it go?”
Neville wore a troubled expression, his lips moved, but he remained silent.
Concerned about Neville’s well-being, Matthew turned to the doctor and inquired, “Is he seriously injured?”
“We need to conduct an X-ray to assess his condition and ensure accurate diagnosis.
” The doctor furrowed his brow.
“However, why did he procrastinate seeking treatment for such a severe injury?”
“What exactly is the condition of his injury?” Matthew asked.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The doctor adjusted his glasses’ frame and explained, “Based on the initial examination, he experiences numbness on the inner side of his right thigh, and walking exacerbates the pain.
He is relying on his left foot for support.
Moreover, over eight hours have passed since he sustained the injury.
Determining the exact severity of the injury is challenging.
Let’s proceed with the X-ray first and then plan for subsequent treatment.
”
Matthew hadn’t anticipated the severity of the situation.
He nodded and instructed someone to accompany Neville for the X-ray procedure.
Only after the completion of the X-ray did they ascertain that Neville had suffered a severe injury to the femoral nerves in his thigh.
The doctor promptly issued a hospitalization notice and devised a treatment plan for Neville.
“The condition is quite severe.
We must proceed with surgery to address it.
”
Matthew frowned.
“Will he be fine after the operation?”
Examining the X-ray image, the doctor reassured, “The chances of recovery are high.
Try not to worry too much.
”
Hearing this, Matthew breathed a sigh of relief.
###chapter1160
Once the doctor had left, Matthew took a seat beside the bed and spoke to Neville.
“I’ll summon a nurse to attend to you.
Do you wish to inform your family?”
Neville shook his head.
“No need.
But I need your help for one thing.
”
“What’s the matter?” Matthew asked.
“I…” A trace of embarrassment crossed Neville’s face.
After a brief pause, he stated, “I’d like you to act as my mediator so I can reconcile with Miley.
Miley must be quite upset since she said that she wanted to break up with him.
He realized that if he approached her hastily, she would Likely refuse to see him and wouldn’t be receptive to his explanation.
He wished for Matthew and Stella to provide Miley with an explanation beforehand.
When he recuperated from the operation, he intended to personally visit and offer his apologies to Miley, hoping that it would mitigate her anger.
Matthew nodded.
“I see.
But why didn’t you inform me of your decision ahead of time? Losing a business doesn’t matter to me.
Just look at how miserable you are right now!”
Neville smiled, saying, “We’re good friends, and it’s not every day that I get a chance to do something for you.
I’m more than happy to do this for you.
”
Over the past few years, Neville had been involved with various women, tarnishing his reputation.
It was Matthew who had been willing to assist him in rebuilding and had become a good friend in the process.
He remembered everything Matthew did for him.
Even though he understood that Matthew didn’t expect any repayment, Neville still wanted to sincerely do him a favor.
Matthew glared at him.
“What you can do for me now is to recover as soon as possible.
”
Meanwhile, Susie was having lunch with her parents.
At the table, she appeared lost in thought several times, leaving everyone wondering about the thoughts occupying her mind.
Her parents, Wyatt Blakely and Kamryn Blakely, exchanged puzzled glances and then both shook their heads in confusion.
“Susie…” Kamryn called her name a few more times before she finally snapped out of her reverie.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Kamryn gazed at her affectionately and inquired in a soft tone, “What’s on your mind?” Is there anything wrong?”
Susie shook her head.
“I’m fine.
”
Having spoken, she lowered her head and began to cut into her steak.
Despite Susie’s attempt to appear unaffected, it was evident that something was amiss.
Kamryn set down her knife and fork and pressed on, “Is there something bothering you? Is it because you don’t get along well with Neville? I heard from your father last night that you were very satisfied with him, weren’t you?”
After a brief pause, Susie finally couldn’t hold back and said candidly, “He is a good man.
Dad, Mom, I hope you can tell the Pierce family that I want to marry Neville as soon as possible.
”
Miley found herself in the clutches of a disturbing dream.
In the midst of a wedding ceremony with Neville, her hand reached out to meet his, only to find Susie in her place as the bride.
The crowd, including Stella and Matthew, showered them with congratulations.
###chapter1161
Gasping for breath, Miley stared at the ceiling as the remnants of the dream lingered.
“Miley?” Stella, sensing her distress, hurried to her side.
“Are you hungry? What would you like to eat? I’ll whip something up for you.
”
Stella’s voice brought Miley back to reality.
She sat up, her voice hoarse as she asked, “What time is it now?”
“It’s seven in the evening.
You’ve been asleep all afternoon,” Stella answered with concern.
“Maybe you should have something to eat.
”
Reflecting on the events of the day, Miley felt a weight on her spirit.
She shook her head.
“I’m not hungry, Stella.
You can go back.
I just need some time alone.
”
“Miley.
” Stella gently held Miley’s hand.
“There’s been a big misunderstanding about Neville this morning.
He spent the night at Susie’s place because he got hurt while protecting her…”
“Well, Stella, you don’t have to speak for him.
” Miley, clearly agitated, cut her off mid-sentence.
Stella clarified, “I’m not trying to defend him…”
“Stella.
” Miley fixed her with a stern look.
“If it was just a misunderstanding, and he cared about me, he would’ve reached out instead of leaving me to overthink everything all night.
”
She smirked with a touch of self-deprecation.
“If he had nothing to hide with that girl, why would he lie? The moment he lied, it felt like a betrayal.
”
Attempting to console her, Stella said, “Don’t dwell on it too much.
You can decide after hearing Neville’s explanation.
”
Miley forced a smile and said, “You can go home now.
Thanks for being with me last night.
Go rest.
Don’t worry.
I’ll be okay.
”
With those words, Stella had no choice but to leave.
Before departing, she expressed her concern.
“If you need anything, reach out anytime.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Okay.
” Miley agreed readily.
When Stella returned to Prosper Bay, she found Matthew at home.
The sight of him made her weary, but she mustered the strength to approach and embraced him tightly, seeking comfort in his arms.
In a muffled voice, she asked, “Is Neville badly hurt?”
Matthew gently ran his fingers through her hair and reassured her, “His thigh femoral nerves and bones are injured, but it’s not a major issue.
He’ll recover after the operation.
”
“Okay.
” Stella nodded against his chest, tightening her hold on him.
As Matthew held her, he couldn’t ignore the tension in the air regarding Neville and Miley.
Trying to console her, he suggested, “Once Neville is better, he will patch things up with Miley.
Don’t worry.
”
Stella heaved a sigh.
“I hope they can get back together as soon as possible.
It’s tough for Miley to navigate relationships.
Even if it ends, it shouldn’t be like this.
”
###chapter1162
Sensing unease in her tone, Matthew became alert, holding her face and gazing into her eyes.
“I won’t betray you,” he began slowly, wanting to ease her troubled mind.
“Don’t let their situation make you doubt us.
We’re bound for life.
There might be challenges, but divorce is not an option.
Understand?”
Matthew’s unexpected words caught Stella off guard.
It took a moment for her to grasp his promise, and she was deeply moved.
“Okay,” She said, lifting her head to ki*s the corner of his mouth.
Returning the promise, she declared, “I won’t betray you.
I’m with you for life, Matthew.
”
In the hospital, Neville repeatedly tried calling Miley, but his calls wouldn’t go through.
Frustrated, he switched to texting her, but it was the same.
His messages wouldn’t be sent either.
It dawned on him then.
Miley had blocked him.
Annoyed, he raked his fingers through his hair, about to set his phone aside when a notification caught his eye.
Instinctively, he tapped on it.
The headline on the entertainment news screamed for attention.
“Neville Spotted with a Mystery Woman! The Playboy’s Charm Unfading!”
It featured a photo of him and Susie leaving the restaurant the previous night.
Susie’s face was indistinct due to the angle of the shot.
Surprisingly, the news didn’t stir much public interest.
Maybe it was because the article was buried in a lesser-known section, or perhaps people were just used to seeing Neville in the media.
There wasn’t much buzz around it.
But Neville wasn’t pleased.
His relationship with Miley was already strained, and this misleading news could only worsen things.
She’d be even less inclined to believe any explanations from him.
He was just about to call his assistant to get the article removed when the door to his hospital room burst open.
Looking up, his irritation grew at the sight of the newcomers.
“Why are you here?” he asked, not hiding his annoyance.
Amya hurried over, her concern evident.
“What did the doctor say? Is it something serious?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Hurley Pierce, Neville’s father, trailed behind her, his expression serious and tinged with worry.
However, his reserved nature kept him silent as usual.
Neville put his phone away and said, “I’m okay.
You don’t need to stay.
”
He was clearly upset, not in the mood to deal with anyone.
Amya, however, seemed in high spirits, unfazed by his aloof attitude.
She pulled up a chair and sat down.
“I heard you got hurt saving Susie.
She’s really into you, so…”
###chapter1163
“So what?” Neville cut her off, his tone firm.
“I already told Susie yesterday.
There’s no chance for us.
Just let it go.
”
Amya paused, surprised, then understood what he meant.
She asked coldly, “Is this because of that lowly model?”
Neville’s frown deepened at her words.
“How many times do I have to say she’s not just some lowly model? She owns her own business.
”
“It’s all the same.
” Amya dismissed his explanation.
“I told her off last night.
Told her to stop bothering you.
You should be with Susie.
”
“What did you say?” Shock registered on Neville’s face, turning quickly to anger.
Now it made sense why Miley had shown up at Susie’s house yesterday.
“What exactly did you tell her?” His voice was low and strained.
Amya looked at him nonchalantly.
“I told her to break up with you.
”
“Mom!” Neville yelled.
“Why are you meddling in my business? You always make things worse!”
Hurley, clearly upset by his tone, rebuked him.
“Is that how you speak to your mother?”
Neville opened his mouth to respond but ultimately remained silent.
Hurley continued, “Susie’s parents are fond of you.
They just called to discuss a potential partnership with Pierce Group.
It’s the first time they’ve shown such interest in us.
Neville, don’t ruin this important opportunity!”
Neville knew he couldn’t argue, but he didn’t want to end things with Miley like this.
He tried to get up to find Miley, but a sharp pain in his thigh reminded him of his reality.
He needed surgery and wasn’t allowed to leave the hospital.
Resigned, he lay back down, his mind swirling with thoughts.
“Look at yourself.
You’ve changed ever since you met that lowly model.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In the past, your father and I overlooked your antics because you were young.
But now, you need to think about marriage and our family’s future…”
Amya’s constant nagging only made Neville more frustrated.
Annoyed, he stretched out his hand and pressed the nurse’s call button.
The nurse entered and inquired, “What do you need?”
“I need the surgery done immediately,” Neville demanded sharply.
His mind was filled with the fear of losing Miley if he didn’t get out of the hospital soon.
In Pinster Hospital, Flossie stood by the bed, gazing at the pale figure lying there, deep in thought.
The doctor had assured her that Benny was out of danger, but it was uncertain when he would regain consciousness.
###chapter1164
Clutching his hand, she urged, “Please wake up.
Evelyn left something for you.
”
Remembering the day she was arranging Benny’s transfer, she stumbled upon a letter in the villa.
It was slightly yellowed but neatly sealed.
Flossie suspected Benny never knew about this letter.
She watched him, her eyes reflecting a mix of emotions.
A few days later, Neville had successfully undergone his surgery.
In his hospital room, the doctor checked him over.
“Your recovery is looking good, and you’ll be able to go home.
You’ll need to use crutches, though, and we’re still waiting on some final test results.
”
Neville was itching to leave.
He wanted to meet Miley and tell her everything face-to-face.
As soon as the doctor left, Neville quickly got his discharge sorted out.
But as he was leaving the hospital, he unexpectedly ran into Susie at the entrance.
He looked at her with a mix of surprise and annoyance.
“What are you doing here?” he asked, a bit sharply.
Before Susie could answer, a crowd of reporters swarmed around them.
They were weighed down with their cameras and microphones, making it hard for Neville, with his crutches, to move.
In the chaos, Susie got pushed up close to him.
The reporters, waving their microphones, started firing off questions at Neville.
“Mr.
Pierce, is there some juicy story between you and Miss Blakely?”
“Did she come to pick you up today?”
“We heard about your heroic act to save her.
Has that brought you two closer?”
Surrounded by the reporters, Neville looked increasingly frustrated and angry.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Just as he was about to snap, Susie stepped in front of the cameras with a calm smile.
“This is a private matter for Neville and me.
We’d like to keep it that way and ask you not to make any assumptions.
Please, let us pass.
”
After she finished talking, she shot Neville a wink and urged him to hurry up, gripping his arm tightly.
Neville was puzzled by Susie’s actions and eager to get away from the reporters as fast as he could.
Remembering the warning his dad gave him a few days ago, he didn’t want to argue with Susie in front of the media.
So, even though he wasn’t keen on it, he got into the car with her.
Once they were in the car, Neville pushed Susie’s hand away and said coldly, “Thanks for the help.
But I think I’ve already told you.
From now on, I want us to keep our distance.
Just drop me off later.
”
###chapter1165
Susie chuckled, looked at Neville seriously, and said, “But I’ve changed my mind.
I want to continue dating you.
”
Neville stopped for a moment, realizing she meant it.
His face turned cold as he said firmly, “I have a girlfriend.
”
“It doesn’t matter.
You’ve already broken up ” Susie replied, raising an eyebrow.
“Anyway, I’ll keep chasing you.
”
At the busy mall, Stella pulled Miley along for some shopping.
With Christmas around the corner, she was on a hunt for the perfect present for Matthew and also wanted to cheer Miley up.
‘s BunnyBookery
Ever since that chaotic day, Miley had been sticking close to home.
She ventured out only for work.
Stella started to worry that Miley’s behavior could lead to problems.
“Miley, what do you think of this tie? Do you think it’ll look good on Matthew?” Stella asked, showing her a tie.
Miley, brought back to reality, nodded.
“Yeah, it’s pretty nice.
”
Next, Stella showed her a pair of cufflinks, seeking her opinion.
Miley’s replies were vague and indifferent.
Seeing Miley’s lack of excitement, Stella didn’t insist.
“Let’s wrap it up for today.
I’m tired from the shopping.
How about some food?”
“Sure.
” Miley’s responses were still subdued.
At a cozy restaurant, Stella asked, “Miley, have you thought about seeing Neville? He’s been trying to get in touch.
I heard his surgery was successful.
He’s getting out of the hospital soon.
”
Over the last few days, Miley had processed her feelings and realized she might have been too quick to judge.
She admitted to herself that Neville deserved a chance to explain things.
After a moment’s thought, she said, “If Neville comes to me, I’ll give him a chance to explain.
”
Once Susie had expressed her feelings to Neville, he responded with a casual “whatever” and proceeded to close his eyes, choosing to ignore her entirely.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Not wanting to push him further, Susie decided to leave after dropping him off at the villa.
Inside the room, Neville finally let out a sigh of relief.
He couldn’t decipher if Susie’s actions were spontaneous or if she genuinely held affection for him.
Regardless of her motivations, he chose not to dwell on it, for his focus was now entirely on Miley.
With Miley at the forefront of his thoughts, Neville picked up his phone and dialed Matthew.
He sought Matthew’s assistance, saying, “Miley has blocked all my contact information.
I need you and Stella to help me out here.
Ask Stella to arrange a meeting with Miley, and I’ll explain everything face to face.
With your presence, Miley will definitely listen to me.
”
Matthew readily agreed to the plan.
###chapter1166
The prospect of reconciling with Miley lifted his spirits, dispelling the gloom he had endured during his hospital stay.
He requested the servant’s help in getting ready to meet Miley.
He couldn’t afford to appear before her in his current state.
While taking a shower, Neville noticed something unusual when he touched his lower body.
However, the excitement of reuniting with Miley pushed that thought aside.
He dismissed the anomaly and hurried through his shower.
Meeting Miley was a rare opportunity, and he couldn’t afford to be late.
After exiting the bathroom, Neville spent a considerable amount of time choosing a suit from his extensive wardrobe.
He meticulously assessed himself in front of the mirror before finally heading out.
During the journey, Neville mentally rehearsed what he would say to Miley.
He earnestly wanted to address the misunderstanding between them and clarify his mother’s visit to her.
As he practiced his words, he felt a growing sense of confidence.
Just then, his phone rang, displaying an unfamiliar number.
Neville hesitated for a moment before answering.
The call was from the hospital.
The doctor said anxiously, “Mr.
Pierce, please come to the hospital as soon as possible.
There is something very important I need to tell you.
”
Neville furrowed his brows, glanced at his watch, and replied, “I have something very important to attend to right now.
Can this wait until tomorrow?”
“It’s about your medical examination report…”
Neville’s expression changed dramatically.
“I’ll be there right away.
”
In a restaurant belonging to Pierce Group, Neville had spared no effort in arranging a splendid atmosphere.
The waiters stood poised, eagerly anticipating the arrival of the evening’s distinguished guest, Miley.
Matthew chauffeured Stella and Miley to the restaurant’s entrance, parking the car before joining them inside.
As they stepped into the restaurant, the attentive waiters welcomed them with synchronized gestures.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella admired the exquisite decorations, taking the opportunity to speak on Neville’s behalf.
“It’s evident that Neville has poured his heart and soul into this evening.
He sincerely wishes to apologize and mend things with you, Miley.
Try not to hold on to your anger too tightly.
”
Miley’s expression softened somewhat, though she remained reserved.
“We’ll discuss it later.
”
Guided by a courteous waiter, the two women took their seats.
The waiter, acting on Neville’s instructions, poured a glass of gr@pe juice for Miley.
“Mr.
Pierce had me prepare this for you.
He mentioned that you enjoy gr@pe juice.
Please have a taste.
”
Miley’s face remained impassive, but a hint of a smile flickered in her eyes as she accepted the glass.
Stella sensed that Miley had begun to calm down and was showing signs of forgiveness.
She continued to advocate for Neville, saying, “Miley, when you speak with Neville, try to listen to him first.
###chapter1167
Let’s not argue, okay?”
“Alright,” Miley agreed, taking a sip of the gr@pe juice.
However, as they waited in the restaurant, time passed, and the appointed hour neared its end.
Yet, there was still no sign of Neville.
Exiting the parking lot, Matthew was just about to step into the restaurant when his phone rang.
It was Neville on the line.
With a hint of regret in his voice, Neville said, “Something urgent came up, and I can’t make it to the restaurant.
Could you please let Miley know for me?”
“Where are you now?” Matthew paused and asked, concern creasing his brow.
Neville responded, “Just tell Miley I’m sorry, okay? I really have something important to do.
”
“I can’t help you with this,” Matthew declined without hesitation.
“Are you aware of the gravity of the repercussions if you cancel the meeting today? You should tell Miley yourself.
”
Neville sounded even more worried as he replied, “Miley won’t listen if it comes from me.
Please, Matthew, I need your help.
Trust me, it’s a real emergency.
”
Hearing the desperation in Neville’s voice, Matthew agreed reluctantly.
“Fine, but this is the last time.
”
He ended the call and stood at the restaurant’s entrance for a moment, lost in thought.
Finally, he walked in and took a seat.
He waved a waiter over and said, “Let’s start with the dishes.
”
The waiter, Stella, and Miley all looked surprised.
“Mr.
Pierce hasn’t arrived yet.
Are you sure…?” the waiter asked.
Stella and Miley were also eager to hear his reply.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew had just asked the waiter to bring out their food.
Once the waiter left, he turned to Miley and said, “Neville won’t be able to join us tonight.
”
Miley’s face fell in an instant.
After a moment of quiet, she forced herself to sound calm and asked, “Why isn’t he coming?”
Matthew shrugged.
“He didn’t say why.
”
Glancing around at the restaurant’s decor, Miley felt out of place amidst the extravagant lights, almost like a clown.
She realized Neville’s love for her must have faded.
Despite the effort he put into setting up this dinner, it seemed like just another attempt to placate her.
She knew deep down that she would always be the one left behind, just like that night, tonight, and likely in the future.
###chapter1168
How could she still hold any hope for Neville?
“I’m not hungry.
Enjoy your meal,” Miley said abruptly, grabbing her purse to leave.
“Miley, wait,” Stella interjected, taking her hand.
“Maybe Neville has a real reason.
Look at how he’s arranged everything here.
He must want to make things right with you.
”
But Miley’s expression remained unchanged, her face giving nothing away.
“Even if you’re upset, you should eat something before you go.
It’s not good to be hungry,” Stella urged her gently.
“Alright,” Miley agreed and relaxed back in her seat.
“Hey, can we get the menu and the wine list? I’m in the mood to try the best wine and dishes here, and put it all on your boss’s bill.
”
Stella understood that Miley was expressing her frustration with Neville in her own way, so she didn’t try to stop her.
“I’ll have this, and that… Bring everything on the menu.
” Miley ordered almost every item available.
After giving the menu back to the waiter, she turned to Matthew with a serious look.
“Neville must have some special wines here, right?”
Matthew nodded truthfully.
‘s BunnyBookery
With a playful smile, Miley said, “Well, let’s bring them all out.
We’ve got plenty of time tonight, why not enjoy it?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew glanced at Stella, hoping she would talk Miley out of it, but Stella just gave him an encouraging wink.
Reluctantly, Matthew instructed the waiter to bring out the wines.
Before long, the table was filled with dishes and bottles of wine.
Ignoring the lavish spread, Miley opened a bottle of wine and drank two glasses quickly.
Then, she called Neville.
On the surface, she acted as if everything was normal, trying to show she wasn’t bothered by the day’s events.
In her head, she kept telling herself that breaking up wasn’t a big deal.
But deep down, she couldn’t fool herself.
She was terrified.
The thought of breaking up with Neville filled her heart with dread.
She really didn’t want their relationship to end.
###chapter1169
In the hospital, Neville exited the doctor’s office and sat down on a nearby bench, deep in thought.
The doctor’s recent words were ringing in his ears.
“Mr.
Pierce, your surgery fixed the wound, but we found serious damage to your sacral nerves that we can’t fix right now.
” The doctor looked serious.
“And from what you described, this injury might even impact your reproductive system.
”
Neville turned pale.
“So… is there a way to heal this?”
The doctor shook his head.
“It’s a tough situation, which is why I called you as soon as I got the report.
You need to be ready for this.
”
Before Neville left, the doctor offered a bit of hope.
“Don’t lose heart.
There could be new medical advancements in a few years.
”
Neville gazed at the medical report for a while, struggling to gather his thoughts.
Then, with a sigh, he stood up, ripped the report to pieces, and threw them into the trash bin next to him.
At midnight, Stella helped a very drunk Miley out of the restaurant.
Miley kept looking back, insisting, “I want more drinks… I haven’t finished mine…”
“Okay, okay, we’ll have more drinks at home.
It’s late; let’s head back and continue there,” Stella replied, trying to calm her down.
Matthew’s car arrived, and together with Stella, they helped Miley into the back seat.
Stella made sure Miley was comfortable before telling Matthew, “Please drive slowly, Matthew.
”
Despite their care, Miley couldn’t help it and threw up halfway through the journey.
“Matthew, stop the car, please,” Stella said urgently.
She quickly assisted Miley out and held a trash bag for her.
Miley gripped the bag, retching into it.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella gently rubbed her back, feeling a mix of helplessness and sympathy.
Suddenly, Miley started sobbing loudly.
It was unclear if her distress was due to physical discomfort or emotional pain.
She had thought getting drunk would erase her memories, but they only seemed to become sharper and more vivid.
She sobbed until she struggled to breathe.
Stella crouched next to her, offering tissues to clean her face and mouth, softly reassuring her, “Don’t cry.
Everything will be alright.
”
“Stella…” Miley clung to Stella, tears streaming down her face.
“Why did everything have to go so wrong? I didn’t want any of this.
”
“I know.
” Tears filled Stella’s eyes as well.
She hugged Miley tighter, trying to soothe her.
“Don’t worry, a good night’s sleep might help.
Things will look better in the morning.
”
###chapter1170
Miley gradually stopped crying after a while.
Stella gently guided her back to the car.
Exhausted from her tears and the effects of alcohol, Miley leaned on Stella, quickly falling asleep.
Stroking Miley’s hair back from her face, Stella let out a tired sigh.
She leaned towards Matthew in the front seat and said, “Have a word with Neville when you can.
He needs to decide what he wants.
It’s not fair to keep hurting Miley like this.
”
“Understood.
With a serious look, Matthew nodded.
“I’ll talk to him, don’t worry.
”
Stella stayed quiet, not wanting to disturb Miley.
The car moved quietly through the streets.
When they reached Miley’s house, Stella got out first, whispering to Miley, “We’re home.
”
Miley mumbled a response, her eyes still closed.
Stella fished out the keys and helped Miley out of the car.
As they approached the door, a man’s voice broke the silence.
“Let me help her inside.
”
Stella and Matthew turned towards where the voice came from.
Stella had been holding back her anger all evening.
Seeing Neville, she snapped, “Really? You’re coming now? Where on earth have you been?”
“I’m sorry, Stella.
I…”
“Don’t apologize to me! I’m not the one you should be apologizing to!”
Stella took a quick glance at Miley and inhaled deeply to calm herself.
“Why are you just coming?”
“I’m sorry; it’s all my fault…” As Neville spoke, Miley fell forward.
He immediately caught her.
“I’m really sorry for all the trouble.
You guys can head back now.
I’ll take Miley in; it’s late.
”
Stella stared at him coldly and refused to let go of Miley.
A few seconds of silence passed before Matthew finally stepped in.
He pulled Stella back.
Neville was finally able to hold Miley completely.
Stella
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
stepped forward again, but Matthew quickly intervened.
“My love, we should let them sort it out themselves.
”
“I promise you, Stella, I’ll explain everything to Miley.
” Neville seemed serious.
Stella could tell that he was being sincere, her anger began to subside slowly.
“You better learn to treat her right if you really want to be with her.
”
“I do and I will.
I promise.
You should head back.
I’ll make sure she’s okay.
” With that, Neville scooped Miley up in his arms and walked inside, leaving Matthew and Stella standing outside.
Stella finally decided to let them handle it themselves and walked away with Matthew.
Matthew drove off after they settled in the car.
They soon arrived at their villa.
Matthew let out a long sigh as he parked the car.
“Finally…just us.
”
###chapter1171
Stella got what he meant.
She had been worrying these past few days because of the state Miley was in.
Besides, she had been busy with work.
The last few days had gone by with her only reaching out to him once in a while when she needed something.
And no matter how busy he was, he would help her with whatever it was she needed.
Stella felt bad as she realized this.
She held Matthew’s hand and soothingly rubbed small circles with her thumb.
“Forgive me, okay? I promise to make it up to you.
”
Matthew’s gaze rested on their interlaced hands, and his lips curled up into a smile.
“I don’t forgive you.
”
“What can I do to earn your forgiveness then?” Stella asked.
In response, he leaned down and ki*sed her tenderly and slowly as if teasing her on purpose.
“Mm…” Stella moaned Lightly.
Matthew deepened the ki*s.
Their tongues danced together as he took full control.
Stella’s arms went around his neck as she matched his pace.
They both pulled away at the same time.
Matthew’s forehead rested against hers.
His palm remained on the side of her cheek as he used his thumb to caress it tenderly.
He stared at her lovingly, causing her cheeks to turn bright red.
She gently pushed him.
“We should go inside.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Right…” Matthew let her go and got out of the car.
He walked over to her side, opened her door and offered his hand.
“Come on, love…”
In Miley’s villa, Neville carefully helped her out of her coat and gently laid her down on the bed.
He paused, thinking, and then went to get a set of pajamas to help her change.
Suddenly, Miley’s eyes flew open, and she caught Neville’s wrist tightly.
Neville stopped, stunned for a moment.
Miley looked up at him, her eyes cloudy and tearful from drinking.
Her voice was soft and accusing.
“Neville… You jerk, why did you make me wait so long at the restaurant? Stella and Matthew were there.
I was so embarrassed.
Don’t you care? You bastard!”
Neville stood there, letting her scold him, while he kept saying, “I’m sorry.
I messed up.
I’m really sorry…”
But Miley seemed not to hear him, lost in her own confused thoughts.
She wasn’t sure if the man before her was real or just a product of her longing.
All she wanted was to give in to what she felt, just this once.
If he was real, then let the mistakes be real too.
Miley pulled Neville down to her and ki*sed him.
She couldn’t believe how much she had fallen for him, aware of his parents’ disapproval but unwilling to leave him.
###chapter1172
Neville didn’t push her away.
Instead, he gave in to the ki*s with Miley.
She was the one he truly loved.
Neville clung to a tiny hope, wishing the diagnosis he received was wrong.
But the passionate ki*s didn’t stir his desires.
He felt nothing.
Realizing this, he was filled with embarrassment and couldn’t lie to himself or her anymore.
Neville gently moved Miley away.
She tumbled back onto the bed, still holding onto his neck, not wanting the moment to end.
“Miley, let’s just take a moment.
” Neville held her hands.
“There’s something I need to tell you.
”
Seeing his serious face, Miley became more alert.
She fixed her clothes and leaned against the headboard, asking, “What do you need to say?”
“I…” Neville looked at her, struggling to find the right words.
Miley’s smile faded a bit, but she kept her voice easy.
“Go ahead.
Say what you need to.
”
Neville paused, looking at her, then looked away, unable to meet her eyes.
“Miley, we should break up.
”
Her face changed subtly, and after a long silence, she replied, “Don’t I deserve an explanation?”
Neville bit his lip, staying quiet.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley refused to give up and pushed further, asking, “Is there someone else you love?”
Asking this hurt her, but she needed to face whatever was causing their issues.
Neville just shook his head, staying silent.
Miley’s face showed her anxiety as she held her breath.
“Or do you think I’m not good enough?”
“It’s not like that…” He kept shaking his head.
“Please, let’s not do this.
We should break up.
”
“No!” Miley couldn’t accept it.
She got out of bed and reached for Neville’s hands.
“Look at me.
I need a real reason, or I can’t agree to break up.
”
“Miley…”
“Neville, give me a reason I can understand.
” Her voice was shaky with emotion.
“I can’t let us end like this.
You have to tell me why.
”
###chapter1173
But Neville stayed quiet.
“Please, tell me!” Her emotions were on the verge of breaking.
Finally, Neville pulled away, took a deep breath, and faced her.
“It’s because I don’t love you anymore.
”
A sudden realization washed over Miley, bringing with it a crystal-clear clarity she had never experienced before.
The truth hit her like a ton of bricks, causing tears to well up in her eyes.
She gave Neville a blank look.
“What did you just say?”
As she spoke, tears streamed down her face.
Neville restrained the impulse to wipe her tears as a pang hit his heart.
He looked away, took a deep breath and said, “I really loved you when we were together before.
But I don’t feel that way anymore.
Let’s go our separate ways.
”
“I understand.
” Miley clenched her fists, her nails digging into the flesh of her palms as tears flowed down her flushed cheeks.
She wiped her face and said, “I’ve been feeling like we’re drifting apart lately.
It’s not just because you’ve been busy with work, is it? I can sense that you’ve been wanting to leave me, haven’t you?”
Neville’s eyes narrowed, his face a mask of dark intensity.
He tightened his grip, enduring the pain as he said, “I’ve been wrestling with how to tell you without causing more hurt.
You’re Stella’s friend, and I didn’t want us to affect her and Matthew.
”
Miley chuckled.
Was he expecting gratitude for considering Stella?
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Her nose wrinkled and voice quivering, she asked, “Do you think this won’t hurt me? Just go; I don’t want to see you anymore.
”
She turned away, wiping tears, trembling with despair.
Neville’s face twisted in pain, eyes reflecting his inner turmoil.
He clenched his teeth and forced himself to continue.
“Get some rest now.
I’m leaving now.
”
With that, he turned and walked away.
The sound of his footsteps echoed in Miley’s head, and she wished desperately that it was all a joke.
But Neville didn’t return; the closed door marked the end.
The room grew hauntingly silent, only her shallow breaths were audible.
Tears streaming down her face, Miley looked helplessly to the door.
###chapter1174
She no longer had any reason to assure herself.
Neville didn’t love her anymore.
He truly intended to break up with her.
She collapsed on the bed and zoned out, staring blankly out the window.
The gentle snowflakes danced from the sky.
The chilly air was filled with the festive spirit of Christmas, which was fast approaching.
It was supposed to be her and Neville’s first holiday together.
She’d planned to take Neville on a skiing trip.
But now, all her carefully crafted plans burst like a bubble, and the heavy feeling of disappointment lingered.
He’d been ready to give up on their relationship.
The next day, as Stella watched Luka’s performance, she couldn’t help but steal a glance at her phone.
Her chat interface was flooded with messages to Miley, who had been unresponsive since last night.
Stella was feeling a bit anxious, wondering how Miley’s discussion with Neville had turned out.
As Luka wrapped up his scene, he couldn’t help but notice that Stella seemed preoccupied, her attention elsewhere.
He walked up to her and asked, “What are you thinking about?”
Stella’s worry for Miley had consumed her attention; she’d forgotten all about Luke.
The sound of his voice brought her back to reality.
As she lifted her gaze, she noticed that the filming had come to an end, and the crew was busy tidying up the set.
Hastily, she stowed away her phone and turned to Luka.
“I was just contemplating.
I think I need to put away the costumes.
”
Luka followed her silently.
Stella initially ignored Luka’s persistent presence, but eventually, she paused and asked, “Is there anything I can assist you with?”
Luka’s lips formed a subtle pout, betraying a hint of bashfulness that one could easily miss.
He cleared his throat and asked, “Would you like to come with me to the wrap-up party for the movie? It’s a dinner and I would be honored to have you as my date.
”
Stella’s eyes widened in shock as she gazed at Luka, her expression one
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
of sheer disbelief.
Luka, feeling her intense stare, squirmed uncomfortably.
He had psyched himself up for this moment, mustering all his courage to extend this invitation to her.
“So, what do you say?” he blurted out, feigning impatience, eager for her response.
Snapping out of her daze, Stella couldn’t help but smile wryly.
“You do remember I’m married, right?”
Luka responded calmly, “Sure, but that shouldn’t stop you from being my date for the evening.
With a light-hearted smile, Stella teased, “I don’t want to upset my husband.
Plus, you’re up for best actor, right? Imagine the gossip and the glares from all those actresses if I showed up with you.
I’d rather not stir up any drama.
”
Luka’s face twitched slightly, a hint of discomfort showing.
“I’m just asking you to accompany me, not to be my girlfriend or anything.
”
Stella’s tone turned serious.
“No, Luka.
I’ll be bringing my husband along.
”
###chapter1175
Luka was left speechless at her firm response.
Just then, Alina strolled up, having overheard their conversation.
She couldn’t help but tease Luka, “Didn’t you always say Stella was your fan? You used to love giving her a hard time every day.
And now you want her as your date? What changed?”
Luka blushed at her words.
“Stella, don’t overthink it.
I just prefer to avoid rumors.
Bringing a married woman along seems safer.
”
Stella simply smiled in response.
Alina gave him a meaningful look and smiled back, saying, “It’s good to hear that.
”
After the day’s work, Luther brought together the key staff and actors.
He announced, “We’re having a dinner for our wrap party, and everyone’s welcome to bring their partner.
Plus, I’ve invited a special guest.
”
Someone asked, “Who’s coming?”
“It’s a secret, but you’ll be excited to meet them, Luther replied playfully, keeping it a mystery.
This sparked a buzz of excited whispers and low cheers.
Luther called for quiet, then turned to Stella.
“Thanks for your amazing work on the costumes.
The fans absolutely loved the sneak peeks of the movie.
”
As he finished, the room erupted into loud applause.
Luka watched Stella, his eyes filled with admiration.
Stella gave a polite bow to them and announced, “I’ll take you all out for dinner when the movie’s out.
”
Her promise was met with a round of applause.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After parting ways with the film crew, Stella headed over to Miley’s place.
She hadn’t heard from Miley for the whole day and it left her feeling uneasy.
Standing at Miley’s door, she pressed the doorbell and waited.
There was no answer.
“Miley, you in there?” Stella called out, knocking on the door.
There was still no response.
Worried, Stella dialed Miley’s number.
The phone seemed to ring endlessly.
Just as she was about to hang up, it finally connected.
“Miley, where are you?” Stella blurted out, her voice tinged with concern.
“I landed a job last night.
I’m on a work trip overseas now.
”
Miley’s voice came through, sounding distant.
“Why didn’t you respond to my messages or calls?” Stella’s tone grew more serious.
###chapter1176
“Sorry, I’ve been swamped with work and didn’t check my phone,” Miley replied softly.
Stella let out a relieved breath, sensing nothing amiss in Miley’s voice.
Then, she asked cautiously, “About last night… Is everything okay with you and Neville?”
There was a brief silence before Miley responded calmly, “We’ve broken up.
”
Stella was shocked.
Things seemed like Neville and Miley were going to end well last night.
She expected them to make up.
“What happened exactly? Neville actually said that?” Stella asked in disbelief.
Miley cut her off.
“It’s normal for couples to break up, Stella.
Don’t worry about me, I’m fine.
I caused you way too much trouble these past few days.
I’ll talk to you later, okay?”
“But Miley…” Stella wanted to say something more, but Miley hung up.
Miley was trying to act tough.
And it only made Stella worry more.
Stella went back to Prosper Bay.
As she got to the gate, she saw Matthew’s car being parked.
Matthew got out of the car and walked to her.
He hugged her tightly.
“What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
With his arm wrapped around her, holding her close to him, he walked into the house.
Stella looked up at him.
“Neville broke up with Miley.
Did you know?”
She just couldn’t get it no matter how much she pondered on it.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The restaurant was decorated extremely well, but Neville stood Miley up and broke up with her after saying he would take care of her.
Stella just couldn’t figure it out.
What was wrong with Neville?
Matthew paused for a few seconds.
“I didn’t know.
I couldn’t get in touch with him today either.
”
Knowing how much Stella cared about the matter, he tried reaching out to Neville when he got to the company, but failed to get through.
Stella let out a long sigh.
“I just don’t get him!”
Matthew ruffled her hair gently.
“They’ve decided.
All we can do now is respect their decisions.
”
Stella knew that already but just couldn’t stop herself from worrying.
Matthew lowered his head to meet her eyes.
“Don’t be upset, sweetheart.
I have good news.
”
“What ?”
###chapter1177
Matthew asked, “Since tomorrow is Christmas Eve, I plan to officially announce the date for our wedding to my family.
What do you think?”
Stella’s eyes widened.
She wasn’t expecting him to say that.
After the last time she tried on the wedding dress, Matthew hadn’t said anything about the wedding.
It turned out he had been planning secretly.
Matthew laughed heartily and playfully pinched the bridge of her nose.
“What’s on your mind? Are you okay with it?”
Stella finally snapped out of her trance.
“I’m just a bit surprised.
”
They had been separated for almost a year after their marriage.
She never thought there would actually be a proper ceremony.
Matthew hugged her and placed a gentle ki*s on her forehead.
“I plan to set the date on your birthday.
I want you to be the happiest woman on earth.
”
“I already am,” she said, looking at him longingly.
After he left Miley’s house that night, Neville went to a bar to drink away his misery.
He drank for nearly a whole day.
He stumbled out of his car.
There was a woman standing at his door.
He was overjoyed, thinking that the woman was Miley.
He walked closer and realized it was just Susie.
He scowled.
“What?” he asked, already extra irritated.
Susie could tell that he was extremely drunk from the smell of alcohol on him.
“Are you okay?” She reached out to help him.
“Leave! It doesn’t concern you!” Neville yelled and harshly pulled his hand away from her grip.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He staggered towards his door, input the password and opened it.
Once he was in, he threw his coat aside and fell on the sofa.
Worried, Susie followed him in.
“I’ll take care of you.
”
“You’re not welcome.
Get out.
”
Susie didn’t take offense and explained.
“It’s Christmas Eve tomorrow.
I’m inviting you to celebrate with my family.
”
Neville ignored her so she pressed on.
“Your parents have agreed.
”
Neville’s eyes shot open.
His gaze landed on her.
“I don’t have a choice, huh?”
It was Christmas Eve.
With the movie shoot wrapped up, Stella found herself with some free time.
She decided to spend the day at the Clark family’s home, arriving early in the morning to lend a hand.
###chapter1178
Matthew, however, was tied up communicating with business partners because of the holiday and had to head to the company to sort things out.
Stella joined Lucia in the kitchen.
Lucia shared, “Even though Matthew isn’t much for sweets, there’s one particular dessert he never misses on Christmas Eve.
Sadly, the cook who specializes in it had to take leave this year due to family matters.
”
Stella inquired softly, “What dessert is it?”
“Gingerbread cookies,” Lucia replied.
Stella beamed.
“Grandma, I can make those.
”
“Really?” Lucia looked at Stella, a mix of surprise and curiosity in her eyes.
Stella shared her passion.
“I really enjoy desserts, so I often experiment with different recipes in my free time.
I’ve made gingerbread cookies before, and they turned out quite well.
”
Lucia’s face lit up with a smile.
“Well then, please make some for us today.
Do we have all the ingredients you need?”
After checking, Stella confirmed, “Everything’s here.
”
She washed her hands and began to expertly mix the ginger powder, cinnamon, and other ingredients with the flour.
Noticing Lucia’s keen interest, Stella explained each step of the process.
“Next, we’ll use cookie cutters for shaping, then bake them in the oven for about sixteen minutes.
After that, we just let them cool off, and they’ll be ready.
”
Impressed, Lucia complimented her, “Stella, you’re quite talented.
Matthew is fortunate to have your gingerbread cookies this Christmas Eve.
”
Stella felt a bit bashful at the praise.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She invited Lucia to help with shaping the cookies.
Together, they placed the tray in the oven.
With a satisfied clap of her hands, Stella announced, “Now, we just wait.
”
Before long, the delightful scent of baking cookies wafted from the oven.
Lucia couldn’t resist giving Stella a thumbs up.
“Stella, you’re amazing!”
By five o’clock in the afternoon, the kitchen was filled with the enticing aromas of ham and turkey.
As dinner time approached, Stella decided to call Matthew.
“Have you wrapped up your work? Are you coming home soon?”
“I’ll be leaving shortly,” Matthew responded before ending the call.
He set down his phone and shifted his focus to Fernando, his voice dropping to a more serious tone.
“Any news about Benny yet?”
Fernando shook his head, his expression tinged with concern.
“No, but I’ve got people on it, continuing the search.
”
###chapter1179
Leaning back in his chair, Matthew looked thoughtful.
“We need to find him quickly.
He could become a major problem if left unchecked.
”
“Understood!” Fernando acknowledged with a nod.
As Matthew organized the documents on his desk, he rubbed his temples and suggested, “You should head home.
You’ve put in a lot of effort these past few days.
It’s Christmas Eve, after all.
Spend some quality time with your family.
”
Fernando gave a slight nod, replying, “I’ll head out then.
And you should leave early too.
Be careful driving in the snow.
”
Matthew responded nonchalantly.
It was already getting dark very early in winter.
As Matthew exited the company building, the sky was overcast, with fine snowflakes gently falling.
The streets were adorned with colorful lights, creating a festive atmosphere.
The cheerful scene lifted Matthew’s spirits.
He swiftly started the car, his thoughts turning to Stella.
That was the first time he felt such eagerness to return home and reunite with his family.
The Christmas Eve meant fewer people on the roads.
Matthew picked up speed, his car gliding swiftly along.
Suddenly, a figure darted in front of his car.
Matthew frowned and blared his horn.
But the person seemed oblivious and stumbled forward.
Matthew slammed on the brakes, the car screeching to a halt.
When he looked again, the figure had disappeared.
Without hesitation, Matthew stopped the car, unbuckled his seat belt, and stepped out to investigate.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
There, in front of his car, lay a woman.
Matthew knitted his eyebrows together as he knelt down.
He moved closer to the woman and was hit by a strong whiff of alcohol.
He scrunched up his face and lightly tapped her shoulder, saying, “Excuse me, Miss?”
The woman didn’t respond.
After a moment’s hesitation, Matthew reached out to lift her up.
When he saw her face, he caught his breath.
She looked so much like Stella, especially her eyes and eyebrows.
But he quickly shook off the thought.
Noticing her thin coat and the bruises on her bare arms, Matthew’s frown deepened.
###chapter1180
In this freezing weather, she was at risk out here.
He didn’t waste any time calling the police, and then he took her to the nearest hospital.
Once she was checked over, the doctor informed him, “She has some minor skin injuries, but we’ve treated them with medication.
”
Looking at the woman still out cold, Matthew asked in a worried tone, “If she’s okay, why hasn’t she woken up?”
The doctor explained, “She drank too much.
We had to pump her stomach.
Her family should stick around for a bit.
”
Matthew almost explained he didn’t know the woman, but the doctor was gone too fast.
Shrugging it off, he dialed Stella.
Worried she might be waiting, he explained, “Stella, something unexpected came up.
I’ll be a bit late.
”
“Alright,” Stella responded, her words few but caring.
“Just be safe getting back.
”
“Will do,” he replied shortly, ending the call.
Putting his phone away, he noticed the woman in the bed starting to wake up, trying to sit up.
“Hold on there,” Matthew said softly, easing her back down.
“The doctor will be back for the procedure.
Stay put for now.
”
She gave him a quiet, two-second stare and nodded.
Shortly after, a nurse escorted her to another room.
“Could you handle the payment first?” she asked Matthew.
He went to sort out the payment.
When he got back, the woman was in a regular ward, getting advice from the doctor.
Seeing this, Matthew decided it was time to Leave.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As he was about to leave, the woman unexpectedly called out to him.
“Sir…”
Matthew turned around and inquired, “Is there anything else you need?”
“I wanted to thank you for your help today.
My name’s Elizabeth Wallace.
Could I possibly get your name? I’d like to give you my contact info.
” Her face turned red, and she clasped her hands tightly, her voice slightly shaky with nerves.
She quickly added, “Please don’t get the wrong idea.
I just want to pay you back for the medical costs today.
”
Matthew responded firmly, “No, that won’t be necessary.
”
With that, he opened the door and walked out.
Elizabeth sat there, watching him go, a mix of emotions on her face.
###chapter1181
A fleeting look of affection appeared in her eyes.
She remained fixated on the spot where he had been, even after his tall figure had vanished from view.
The sound of her ringing phone snapped her back to reality.
She hesitated for a moment before answering.
The worried voice of her mother came through.
“Elizabeth, it’s getting late.
Where are you? Why haven’t you returned yet? I’m sorry about earlier.
I won’t make you stay any longer.
We’ll leave in a few days.
”
Elizabeth’s mind wandered back to the man she had just met, and a small smile formed on her lips.
In a cheerful voice, she replied, “Mom, I’ve decided to stay in Seamarsh a little while longer.
”
It was close to eight in the evening when Matthew reached the Clark family villa.
He shrugged off his coat as he entered the dining room, where a delicious spread awaited on the table.
“Sorry for being late.
” Matthew apologized to Stella and the rest, settling into his seat beside her.
“There was a car accident on the way that delayed me a bit.
”
Stella promptly took hold of his arm, concerned.
“Are you okay? Did you get hurt?”
Matthew shook his head.
“A woman, who seemed drunk, suddenly ran in front of my car.
I took her to the hospital and waited until she got checked out before returning.
”
He gently held Stella’s hand, reassuring her, “I’m fine, don’t worry.
”
Hearing this, everyone breathed a sigh of relief.
Even Waldo, not known for his smiles, relaxed a bit and said, “Thank God you’re okay.
Just be more careful when driving in the future.
Let’s dig in now.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Okay,” Matthew replied.
Just then, Stella’s phone chimed.
It was a video call from Clint.
Politely excusing herself from the company around her, she swiftly responded.
Clint’s cheerful face greeted her on the screen.
“Stella, it’s Christmas Eve.
How are you and Matthew marking the occasion?”
Stella proudly tilted her phone to display the feast.
“Grandpa, we’re celebrating with Matthew’s grandparents in their lovely villa.
How about you?”
Clint’s grin widened as he shifted the camera to reveal the bustling kitchen.
“Juliette is tackling a turkey.
Three attempts in, but I’m patient, waiting for her to…”
Before he could finish, Juliette’s protest echoed in the background.
“Grandpa, don’t broadcast my failures.
I promise this one will be a success.
”
###chapter1182
Stella could sense the liveliness of Clint’s home through the screen.
It lifted her spirits amid the pang of missing the holiday with him.
Returning the focus to himself, Clint whispered to Stella, “Stella, I’ve got Juliette and Oliver here.
I’m genuinely happy.
You enjoy your time at Matthew’s; don’t worry about me.
”
Stella nodded, ready to speak when Matthew leaned in, addressing Clint.
“Hello, Grandpa.
Stella and I plan to visit you in Bysea after the New Year.
And, there’s something I want to share in advance…”
He glanced at Stella and announced, “Stella and I are gearing up for our wedding soon.
”
Clint’s laughter echoed, causing his mustache to tremble, and his aged eyes glistened with tears.
Dabbing his eyes, he exclaimed happily, “Good, good, good.
Arrange as you like.
Eagerly awaiting your wedding.
”
Before he could finish, Juliette’s cry echoed.
“Oh dear, I’ve burnt it again… It’s the fourth turkey now!”
“Stella, Matthew, I’ve got to go check things, or Juliette might turn my kitchen into ashes.
” Clint swiftly ended the video call without waiting for Stella’s goodbye.
Stella gazed at the screen, feeling a bit helpless.
She then sent Clint a voice message, wishing him a Merry Christmas.
After wrapping up all this, she set her phone down.
Lucia, seated across from her, observed the scene and remarked with a smile, “Your family is quite amusing.
We’ve overlooked it.
You and Matthew have been married for a while, and we haven’t set up a meal for both families to meet.
”
Prompted by this, Stella realized she hadn’t thought it through.
She nodded in agreement.
“I’ll bring them over to meet you all next time they visit Seamarsh.
”
After the meal, Stella rose from her seat and headed to the kitchen, fetching the gingerbread cookies she’d specially crafted for Matthew.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Grandma mentioned these are your Christmas tradition.
Give them a try and let me know what you think.
”
Her eyes held a mix of nerves and excitement as she observed him.
Matthew took a cookie, took a bite, and exclaimed, “Delicious, just like every year.
Did Grandma whip these up?”
Grinning, Lucia shook her head.
“Stella made them for you.
”
Matthew beamed with joy, turning to plant a quick ki*s on Stella’s cheek.
He whispered, “Incredible.
You’re amazing.
”
Caught by Lucia’s smiling gaze, Stella blushed and kept her eyes lowered.
Observing Stella’s shyness, Lucia commented, “This Christmas Eve is different from before.
I hope every Christmas Eve is as joyful as this one.
”
That evening, Lucia mentioned it had been a while since they hung out and invited them to spend the night in her place.
Back in the room, Stella headed for a shower.
Emerging from the bathroom, she settled on the balcony, lost in her thoughts.
###chapter1183
After completing his tasks, Matthew tossed his phone aside and took a seat in front of Stella.
He gazed at her and asked, “Are you feeling down?”
Stella shook her head.
“No, it’s my first Christmas Eve in your home.
I’m not used to it.
”
Matthew embraced her, stating, “Next Christmas Eve, let’s go to Bysea to visit your grandpa and celebrate with them.
”
Stella rested in his arms, gazing at the night sky without saying a word.
They sat in silence until Stella broke it, “During the last treatment, my memory suggested my mother was still alive.
I don’t know if I can find her.
”
She sighed, feeling a bit melancholic for some reason.
Matthew lowered his eyes, tightening his hold on Stella.
“As long as your mother is alive, I’ll help you find her.
”
He cupped Stella’s face, looking at her earnestly, and said, “Promise me, whatever troubles you face in the future, you must tell me.
I’ll help you solve them and protect you always.
”
Stella’s brows furrowed, and her eyelashes quivered, moved by the moment .
After pondering for a bit, she lifted her head, ready to speak, only to be silenced by Matthew’s ki*s.
“Matthew… Wait.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Caught off guard, she instinctively wrapped her arms around Matthew’s neck, seeking support as their lips parted slightly.
Before she could recover, Matthew gently guided her head back down onto the bench, ki*sing her with intensity.
Taking in the scent of her hair, Matthew found himself captivated.
Following a prolonged and passionate ki*s, Stella felt drained of energy.
Her gaze turned hazy, cheeks flushed, lips slightly swollen and adorned with a beautiful hue.
“Why did you suddenly…” She began, but before she could finish, Matthew held her hand, guiding it downward.
As her soft hand encountered the warmth, she hesitated, fingers trembling as she tried to pull her hand out.
Mathew interrupted her efforts with a ki*s.
Stella shut her eyes, cheeks reddening in shyness.
She shot a nervous glance outside and attempted to withdraw her hand, whispering, “Stop, we’re still on the balcony.
People might see us.
”
Yet, Matthew seemed oblivious to her plea.
Eyes shut, he ki*sed her fervently, lost in the moment.
###chapter1184
“I’ve learned to fry eggs for now.
It’s quite simple, actually,”
Matthew responded, guiding Stella away from the hot stove.
“If you like them, I’ll learn more recipes.
That way, you can enjoy a variety of breakfasts every day,” Matthew added after carefully placing the eggs onto a plate.
He then guided Stella to sit at the table with one hand.
“I’m really looking forward to that,” Stella replied, lifting her head to smile at him warmly.
Matthew’s response was a light chuckle, which Stella found delightfully pleasant.
“Let’s eat first.
” Matthew poured a glass of milk for Stella with a smile.
Scanning the room, Stella asked, “Where are grandpa and grandma?
Shouldn’t we wait for them?”
“They left early for their morning walk.
They said they didn’t want to disturb us,” Matthew responded as he passed Stella a slice of jam—smeared toast.
Blushing slightly, Stella accepted the toast and bit into it eagerly.
“Take small bites; there’s no rush.
Have some milk,” Matthew said with a smile, handing her the glass.
Sipping the milk, Stella said, “About that invitation… I was planning to ask you to accompany me to the party, but you beat me to it.
”
“Neville and I invested in the movie a while back.
We got the invitations before the shooting wrapped up.
I just didn’t give it to you until last night,” Matthew responded casually.
Stella paused briefly at the mention of Neville.
“Is Neville going to be there too?”
Matthew shook his head.
“I’m not sure.
I haven’t been able to reach him lately.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella nodded in response and didn’t say anything.
After breakfast, Matthew got ready for work.
As he was about to leave, he turned to Stella.
“I’ll come to pick you up this evening, and we’ll head to the dinner together.
”
“Okay,” Stella replied, happy with the plan.
“See you tonight.
” Matthew leaned down and ki*sed Stella on the Lips.
Just as he was about to start his car, Matthew’s phone buzzed.
He glanced at the screen to find a message from an unfamiliar number:
“Hope to see you again.
”
The message was brief, mysterious, and unsigned.
###chapter1185
Matthew eventually dismissed it as unsolicited spam and deleted it, giving it no further thought.
After Matthew left, Stella went to the set for some additional work.
The director had praised the outfits she created for the film.
Luther had assured her that, after the movie was shown, these costumes would be featured as star models.
So, Stella needed to bring them back to the studio for a closer look to see if there were any adjustments that needed to be made.
Upon her arrival at the set, only a few staff members cleaning up the set.
She quickly said hello to everyone and made her way to the costume room.
Some outfits were out of reach, high above.
Even on tiptoes, Stella couldn’t reach them.
She looked around, found a chair, and used it to reach the clothes.
Stella’s attention was completely on the clothes above, and she didn’t notice that there was a makeup case on the nearby cabinet.
Just as the case was about to fall on her, someone stepped forward to protect her.
The makeup case fell, striking the man’s back.
“Ouch.
”
When Stella heard the groan, she was momentarily frozen in shock.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Regaining her composure, she looked up to see Luka had shielded her.
She was surprised and deeply concerned.
She quickly helped him to a seated position and asked with concern, “Are you okay?”
Luka wore a pained expression as he replied, “No.
”
Upon hearing that, Stella got even more flustered.
“Let me take you to the hospital.
”
The thought of causing a big star like Luka to miss work because he saved her filled her with guilt.
Struggling, Luka agreed but requested, “Please get my sunglasses and mask first.
”
Stella quickly brought them to him.
While driving to the hospital, Stella kept glancing over at Luka.
Noticing her frequent looks, Luka reminded her, “Be careful driving.
Try not to look at me.
”
That’s when Stella redirected her focus to the road, yet she continued to express her concern.
“Does your back still hurt?”
###chapter1186
“Yes.
” Somehow, Luka enjoyed seeing Stella’s concern for him.
He slightly smiled.
Reflecting on the incident, he said, “It’s good I was at the set today.
Otherwise, that heavy case could have hit you.
Be more careful next time.
I might not always be there to save you.
“I’ll be more mindful,” Stella responded sincerely.
With one hand supporting his head, Luka stared at Stella’s side face without reserve, hidden behind his sunglasses, his feelings a mix of emotions.
However, before he could sort out his thoughts, they arrived at the hospital.
After assisting Luka with the registration, Stella returned to check on him, asking, “Does it still hurt?”
“Yes,” Luka replied briefly.
Stella asked softly, “Do you want me to apply some pain relief spray first?”
Luka nodded in agreement.
As Stella carefully lifted his shirt, she gasped at the shocking red mark.
She applied the spray gently.
Looking up, she noticed Luka watching her intently.
Stella’s face hinted at a touch of panic.
“What’s wrong? Is there something on my face?”
She wondered if she had accidentally touched something dirty while sorting out the clothes on the set.
Stella touched her face unconsciously.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Luka chuckled.
“You know, the more time I spend with you, the more I realize you’re special, and my feelings for you keep growing stronger.
”
Startled, Stella lowered her hand and said seriously, “Don’t talk like that.
”
“I mean it.
” Luka stared at her.
“If you weren’t married, I’d definitely pursue you.
”
Luka’s sudden confession of love caught Stella off guard, leaving her flustered and unsure how to react.
Just then, the doctor called out for Luka.
“It’s your turn.
Go in for your checkup,” Stella quickly said, seizing the opportunity to avoid the awkward moment Luka cast a deep, lingering look at her but remained silent.
He then stood up and entered the consulting room.
As soon as the door shut behind him, Stella exhaled deeply, patting her chest in relief.
Luka’s sudden change in attitude perplexed her.
She recalled their initial encounters, where it seemed Luka wasn’t particularly fond of her.
She wondered why his feelings had shifted so rapidly.
She couldn’t shake the suspicion that Luka might have an ulterior motive.
This thought somehow made Stella feel a bit more at ease.
###chapter1187
Soon after, Luka emerged from the consulting room.
Stella quickly approached him with concern.
“What did the doctor say? Is your condition serious? Do you need to stay in the hospital?”
“No, it’s not that severe.
It didn’t affect the muscles or bones.
I just need to apply some medicine for a couple of days,” Luka replied casually.
“That’s a relief,” Stella responded, visibly reassured.
Then, remembering the evening’s plans, she asked, “Are you planning to go to the banquet tonight? If you’re not feeling well, it’s better to rest at home.
Don’t overexert yourself.
”
“Don’t worry.
I’ll definitely be there,” Luka responded with a smile.
Patti Curtis, an actress, struggled with her dress at home in preparation for the dinner party.
Despite multiple attempts, she couldn’t manage to zip it up.
She had shed ten pounds to fit into this dress, yet it still seemed too snug.
Growing increasingly frustrated, Patti made several more attempts before losing her patience.
“Camilla, come in here and help me zip this up!” she yelled at her assistant.
“Okay, Patti,” Camilla responded, quickly entering the room.
“Hurry up and help me with the zipper,” Patti snapped.
Camilla approached cautiously, her head lowered.
She knew an accidental touch or tear might irritate Patti and provoke another outburst.
Despite Camilla’s best efforts, the zipper remained stuck.
“Patti, perhaps you could wear a different dress?” Camilla suggested, gathering her courage.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I must wear this dress today.
” Patti’s glare was sharp and immediate.
The wrap party for the movie “Cliff,” directed by Luther, was set to take place tonight at Seamarsh’s top hotel.
This high-profile film attracted a continuous flow of celebrities and business magnates to its celebration.
Everyone was eager to make an appearance before the film’s release, but Patti had a more specific motive.
She was attending mainly for Luka.
Patti had shared several scenes with Luka in the movie.
Though her role was brief, spanning just a few minutes, she had become infatuated with him during their time on set.
For this occasion, Patti had invested heavily in a limited-edition dress imported from overseas months in advance.
She wanted to look her absolute best in front of Luka.
She was determined not to let this opportunity slip away.
Staring at Camilla, Patti said sternly, “Hurry! If I can’t wear this dress tonight, consider your job gone.
”
Camilla, accustomed to Patti’s demanding nature, silently bowed her head.
She had long learned that working with Patti was challenging, but it was a job she couldn’t easily let go of.
“Take a deep breath, Patti,” Camilla said, stepping closer.
Following the instruction, Patti inhaled deeply, and with that, Camilla finally managed to zip the dress.
###chapter1188
“Done, Patti.
” Camilla exhaled in relief.
Patti admired her reflection in the mirror, twirling to see every angle.
The sight of herself in the dress lifted her mood instantly.
“Do you think Luka will notice me tonight?” Patti asked, seeking validation from Camilla.
Camilla replied with a forced smile, “Of course.
Patti, we should head out now to avoid being late.
”
Patti responded with a cold snort before she slipped into her high heels and strode out of the room with arrogance.
She was certain that she would charm Luka at the party tonight.
As night descended on Pearl Hotel, guests began to gather.
It was Stella’s debut at a significant event as Mrs.
Clark, alongside him, which understandably made her anxious.
However, in Matthew’s presence, her nerves started to ease.
Sensing her unease, Matthew offered a reassuring gesture, softly patting her hand.
“Just hold onto my arm, don’t stress.
You look stunning tonight.
”
Stella responded with a nod and a smile.
Clutching Matthew’s arm, she entered the banquet hall with a beaming smile.
Their arrival immediately drew the gaze of everyone present.
With her lips curved in a smile, Stella looked radiant.
Her elegant makeup and long champagne dress highlighted her graceful figure beautifully.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Her thick hair flowed over her shoulders, enhanced by a diamond-studded rose accessory on her forehead, yet it was her sparkling eyes that truly shone.
She exuded elegance and a noble aura, leaving almost everyone in awe.
Matthew was a famous name in Seamarsh.
The crowd approached the couple, offering compliments on Stella’s appearance and remarking on how well she complemented Matthew.
With a polite smile, Stella engaged in conversations with them.
A part of her mind drifted to a few months prior, when she was seen as just an ordinary girl, seemingly unfit to be with someone Like Matthew.
While she was lost in thought, a whisper caught her attention.
“Hey, isn’t that Neville? It’s been ages since he brought a date to these events.
For a moment there, I thought he’d changed.
”
“Yeah, Neville’s always had an eye for beauty.
Each of his dates seems more stunning than the last.
”
“But have you seen his date tonight? She’s breathtaking.
Maybe he’s finally ready to settle down.
”
Hearing this, Stella quickly looked around.
To her astonishment, the woman by Neville’s side wasn’t Miley, but Susie, whom she had briefly encountered at the villa’s entrance some time ago.
###chapter1189
Stella had come across some gossip about Neville and Susie in the news recently.
At the time, she dismissed it as mere speculation, unwilling to accept that Neville had moved on so quickly after breaking up with Miley.
But now, seeing Neville with Susie at the party, Stella was forced to reconsider her thoughts about him.
She silently branded him as heartless.
Nudging Matthew, who looked equally baffle, she gestured towards Neville.
In a hushed tone, Matthew suggested, “Stay here a minute.
I’ll go have a word with Neville.
”
“Sure.
” Stella was clearly in a sour mood and her replies were short and to the point.
She felt a pang of sympathy for Miley, who had unfortunately fallen for the wrong guy.
After spending some time consoling Stella, Matthew made his way over to Neville.
As Matthew approached, Neville introduced Susie to him with a grin.
“Matthew, meet Susie Blakely, my girlfriend.
”
After the introductions, Matthew and Susie exchanged brief nods.
Then, Matthew turned to Neville.
“I need to talk to you in private.
Now.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Why the secrecy? We’re all friends here.
Just say it,” Neville responded with a mischievous smile.
Not amused, Matthew insisted, “It’s personal.
Just come with me.
”
He then headed towards the lounge at the back of the banquet hall.
Neville reassured Susie, “Stay here, I’ll be right back.
”
“Don’t worry about me,” Susie replied, showing understanding and kindness.
Neville nodded and followed Matthew.
Once they were alone, he asked, “What’s got you so worked up?”
With a serious look, Matthew questioned, “What’s going on between you and Miss Blakely?”
Neville scoffed, “What’s up with you? You know me well enough.
I switch girlfriends like I switch shirts.
Why’s it bothering you so much?”
Matthew gazed at him, searching for any sign of pretense in Neville’s nonchalant demeanor, but found nothing but apathy.
Matthew’s voice was firm.
“Come on, Neville, don’t play dumb with me.
You’ve got a soft spot for Miley.
Why’d you dump her all of a sudden?
###chapter1190
If you’re just trying to tick her off, that’s low!”
Matthew had seen how Neville had changed for Miley, and now, Neville’s attitude of throwing it all away suggested he was hiding something.
Neville didn’t reply.
He just walked over to the lounge fridge and grabbed a beer.
After downing half the bottle, he said casually, “Matthew, you’re sticking your nose in too much.
”
He smirked, forcing a relaxed look.
“Whether Miley and I were in love doesn’t matter.
My girl now is Susie, from the Blakely family.
”
He emphasized Susie’s family name, as if to reassure himself.
“Don’t spread rumors when you’re out.
Susie’s promised that Blakely Group will back Prosperity Group.
We won’t need to look for another partner.
Isn’t that good for both of us?” Neville continued.
After making his statement, Neville glanced up at Matthew, offering another smile.
This only served to irritate Matthew more.
He looked Neville in the eye and said firmly, “Neville, you don’t have to give up your happiness for me.
This is your last chance to be honest.
What are you hiding?”
Neville, under Matthew’s intense gaze, felt a strong impulse to confess everything.
‘s BunnyBookery
Yet, he questioned the point of such honesty.
He was impotent now, unable to bring joy to Miley.
In his mind, it was better to let her go, to seek her own happiness.
As for himself, he had resigned to simply getting by, abandoning the pursuit of happiness.
Finishing off his half-empty beer bottle with a sense of detachment, Neville replied coldly, “Matthew, no matter what you ask, that’s all I’m going to say.
Drop it, or we’re no longer friends.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Meanwhile, Stella had been waiting in the rest area for quite some time, with no sign of Matthew or Neville.
She considered reaching out to Miley but hesitated, fearing it might complicate things.
She hoped Miley, busy with work, might return having moved past the heartache of the breakup.
Feeling relieved, Stella sat quietly for a while.
Suddenly, her stomach growled, reminding her that she hadn’t eaten all day.
She got up and headed to the dining area, where a dazzling array of desserts awaited.
A cake caught her eye, but her dress made it difficult to reach.
Just then, a commotion erupted behind her.
Someone exclaimed, “Look at Luka! He’s so handsome! No wonder he’s a top star.
”
Stella paused at the mention of Luka’s name and turned to Look.
###chapter1191
Luka emerged from the crowd, followed by a girl.
Stella couldn’t make out the details from her spot, but she didn’t care to know.
Since Luka had confessed his feelings at the hospital, Stella was unsure of his true intentions.
She didn’t want any interaction with him here.
She quickly looked away, intending to slip away unnoticed.
But as she turned, Luka was there, stopping her in her tracks.
“Stella.
”
Stella paused, uncertain whether to turn around and acknowledge Luka.
However, Luka had already approached her and said in a hushed tone, “Help me shake off that woman, as a favor for me shielding you in today’s incident.
My back is still aching.
”
Unable to devise an excuse to leave, Stella agreed reluctantly.
“Alright.
”
Observing Stella’s rigid expression, Luka offered a sly smile.
Stella didn’t engage with him.
As she turned, her gaze fell on Patti approaching.
To her astonishment, they were donning identical dresses.
Patti, equally taken aback, scrutinized Stella and queried suspiciously, “Luka, who is this woman?”
Before Luka could reveal Stella’s identity, Patti’s lips curled into a mocking grin.
Eyeing Stella’s dress, she remarked, “This is Luther’s wrap party.
Even if you can’t splurge on a high-end dress, you can’t parade in a counterfeit.
Don’t tarnish Luther’s film promotion.
”
Her tone feigned concern, but her intent was clearly to belittle Stella.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Luka, visibly upset, was about to interject, but Stella had already stepped closer to Patti.
In a courteous manner, Stella inquired, “Miss, what makes you claim my dress is a fake?”
Patti laughed dismissively.
“I acquired this dress for a hefty sum.
It’s a globally exclusive piece.
I doubt you could afford such luxury.
”
Always self-assured, Patti regarded Stella as a mere attention-seeking starlet, paying her little mind.
Unfazed, Stella retorted, “If you paid a steep price for that dress, then you’ve been swindled.
Your dress isn’t worth what you think.
It’s an imitation.
”
“What are you talking about?” Patti’s irritation was palpable.
“What would you know about luxury? You’re just an up-and-coming actress.
How dare you speak to me in that manner?”
###chapter1192
“I may not be an expert in luxury,” Stella replied, her voice tinged with a faint smile, “but I do have keen eyesight.
The stitching on your lace dress is askew, hardly even passable as a decent imitation.
”
Patti instinctively glanced down at her dress and, to her dismay, noticed the uneven stitching, her composure faltering.
Yet, she countered stubbornly, “What would you know? This is a unique design feature from the designer.
”
Stella arched an eyebrow and scrutinized her dress.
“Not only is the stitching off, but the lace quality is subpar, and the silhouette is unflattering.
Does your waist feel unusually tight?”
This question caught Patti off guard.
Since the onset of her career, her fans had always lauded her for her slim waist.
Though she had struggled to zip up her dress, she had assumed it was merely a sizing error.
Stella’s candid remarks made her question the authenticity of her purchase.
However, the thought of having spent a considerable amount was too much to concede to the idea of a counterfeit.
With a defiant posture, Patti exclaimed, “Enough! Your attempts to deflect won’t change the fact that you’re the one in a counterfeit.
”
Pointing at Stella in anger, she was caught off guard when, upon raising her hand, a ripping sound echoed, followed by a sudden chill across her back.
Just as the piano music in the banquet hall ceased, the sound of a dress tearing resonated.
A loud gasp followed, drawing almost every guest’s attention.
“Ah!” Patti shrieked, swiftly covering her chest to avoid total exposure.
Initially stunned, the guests soon erupted into laughter.
A voice sneered mockingly, “Is this her latest scheme to capture Luka’s attention? How distasteful.
Could Luka ever fancy such a woman?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Another chimed in, “For such a significant event, why didn’t she choose a reliable dress? Who does she think she is?”
A third voice added, “This is disgraceful! She’s ruined the entire event.
Why haven’t the security guards escorted her out?”
Mortified, Patti couldn’t bring herself to look up, crying out, “Camilla, come here, quick!”
“Patti…” Camilla rushed over, draping a coat over Patti and leading her away.
“Please, no photographs, please.
”
Hiding her face, Patti clutched her dress and followed Camilla, head bowed in shame.
Watching Patti’s hurried exit, Luka exhaled in relief.
As Stella began to leave, he instinctively grasped her hand, pleading, “Don’t go.
”
Stella shrugged off his hand, warning him, “Luka, we’re in public.
Please don’t touch me.
Just speak your mind.
I’ve already helped you get rid of her.
We’re even now.
”
###chapter1193
Noticing her eagerness to keep a distance, Luka felt a pang of discontent but couldn’t argue back.
He insisted, “I genuinely need to speak with you.
Why are you in such a rush?”
Stella conceded, “Fine, I’ll stay.
What is it?”
Luka queried, “How did you know Patti’s dress was a counterfeit?”
With a wry smile, Stella revealed, “Have you forgotten my job? I’m a designer.
I created that dress myself.
It’s a one-of-a-kind piece.
”
Having said her piece, Stella was eager to leave.
The combination of Patti’s debacle and Luka’s striking presence had drawn many curious glances.
“I need to find someone now.
” After saying that, Stella turned around and left.
Luka, observing her receding figure, couldn’t help but admire her poise.
Meanwhile, in the lounge, Matthew and Neville were engaged in a silent standoff, each sizing up the other.
The tension was broken by a knock at the door and Susie’s voice calling, “Neville, are you there? My parents have arrived.
Would you accompany me to greet them?”
“I’ll be right there,” Neville answered.
He rose and addressed Matthew in a subdued tone, “Let’s resume this discussion once you’ve cooled off.
”
As Neville reached for the door handle, Matthew’s voice halted him.
“Neville, it’s you who needs to calm down.
”
Neville paused briefly, then left without a word.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Outside, Susie inquired with concern, “Is everything okay?”
“It’s fine,” Neville replied casually, taking her hand to change the subject.
“Shall we go meet your parents?”
“Okay,” Susie responded, her smile brightening.
As their voices faded, Matthew prepared to leave the Lounge in search of Stella.
However, as he rounded a corner, he collided with Luther.
“Mr.
Clark, I’ve been looking for you,” Luther greeted him.
“There’s an esteemed guest I’d like you to meet.
” He gestured with a smile to the woman standing beside him.
Matthew’s eyes fell upon her.
He furrowed his brow, recognizing something familiar in her features but unable to place her.
Extending her hand, the woman greeted him warmly.
“It’s a pleasure to see you again, Mr.
Clark.
I’m Elizabeth.
Do you remember me?”
Wearing a vividly colored dress that accentuated her stunning figure, Elizabeth was a stark contrast to her usual natural look.
###chapter1194
Her makeup was rich and striking, complete with eye-catching lip gloss.
Hearing her name, Matthew struggled to recall her in his memory.
Eventually, he recognized her and asked casually, “You’re out of the hospital?”
With a friendly nod, Elizabeth replied, “Yes, thanks for everything last time.
”
“It was nothing,” Matthew responded, his tone even and face expressionless.
Noticing the odd dynamics of their conversation, Luther asked, “So, you two have met before?”
Elizabeth said with a smile, “I’ve been trying to get to know Mr.
Clark, but he’s not making it easy.
I had to follow him here.
”
Her voice was light, but her gaze towards Matthew held more weight.
Before Matthew could respond, his phone rang.
Seeing Stella’s name, he smiled.
“Excuse me, I need to take this,” he said, answering the call with short, soft responses before hanging up.
After putting his phone away, he nodded to Luther apologetically.
“I have to go.
My wife’s waiting.
Sorry.
”
Without a glance at Elizabeth, he left the scene.
Elizabeth watched Matthew walk away, lost in thought for a moment.
“Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark seem so in love.
” Luther couldn’t hold back his admiration.
Snapped back to reality, Elizabeth looked surprised.
“Mr.
Clark’s married? He looks so young.
I assumed he was single.
”
Luther, realizing Elizabeth was new in town, explained warmly, “Mr.
Clark’s quite accomplished for his age, and his wife’s just as impressive.
Her name is Stella.
She’s the brains behind the costumes in this movie.
”
He rarely gave compliments, but speaking of Stella, his tone was full of respect.
“Stella’s known for her professionalism and dedication on set.
She and Matthew make a great team.
”
But as Luther praised Stella, Elizabeth’s face fell, unnoticed by him.
“I’ll introduce you two later,” Luther said, looking at Elizabeth.
“You two would get along great.
”
Elizabeth forced a smile.
“Really? Then I can’t wait to meet Mrs.
Clark.
”
Meanwhile, Matthew found Stella.
Before he could speak, she led him to a secluded spot.
Stella quickly asked, “What’s up? What did Neville tell you? Is he really getting together with Susie?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A shadow passed over Matthew’s eyes as he remembered his talk with Neville.
After a brief pause, he replied, “Neville’s got his own issues, but he’s keeping them to himself.
”
Stella looked upset and a bit annoyed as she heard this.
“Miley’s been out of the country lately, and her phone’s been off.
She’s probably upset because of something he said.
And why does he have to date another woman the moment they split up?”
Seeing her frustration, Matthew gently squeezed her cheek and soothed her, “Don’t worry too much.
Their love life is their own matter.
We can only do so much.
Just be there for Miley when you get in touch.
”
Stella agreed, “That’s all I can really do.
”
As they spoke, Stella’s gaze fixed on the door, her expression changing.
Following her gaze, Matthew saw Neville walking in with Susie, and a middle-aged couple with them, likely her parents.
“What a lowlife!” Stella muttered, glaring at them with a look of scorn.
###chapter1195
In that moment, Neville’s gaze shifted abruptly, his expression transforming from surprise to a smile as he acknowledged Stella with a nod.
Feeling a wave of repulsion, Stella turned away, refusing to grant him another glance.
The hall’s ambiance changed as the lights dimmed, heralding Luther’s entrance onto the stage, microphone in hand.
Beside Stella, Matthew gently grasped her hand, leaning in to whisper, “Luther has a special surprise guest tonight.
”
Though Luther had hinted at this during filming, he’d carefully left the guest’s identity a mystery.
Stella racked her brains but couldn’t deduce who it might be.
Yet, from Matthew’s tone, it was clear he was privy to the secret.
Curiously, she whispered back, “Who could it be?”
Matthew’s Lips curved into a knowing smile.
“You’ll see soon enough.
”
Despite Stella’s persistent queries, Matthew maintained a playful silence, compelling her to focus her attention back to the stage.
Engaging the audience with tales of the film’s creation and humorous anecdotes, Luther skillfully steered the conversation towards the anticipated guest.
“Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to introduce a star of the screen, Elizabeth Wallace.
”
The crowd’s anticipation peaked as Elizabeth gracefully ascended the stage, her gown flowing behind her.
‘s BunnyBookery
As the spotlight illuminated her, Matthew’s expression unexpectedly stiffened.
His initial plan, unknown to Stella, was to have Luther invite Bella, hoping to facilitate a meeting between her and Stella.
Elizabeth’s unexpected presence threw a wrench into his plans.
Why did Elizabeth suddenly come?
Observing the enigmatic woman now commanding the stage, Stella felt a tinge of confusion.
Turning to Matthew, she inquired, “Is she the guest you hinted at?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew opened his mouth to respond, but Elizabeth preemptively addressed the audience.
“I’m deeply honored to be here tonight, thanks to Luther.
It’s a pleasure to meet all of you.
” Her voice was a gentle melody.
Her gaze meandered across the room, finally resting on Matthew with a radiant smile.
“And a special thanks to Mr.
Clark.
”
The audience’s attention snapped to Matthew, Stella’s included, her look one of growing suspicion.
Matthew, however, remained stoically indifferent.
A murmur swept through the crowd, one voice cutting through with a sharp observation.
“Doesn’t Elizabeth bear a striking resemblance to Mr.
Clark’s wife.
”
The suggestion rippled through the audience, with many agreeing.
“Absolutely, particularly around the eyebrows.
”
Speculations about their connection started to arise.
“Could be plastic surgery, or perhaps there’s a deeper bond.
Given Elizabeth’s earlier remarks, it seems she’s quite familiar with Mr.
Clark.
”
“But they only resemble each other, and Mrs.
Clark’s maiden name differs,” someone countered.
###chapter1196
As the whispers swirled, Stella couldn’t resist a second glance at Elizabeth, noting undeniable similarities.
Elizabeth, sensing Stella’s scrutiny, met her gaze with a significant look before gracefully descending the stage, wine glass in hand, and approached Matthew.
Encountering Stella, Elizabeth’s enthusiasm was palpable.
“You must be Mrs.
Clark.
Such beauty! We’ve been told we resemble each other.
Does that bother you?”
Stella was taken aback by Elizabeth’s direct approach, realizing that not everyone was comfortable discussing resemblances with others.
However, Elizabeth seemed unfazed by such conversations.
With a gentle shake of her head and a friendly smile, Stella responded, “Of course not.
You’re quite beautiful yourself.
”
Elizabeth offered no reply to this, her attention shifting to Matthew.
“I owe you my gratitude, Mr.
Clark,” she said, her voice embodying a blend of sweetness and vulnerability.
Observing the exchange with a puzzled look, Stella listened as Elizabeth continued, her smile unwavering.
“On Christmas Eve, I was in a bit of a state, drunk and passed out by the roadside.
Mr.
Clark, here, was my savior.
He took me to the hospital, stayed until I was treated, and then quietly left.
Mrs.
Clark, your husband’s kindness is remarkable.
”
Silently absorbing Elizabeth’s words, Stella pieced together the story of whom Matthew had aided that night.
Elizabeth’s tone might have been neutral, but to Stella, there was an underlying sting in her words.
Matthew, his expression unreadable, tightened his grip on Stella’s hand and offered a straightforward explanation.
“It was a cold night.
I couldn’t just leave her there.
It was the right thing to do, nothing more.
”
His attempt to distance himself from the situation left Elizabeth slightly embarrassed, yet she maintained her composure, adding a polite, “Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
Matthew didn’t reply.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A brief, awkward silence followed, eventually broken by Luther’s timely arrival.
His presence eased the tension considerably.
Luther, addressing Matthew, expressed gratitude.
“Mr.
Clark, your commitment to a long-term contract with our company is greatly appreciated.
I promise to deliver more exceptional films.
”
Matthew replied nonchalantly, “You’re welcome.
I believe your company has a bright future.
”
“You’re a talented and dedicated director, Luther.
We’d be delighted to collaborate on future projects,” Stella chimed in, her tone warm and supportive.
Grinning broadly, Luther responded, “That’s a deal.
With two capable collaborators like you, success is assured.
”
Intrigued, Stella asked, “Is there another one?”
Luther cleared his throat before replying, “For my upcoming film, I’ve chosen Elizabeth as the lead actress.
”
Pressing her lips together, Stella remained silent.
###chapter1197
Brimming with pride, Luther added, “Elizabeth isn’t just a gifted actress; she’s also Bella Wallace’s daughter.
”
Matthew experienced a jolt of surprise and scrutinized Elizabeth with a more focused gaze.
He had initially planned to inquire Luther after the banquet about Bella’s absence.
However, the revelation that Elizabeth was Bella’s daughter caught him off guard.
His expression hardened, and a solemn air enveloped him.
He remembered feeling a striking similarity between Elizabeth and Stella upon their first encounter.
The mother-daughter connection between Elizabeth and Bella suddenly brought clarity to his observations.
Oblivious to Matthew’s internal astonishment, Luther continued cheerfully, “Bella was indeed invited today, but an unforeseen commitment prevented her attendance.
Given her status as a distinguished designer, her schedule is understandably hectic.
Intriguingly, I had been contemplating a collaboration with Elizabeth, so extending an invitation to her seemed apt.
”
Matthew absorbed this information, maintaining his composure as he averted his gaze.
Luther then addressed Stella.
“Although Bella couldn’t grace us with her presence, she entrusted me to deliver a gift to Stella.
”
“What? A gift for me?” Stella’s eyes widened in amazement, her finger pointing at herself in utter disbelief.
Bella Wallace was an iconic figure in the design realm, idolized by many for her expertise and elusive nature.
Few had the privilege of encountering her personally.
Stella had long revered Bella, experiencing her artistry only through high-end fashion showcases.
The notion of receiving a personal gift from Bella seemed surreal.
Luther had someone bring over the gift, elaborating, “She was captivated by the dress you created for Alina Walker at the award ceremony.
She’s been eager to meet you since viewing it online.
”
He passed a gift box to Stella.
Upon opening it, Stella found an exquisite diamond-studded brooch, feather-shaped and uniquely captivating.
She was deeply moved by the gesture.
Graciously, she closed the box and expressed to Luther, “While it’s disappointing not to meet Bella, receiving her gift is a profound honor.
Please convey my heartfelt gratitude and admiration to her.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Certainly.
” Luther nodded in affirmation before turning his attention to Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, I recall your specific request for Bella’s presence at the banquet.
Regrettably, an unforeseen commitment arose, and she was unable to attend.
It’s a pity.
A meeting between you two would have been quite enriching.
”
Stella cast an incredulous look towards Matthew, piecing together that he had orchestrated this surprise for her.
Although she felt a twinge of disappointment at not meeting Bella in person, the thoughtful gesture of receiving Bella’s gift left her deeply content.
Overwhelmed with gratitude, Stella silently mouthed a thank you to Matthew.
Meanwhile, Elizabeth, who had been somewhat sidelined in the conversation, couldn’t help but feel a trace of dissatisfaction.
The focus of the conversation was about Stella.
Masking her feelings with a courteous smile, Elizabeth said, “It seems you are quite keen to meet my mother.
I’ll make sure to pass on your wishes and try to arrange a meeting for you someday.
”
###chapter1198
With a polite yet somewhat forced smile, Elizabeth extended her hand to Stella.
“Luther mentioned you’ll be the artistic director for the upcoming movie.
My mother recognizes your talent, and I feel quite confident about working under your direction.
I’m looking forward to a fruitful collaboration.
”
Sensing an underlying tension beneath Elizabeth’s cordial facade, Stella hesitated momentarily before accepting the handshake.
“I, too, anticipate a successful partnership.
”
The banquet drew to a close, and Matthew, aware of Stella’s probable exhaustion, promptly escorted her to Leave.
As they approached the parking lot, secluded from the crowd, Stella was about to broach the topic of Bella.
However, her words were cut short by a voice calling from behind.
“Mr.
Clark…”
Stella glanced over and noticed Elizabeth approaching.
Her expression showed a mix of surprise and politeness as she asked, “Miss Wallace, do you need something?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Elizabeth stopped right there, fixing her gaze on Matthew.
“I had a bit too much to drink at the party, and I can’t find a driver.
Could I ride with you, Mr.
Clark?”
Her tone was questioning, yet her request left little room for a no.
Matthew barely glanced at her, responding icily, “There are plenty of taxis in Seamarsh.
”
Elizabeth’s face fell at his blunt refusal, clearly not expecting it.
But she wasn’t ready to give up.
Turning to Stella with a Look of distress, she pleaded, “Mrs.
Clark, my dress isn’t exactly taxi-friendly.
Could you please give me a ride?”
She clutched her chest with one hand and pressed the other to her forehead, looking both weary and weak.
Stella hesitated for a moment, feeling sympathy for Elizabeth’s situation.
Finally, she gave in and said, “Okay.
”
She knew they’d be working together on an upcoming film and didn’t want to start off on the wrong foot.
Matthew seemed ready to again when Elizabeth swiftly opened the car’s front passenger door.
Facing Stella’s slightly troubled look, Elizabeth apologized with a smile, “I’m sorry, Mrs.
Clark, but I get car sick easily.
I usually sit in the front.
”
As she spoke, she began to step into the car.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Suddenly, a car screeched to a halt beside them, its brakes squealing loudly.
Elizabeth stopped, startled by the noise.
The car window rolled down smoothly, and Luka popped his head out, eyebrows slightly raised.
“Miss Wallace, are you heading home? Come on.
Hop in my car.
I’ll drive you.
”
Elizabeth was about to decline, but Luka quickly interrupted, “Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark need some private time.
Better not to get in their way.
” He gestured towards Elizabeth with a playful tilt of his chin.
“It’s just me in my car.
You can talk with me.
I’d love to give a ride to a beautiful lady Like you.
”
Stella felt a sense of relief at Luka’s arrival.
She smiled warmly.
“Well, if that’s the case, thanks for taking Elizabeth home.
”
###chapter1199
Matthew came up and shut the passenger door firmly, his voice cool and detached.
“No one but my wife sits in the front passenger seat of my car.
”
Elizabeth’s eyes met Matthew’s, her expression one of slight confusion.
She had hoped she might persuade Matthew to offer her a ride, yet her plan seemed to fail.
Not wanting to appear too eager, she said casually, “I’m fine with riding in any car.
Thanks, Luka.
”
However, her words hung in the air unanswered.
Feeling a bit awkward, Elizabeth inhaled deeply, held her head high, turned around, and climbed into Luka’s car.
Stella sent Luka a thankful glance, silently mouthing “thank you” to him.
Luka simply smirked, rolled up the window, and drove off.
As they left, Matthew and Stella also got into their car together.
On their drive home, Stella pulled out Bella’s gift, inspecting it with a smile.
‘s BunnyBookery
Thinking back to Luther’s words at the party, she asked, “Was Bella’s invitation because of you?”
Matthew gave a nod.
“Didn’t you want to meet more top fashion designers? I saw the chance and asked Luther for a favor.
Sadly, Bella had something come up and couldn’t make it.
”
Matthew chose not to reveal the real reason behind Bella’s invitation, thinking it wasn’t the right time for the truth.
Stella put the gift aside, gazing sincerely at Matthew.
“Thank you, my love.
You’re always so kind to me.
”
Matthew looked at her and smiled warmly.
“You’re my wife.
It’s my job to make your dreams come true.
No thanks needed.
”
Stella gave a nod of appreciation and let out a light sigh, filled with a bit of regret.
“This time, I missed the chance to meet Bella.
Do you think we’ll have another chance later on?”
Matthew squinted his eyes thoughtfully and said in a soft tone, “As long as she stays in Seamarsh, our paths are bound to cross.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
His words sparked a hopeful smile on Stella’s face.
“Yes, I’m sure I’ll meet her someday!”
But then, her thoughts drifted to Elizabeth’s recent behavior, and her expression changed.
“But Bella’s daughter seems tough to handle.
”
She glanced at Matthew, a hint of concern in her voice.
“And it seems she’s taken a liking to you.
Do you think she’ll make things difficult for me if we work together?”
Matthew’s face turned serious as he responded firmly, “I don’t Like her.
You’re the only woman for me.
”
Stella believed him.
She had only meant to tease, not expecting him to be so straightforward.
His serious manner stopped her from teasing further.
She smiled and reassured him, “Don’t worry, I’ve known you long enough to understand.
”
After parking the car, he quipped with a hint of jest, “Miss, we’ve arrived.
”
###chapter1200
Devoid of any warmth in her gaze, Elizabeth had no inclination to remain in his company any longer, especially after Luka’s interference with her plans.
“Thank you,” she responded tersely, preparing to exit the vehicle.
Yet, Luka interjected before she could leave.
“Hold on a moment.
I have something more to say.
”
Intrigued and slightly annoyed, Elizabeth turned, her eyebrow arched in question.
“And what might that be?”
The playfulness previously evident in Luka’s demeanor had evaporated, now replaced by a seriousness that held weight.
“Stay away from Stella.
”
Stella again!
The mention of the name instantly shadowed Elizabeth’s features.
Her voice, icy with disdain, shot back, “You’re in no position to dictate my actions.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
With a forceful motion, she flung open the car door, stepped out, and slammed it behind her, striding away in a mix of anger and determination.
Back in the sanctuary of her hotel room, Elizabeth could no longer suppress her fury.
Her bag met the floor with a thud as she released a pent-up scream, the sound echoing through the room.
Alarmed by the commotion, Bella noticed the discarded bag and approached with concern etching her features.
“Elizabeth, what’s wrong?” she asked, observing the storm brewing in Elizabeth’s demeanor.
Arms crossed and face etched with frustration, Elizabeth offered no reply.
Sensing the depth of her upset, Bella sat beside her, attempting to offer comfort.
But Elizabeth, in her agitated state, brushed off the gesture impatiently.
In a gentle tone, Bella probed further, “What’s troubling you?
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Sweetheart, didn’t I skip the banquet for your sake? Why are you so upset? Did someone at the event treat you poorly?”
Recalling the events before the party, Bella remembered how Elizabeth had fervently requested to attend Luther’s banquet in her stead, citing an interest in a particular man and a desire to connect with him away from 
her mother’s presence.
Bella, ever indulgent of Elizabeth’s wishes, had agreed without hesitation.
Her brows knitting in concern, Bella continued, “Is this about the man not reciprocating your feelings?”
“It’s not about him not liking me.
The issue is, he’s already married,” Elizabeth responded with defiance.
“What?” Bella’s expression morphed into one of deep concern, her eyebrows knitting together more tightly.
Shaking her head, she advised, “Then you must let it go, Elizabeth.
We shouldn’t intrude upon someone else’s marriage.
The world is full of remarkable men.
Surely, you can find another who is unattached.
”
Her advice was earnest, stressing the moral imperative of respecting the boundaries of another’s relationship.
Had Bella been aware of Elizabeth’s feelings for a married man earlier, she would have never condoned such behavior.
###chapter1201
Elizabeth clung to Bella’s arm, her touch gentle yet filled with an emotional plea.
“Mom, I can’t help it.
I truly love him.
He saved me during my darkest times.
”
“Elizabeth…”
Before Bella could finish, Elizabeth covered her ears, adamantly refusing to listen.
“I don’t care what it takes.
I must have him!”
“Elizabeth…”
Bella tried again, but her words fell on deaf ears as Elizabeth continued to block out her mother’s counsel.
Bella’s face was etched with helplessness, and she fell silent.
Having struggled with fertility issues before Elizabeth’s birth, Bella cherished her only child deeply, perhaps to the point of overindulgence.
This, in turn, had shaped Elizabeth into a somewhat spoiled and headstrong individual.
Despite this, Bella held on to the hope that Elizabeth would eventually see reason and avoid the dangerous path of pursuing a married man.
Seeing that her daughter was not in a state to listen, Bella tactfully changed the subject.
“Did you encounter Stella at the banquet? How is she? Were you two able to get along?”
Elizabeth, lowering her hands, replied with a hint of disdain, “Not really.
She seemed to carry herself with an air of superiority and had quite an attitude.
”
This revelation caused Bella to frown.
“That’s surprising.
Luther had spoken quite favorably of her.
I had a positive impression and was even considering a collaboration.
Perhaps I need to rethink that decision.
”
Late at night, Matthew retreated to his study.
He quietly turned on his computer, making sure Stella was sound asleep.
The screen lit up with files on Bella, which Matthew examined closely before calling Fernando with instructions.
“Keep digging into Bella’s past, particularly her time in Bysea.
We need to find anything useful.
”
Matthew’s suspicion that Bella could be Stella’s real mother had only grown after his encounter with Elizabeth.
Fernando had been assisting in the investigation, but the progress was slow.
Fernando responded to Matthew’s directive, saying, “Our Dorburn contact reports Bella has just one daughter, Elizabeth.
She married once, to a man who runs a major trading business in Dorburn.
Our investigations keep hitting roadblocks, hinting there might be secrets buried deep.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s brow creased with concern.
“What do we know about Bella before her marriage?”
Fernando paused before answering, “It’s a dead end.
Records show she’s always been in Dorburn.
Her parents died early, and she’s lost touch with her brother for many years.
There’s nothing on her in the local records.
”
With a sigh, Matthew turned away from the computer, massaging his temples.
He realized observing Bella’s reactions around Stella might be the key to unraveling the truth.
Matthew gave Fernando an order.
“Keep Bella in Seamarsh for a bit longer.
See if you can talk to her and maybe set up a meeting.
”
“Understood, Sir.
” With that, Fernando hung up.
Matthew set his phone down and sat at his desk, deep in thought.
Stella had always wanted to find her real parents.
It was something that troubled her a lot.
###chapter1202
She tried hard to remember her parents, going back to her broken childhood memories over and over.
Matthew really felt for Stella.
He looked at the calendar and saw there was still time before Stella’s birthday.
He wanted to find her real parents before her wedding, so she wouldn’t have any regrets on her big day.
In the VIP ward of Pinster Hospital, Flossie was there for Benny, never leaving his side.
The doctor checked on him every day.
His body was getting better, but he still wasn’t waking up.
Flossie’s anxiety grew with each passing moment.
She thought about sending Benny overseas for treatment if he didn’t wake up soon.
She remained hopeful, unwilling to give up on him.
She moistened his lips with a cotton swab dipped in water, but Benny didn’t react.
Flossie sighed, adjusting his bedding.
Just then, she noticed his fingers twitching slightly.
She held her breath, scared it was just her imagination.
Then, his fingers moved again, clearly this time.
Flossie was certain now.
She rushed to the door and called out, “Doctor, hurry! His hand moved! Doctor!”
The doctor came running at her call.
Flossie watched nervously as he checked Benny.
She prayed silently for him to wake up.
After the examination, the doctor gave Flossie a look.
“He’s not awake yet, but these responses are a good sign.
His chances are getting better.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Thank you, Doctor,” Flossie said, her heart filling with relief and hope.
In the soft light of early morning, Stella was jolted awake by the persistent ringing of her phone.
Groggily reaching for it, she instantly snapped to alertness when she saw Miley’s name flashing on the screen and swiftly answered the call.
Miley’s voice bubbled with excitement from the other end.
“Stella, guess what? I’m back!”
Her voice was effervescent, a stark contrast to the somber tone Stella had grown accustomed to.
Stella couldn’t help but feel a surge of happiness for her friend.
Yet, even with this joy, her voice betrayed a tinge of reproach.
“It’s about time you remembered your way back home!”
###chapter1203
Miley’s laughter, warm and infectious, filled Stella’s ears.
“I know, I know, I’m terribly sorry.
I made sure you were the first person I called as soon as I landed.
We must meet tonight.
I have some thrilling news to share.
”
“What news?” Stella’s heart skipped a beat, a mix of anticipation and anxiety.
“We’ll dive into it at dinner.
It’s something positive, I promise,”
Miley assured.
“Oh, and could you please inform Flossie too? Her Line seems unreachable.
Let’s meet at Sunnysky Restaurant at seven.
”
Sunnysky Restaurant-the name echoed in Stella’s mind, sending her thoughts into a whirlwind.
The restaurant was a part of the Pierce Group empire.
But why there, of all places?
Miley had ended things with Neville, who had since found someone new.
Was a reconciliation in the cards?
Caught in her whirl of speculations, Stella barely noticed when Miley ended the call.
Shaking off her thoughts for the moment, she decided to reach out to Flossie.
After all, things would become clear once they met up in the evening.
She dialed Flossie’s number.
Yet, a long call that rang unanswered eventually led her to send a text message.
Stella’s unease grew.
Lately, Flossie had been elusive, scarcely seen and difficult to contact.
Stella had assumed Flossie was abroad for a fashion event, but there was no buzz, no news.
What could be happening with Flossie?
Lost in her musings, Stella’s train of thought was interrupted by a text from Flossie, vibrating her phone back to life.
Her response was succinct.
“Regrettably, I’m tied up overseas with a magazine cover shoot.
Can’t swing back just yet.
Go ahead and gather without me.
I’ll catch up once I’m back.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella read it, a mix of disappointment and relief swirling within her.
Maybe she was indeed reading too much into things.
That evening, Stella arrived at the restaurant ahead of time.
As she stepped in, her eyes landed on Neville, reigniting her suspicions about a possible reunion between him and Miley.
However, Neville’s next actions swiftly dismantled her theories.
“Stella? You’re here alone? Where’s Matthew? He didn’t come with you?”
Neville quick glances behind her, searching for someone else, only added to her confusion.
Stella’s brows knit together in contemplation, scrutinizing his expression for any hint of insincerity or jest.
###chapter1204
She parted her lips, ready to ask about Miley, but Neville spoke first.
“Last night, at the party, I hoped to formally introduce my fiancee to both you and Matthew, but the rush of the evening prevented it.
She’s actually here today.
I’d like you to meet her.
”
“Fiancee?” Stella’s expression turned slightly sour.
“You’re engaged now?”
Neville nodded, a calm assurance in his voice.
“Yes.
I love her, and engagement seemed like the next right step.
”
“You’re really going to be with…”
Just as Stella was about to mention Miley, Miley’s lively voice rang out from behind.
“Stella, why are you loitering at the entrance? Waiting to roll out the red carpet for me?”
Stella pivoted to find Miley, a friend she hadn’t seen for a while.
Her moment of elation was quickly overshadowed by the unfamiliar man beside Miley.
Dressed in a simple tee and jeans, the man’s strikingly handsome features were undeniable.
He exuded a radiant, handsome aura that was hard to overlook.
With a furrowed brow, Stella inquired, “Who’s this gentleman?”
Miley, seemingly unbothered by Neville’s watchful gaze, sauntered over to Neville and casually slung an arm around her new companion.
“Meet Roy, my boyfriend.
He’s a pilot.
”
Roy extended a warm smile towards Stella, greeting her politely, “Pleased to meet you.
”
Stunned, Stella struggled to find her words.
Finally, she managed to say, “Well, nice to meet you too.
”
After greeting, Stella hastily approached Miley, her voice a whisper.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What’s going on? Weren’t you on a trip? And you found a new boyfriend so quickly?”
It wasn’t that Stella disapproved of Miley meeting someone new.
Her concern stemmed from Miley’s rapid shift in attitude, which raised alarms for Stella.
She feared Miley’s hasty move to a new relationship was a mere rebound fueled by her spat with Neville.
Miley retorted, louder than necessary, “Quick? Someone moved on quicker than me.
Finding a new girlfriend right after a breakup.
”
With that, Miley grabbed Stella’s hand and, with her other arm linked to Roy’s, declared, “Let’s head inside.
I’ve missed Seamarsh’s culinary delights.
”
Stella, brimming with questions, chose to refrain from asking them in Neville’s presence.
She let Miley guide her inside.
###chapter1205
His gaze lingered on the trio, noticing how Miley chatted animatedly with Roy, a joy in her demeanor that once was reserved for him alone.
He clenched his hands, a strong sense of jealousy and anger surged in his heart.
Rationality was the only thing restraining him from confronting Roy.
Suddenly, Susie grasped Neville’s arm with an apologetic smile.
“Neville, sorry to keep you waiting.
What were you looking at just now?”
Prior to her arrival, Susie had noticed Neville’s distant demeanor.
As Neville tried to shield her view, Susie had already caught sight of Miley.
In a feigned casual tone, Susie remarked, “Ah, observing your ex-girlfriend, I see.
”
Feeling a tinge of embarrassment, Neville firmly took Susie’s hand and suggested, “Let’s dine somewhere else.
Our group has several excellent restaurants.
”
“Why change plans? Weren’t we excited about revisiting the place where we first met?” Susie was unwilling to leave.
“Are you trying to avoid your ex so desperately?”
Her tone lightened, half-joking, half-serious.
Disliking the turn of events, Neville clarified, “You know, it’s not like that at all.
”
“Then, let’s go say hello.
” Before Neville could react, Susie was already striding towards Miley’s table.
Seeing that he couldn’t stop her, Neville hurried after her.
He was anxious to prevent any unpleasant encounter.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Approaching Miley, Susie greeted in a neutral tone, “Hello, Miss Cullen, I’m Susie Blakely.
It’s been a while.
What brings you here tonight?”
Miley offered a brief glance and remained silent.
Susie, not missing a beat, playfully clung to Neville’s arm.
“Honey, since Miss Cullen is an old friend, why not treat her to dinner?”
Neville was momentarily speechless, unsure how to respond.
Miley declined with a slight smile.
“No need, my boyfriend will cover it”
Adopting a distant yet polite demeanor, Stella interjected, “Miss Blakely, is there something else? If not, please, we’d prefer not to be disturbed.
”
Susie’s expression changed in an instant.
“Stella, enjoy your meal.
” Neville hurried to take Susie away.
###chapter1206
As they walked away, Neville couldn’t help overhearing Miley’s plans for after dinner.
Miley exclaimed with excitement, “Let’s go horseback riding! Roy’s an expert.
”
Roy responded in kind, “Whatever you wish.
”
Watching them, Neville felt a rising sense of frustration, his control slipping away.
The thought of Miley riding a horse with another man made Neville grind his teeth in frustration.
He abruptly stopped walking, released Susie’s hand, pulled out a chair beside Miley’s table, and sat down.
Noticing Susie still standing, Neville looked up at her.
“Sit down.
Don’t you want to have dinner?” he asked indifferently.
Susie, wearing a frown, stared at Neville for a moment.
With a resigned sigh, she finally took a seat across from him.
Throughout the meal, Neville’s responses to Susie were distracted and half-hearted.
Upon noticing Miley rising from her chair, Neville hastily set down his fork and stood up.
“I need to use the restroom,” he said to Susie.
“Neville.
.
Susie wanted to say more, but Neville was already hurrying away.
Her fingers curled into a frustrated fist.
After a few minutes, Miley walked out of the bathroom only to be abruptly pulled aside.
When she recognized Neville as the instigator, Miley’s initial fear quickly morphed into anger.
“Neville, what do you want?”
Neville’s gaze bore into her, filled with anger and resentment.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“You’ve just met that man, and you’re already planning to go horse riding with him? We were together for so long, yet you never once invited me to ride horses.
”
Miley’s glare intensified.
She had no interest in answering such a stupid question.
Miley attempted to leave, but she was trapped in Neville’s arms.
In one swift motion, Neville pinned Miley against the wall.
Losing her patience, Miley warned, “Neville, are you done? Let me go, or I’ll scream.
Remember, your fiancee is here.
You’re the one who’ll end up embarrassed.
”
Neville ignored her threat and leaned in closer, his expression icy.
“You chose to meet another man in my restaurant.
”
Miley felt increasingly frustrated.
“You didn’t consider my feelings when you quickly moved on with a new girlfriend.
We’re over.
You have no right to dictate who I see or what I do.
Let me go, Neville.
”
###chapter1207
“When did you start seeing this guy?” Neville’s expression darkened as he tightened his grip on Miley’s wrist.
Each word seemed to be laboriously ground out through his clenched teeth.
Neville had naively assumed that parting ways with Miley would be as easy as his past breakups.
However, seeing her with another man stirred a torrent of emotions he hadn’t anticipated, leaving him feeling uncontrollable and enraged.
His frustration peaked as he thought of Miley with someone else.
Neville reached out to grip her chin and looked at her maliciously.
Miley struggled, attempting to free herself from his grasp.
“Let me go, Neville.
Do you hear me?”
Instead of releasing her, Neville grabbed Miley’s face even tighter, causing her lips to pout.
Then, in a sudden move, he pressed his lips against hers.
The ki*s was forceful and domineering, leaving Miley struggling for breath.
Just as Miley felt she might suffocate, Neville briefly released her.
However, as soon as she inhaled sharply, he ki*sed her again.
No matter how much Miley tried, she couldn’t break free from his embrace, which only fueled her anger further.
It was Neville who had ended their relationship, and now he was behaving like this.
It was unfair.
In a desperate attempt to escape, Miley bit Neville with all her might.
“Neville, you bastard!”
Neville experienced a dull ache in his mouth, accompanied by the distinct ta
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Instinctively, he withdrew from Miley’s Lips.
Miley’s eyes shimmered with unshed tears, a deep red hue taking over.
Shaking slightly, she spat out in anger, “You bastard, consider this a warning.
Dare to provoke me again, and you’ll regret it!”
With those words, she spun on her heel and fled.
Once she was a safe distance away, and certain Neville wasn’t in pursuit, Miley stopped.
Leaning against a wall, she inhaled deeply, fighting the tears threatening to spill.
Despite her apparent victory, she was not as happy as she appeared to be.
Neville, after all, was the one who had gotten engaged first, yet he behaved as if she was the traitor in their love.
“Scoundrel! Bastard!” Miley muttered under her breath, regretting not having slapped him.
###chapter1208
She furiously wiped her mouth over and over.
Once her composure returned, she sought out Stella and Roy.
Stella was the first to sense something amiss.
In a concerned whisper, she asked, “You were in the restroom for quite a while, Miley.
Is everything alright?”
Hesitating, Miley replied, “I…I’m having some discomfort because of my period.
”
She glanced at Roy and offered a feeble smile.
“I’m not feeling great.
I don’t think I can join for horse riding.
I’d like to go back and rest.
”
Roy, ever the gentleman, nodded with a warm, understanding smile.
“Of course, your health comes first.
Let me take you back.
”
Without further ado, the trio settled their bill and prepared to leave.
As fate would have it, they bumped into Neville emerging from the restroom.
Unflinchingly, Miley looped her arm through Roy’s, their laughter and chatter echoing as they exited.
Neville stood motionless, his gaze icy as he watched their retreating figures.
Only when they vanished from view did he turn away, his expression unreadable as he returned to his seat.
Susie couldn’t help but notice Neville’s split and bloodied lip, a look of concern in her eyes.
Nervously, she inquired, “What happened to your Lip?”
Neville halted, his thumb absently brushing over the injured area as he replied casually, “Oh, it’s nothing.
Just accidentally bit it a moment ago.
”
Although he had known Miley for a considerable time, he hadn’t anticipated her fiery temper.
Seeing that Neville was deep in thought, Susie frowned and indistinctly felt that it was not a simple bite.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She feigned curiosity.
“What a coincidence, running into your ex today.
How does it make you feel seeing her?”
She wore a contented smile, as if harboring no ulterior motives.
At the mention of Miley’s name, Neville abruptly lowered his hand and retorted icily, “Don’t bring her up!”
Clearly in a foul mood, his words were sharp and unforgiving.
He motioned for the waiter to bring a bottle of wine.
Susie attempted to dissuade him, but her efforts were futile.
Neville paid no heed and began drinking alone, continuing until he was thoroughly intoxicated, slumping over the table and babbling.
Watching him silently for a few moments, Susie couldn’t hold back any longer.
“If you can’t forget her, you don’t have to marry me.
”
Propping himself up on the table and lifting his head, Neville straightened his neck, and exclaimed, “I’ve already forgotten her!
I’m going to marry you, damn it! I will marry you…”
As if he was convincing himself, he struggled to erase the hazy figure from his mind.
###chapter1209
Shortly after Stella and Miley exited the restaurant, a car pulled up beside them, its window rolling down to reveal Matthew.
Stella was delighted by the unexpected encounter and approached him, asking, “Why are you here?”
“I happened to be conducting some business nearby.
It’s about time.
I wanted to check if you’ve finished and offer you a ride home,”
Matthew explained.
Stella nodded.
“We just finished eating and were planning to take a taxi back.
”
Miley joined them, and upon spotting Matthew, she greeted him.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Matthew, could you possibly give us a lift? Neither Roy nor I drove here.
”
Matthew glanced at the man accompanying Miley, taking a moment to respond, “Get in the car.
”
“Thank you,” Miley expressed her gratitude politely as she and Roy settled into the back seat.
Stella glanced at the rearview mirror, curiosity getting the best of her.
She finally posed the question that had been lingering in her mind.
“Miley, you never told me how you met Roy.
”
Matthew remained focused on the road, but his attention was also drawn to Miley.
Before Miley could reply, Roy chimed in, “I fell in love with Miley at first sight on the plane, so I mustered the courage to ask for her phone number after our flight.
I called her, hoping to go on a date, and to my surprise, she agreed.
”
He gazed affectionately at Miley, continuing, “We spent a few days in Matera, getting to know each other, and we both felt a strong connection.
So, I proposed that we start dating.
”
As he spoke, Roy took Miley’s hand.
She instinctively tried to pull back, but he held her hand more firmly.
Observing Roy’s warm smile, Miley stopped resisting and allowed him to hold her hand.
She smiled.
“I found Roy to be an outgoing and sincere young man.
I felt a genuine connection, so I wanted to give our relationship a chance.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella furrowed her brow, but upon seeing the happiness on Miley’s face, she replied, “I hope you have a wonderful time together with Roy.
”
Miley responded with a smile.
Focused on the road, Matthew remained silent, offering no comment.
A brief silence settled in the car, until Miley’s thoughts brought up a new topic.
She turned to Stella and asked, “By the way, have you been in touch with Flossie recently? She’s been absent from work for quite some time now.
”
Stella appeared puzzled as well, replying, “I reached out to her a few days ago.
She mentioned she was abroad for a major event, didn’t she?”
Miley shook her head and said, “No.
I granted Flossie a ten-day leave, but that time has elapsed, and she still hasn’t returned.
That’s why I wanted to ask you about it.
”
###chapter1210
Stella found the situation equally strange and made a mental note.
“I’ll give Flossie a call later.
”
“If you hear anything, let me know,” Miley replied, and the car lapsed into silence once more.
Matthew eventually pulled the car to a halt in front of Miley’s residence.
After bidding farewell to Stella, Miley and Roy disembarked from the vehicle.
Once inside the house, Miley released Roy’s hand and informed him, “I’m going to prepare the guest room for you.
You can stay there tonight.
”
As she took a step to the guest room, Roy’s hand suddenly grabbed her arm.
Miley glanced down at his hold, inquiring, “What’s wrong?”
With a determined pull, Roy drew her into his embrace.
He lowered his head, their noses nearly touching, and spoke intimately.
“Miley, we’ve known each other for a while now.
Isn’t it time for us to take the next step?”
His fingers traced her back gently, sending shivers down her spine.
Miley pushed him away with some force, her tone wary.
“What are you getting at?”
Roy didn’t harbor any anger in response to Miley’s reluctance.
A faint smile played on his lips as he addressed her with candid directness.
“Miley, we’re a couple now.
Can I have s@x with you?”
To her astonishment, Roy seemed to assume it was a given.
Disgust briefly flickered in her eyes as Miley patiently clarified, “Did you not catch what I mentioned earlier? I’m currently on my period, so today isn’t the ideal time.
”
She gazed at Roy with an unwavering expression and continued, “Furthermore, we’ve only been together for a few days.
Don’t you think we’re rushing things a bit?”
Roy, however, wasn’t willing to back down.
“But you agreed to be my girlfriend after just a few days, and…”
He trailed off, arching an eyebrow as he scanned Miley from head to toe, noticing her attire.
“The dress you’re wearing today is quite revealing, almost as if you’re trying to seduce me, don’t you think?”
Miley couldn’t believe her ears.
Her voice lowered as she responded, “Roy, do you realize what you’re saying?”
“Miley, don’t be so conservative,” he urged, leaning in.
“It’s perfectly normal for a couple to share affectionate moments.
I showed great respect in front of your friend earlier.
Now that we’re in the privacy of your home, can’t you indulge me?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley’s perception of Roy underwent a sudden shift.
The gentle and considerate man she had known just a few days ago appeared to be a mere facade, revealing a more disturbing side of his character.
Inhaling deeply, she pointed to the door and said with controlled anger, “Leave my house immediately, Roy, or I will call the police.
”
Miley’s stern words sent a visible jolt through Roy.
In an instant, he extended an apology, saying, “I’m truly sorry, Miley.
I had a bit too much wine at the restaurant, and I deeply regret being rude.
Can you find it in your heart to forgive me this time?”
He reached out as if to embrace her, but Miley deftly sidestepped his attempt.
She maintained her vigilant gaze and pointed to the door, reiterating, “Leave.
”
Roger hadn’t anticipated Miley’s unwavering determination.
After a brief hesitation, he finally acquiesced and exited her home.
###chapter1211
Just before departing, he maintained the same facade of gentleness he had shown earlier and remarked, “Very well, I’ll take my leave for now.
Tomorrow, when I’m sober and you’re in better spirits, I’ll return.
Goodnight.
”
Miley offered no response and simply locked eyes with him until the door was securely shut.
Only then did she let her guard down, collapsing wearily onto the sofa and staring blankly at the ceiling.
She had believed that embarking on a new relationship would quickly erase Neville from her mind.
But when she spotted him and Susie together that night, heart couldn’t help feeling hurt.
She could deceive everyone else, but she couldn’t deceive herself.
She wasn’t one to waver easily.
So why had everything changed because of Neville?
Miley’s phone suddenly rang, shattering the silence.
She picked it up, revealing a headline news notification.
“Neville Pierce and Susie Blakely Are Going to Tie the Knot!!”
After reading the headline, Miley flung her phone to the floor, her face growing cold.
The device shattered into pieces, mirroring the fragments of her emotions.
In the restaurant, Neville was so intoxicated that he found himself in a daze, sprawled lazily across the table.
“Neville…” Susie approached him, nudging him, but he remained unresponsive.
Left with no other choice, she signaled the waiter, saying, “Keep an eye on him and let me know when he wakes up.
”
“No problem.
” The waiter gave her a quick nod.
Susie searched her purse, only to discover she had forgotten her cigarettes.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Frowning, she seized Neville’s cigarette case and lighter on the table and headed towards the exit.
Lighting one swiftly, she tried to soothe herself.
She was taking men’s cigarettes, and the potent scent caused her to cough a few times, the pungent smell flooding her lungs.
The shrill blare of the phone pierced the air, interrupting her.
Holding a cigarette in one hand, Susie glanced at the numbers and answered.
“Miss Blakely, everything’s sorted.
All the marketing promotions are completed.
”
“Well done,” she said with a satisfied face.
A brief stillness filled the air as she ended the call and tucked her phone away.
Feeling a bit confined, she took a puff from her cigarette and glanced at the distant traffic.
In the past few days spent with Neville, she had noticed the dark cloud that hung over his head.
His smiles were quick and easy, but they were rarely genuine.
###chapter1212
When alone, he would often be lost in thoughts or, as tonight, drowned his sorrows in drink.
This was a stark contrast to the lively man she had first encountered-a completely different persona.
His pitiful state tugged at Susie’s heart and ignited her sympathy, making her question the impulsive decision they had made.
Was it worth pursuing their marriage?
Narrowing her eyes, Susie blamed Miley for Neville’s depression.
If Miley were to disappear, would Neville be as energetic as before?
Susie sighed heavily, feeling burdened by the choice that lay before her.
Confusion muddled her mind; she didn’t know what to do.
“I finally found you!” Out of the blue, a man’s voice broke into her thoughts and startled her.
Susie turned to find Damon, and her expression soured.
He had been absent for quite some time.
Tossing her half-smoked cigarette to the floor, she confronted Damon with an irritated scowl.
“Damon, how dare you show up here again?”
Damon shot her an icy glare and retorted through gritted teeth, “Bitch! You’re the reason I spent five days in custody.
Why wouldn’t I dare to come?”
“I think you need to be locked up for longer,” Susie answered bitterly, standing her ground.
“If you try to provoke me again, I’ll make sure you spend a lifetime behind bars.
”
Anger coursing through his veins, he rushed forward and slapped Susie across the face.
“Bitch!”
Trapped in his grasp, she felt completely powerless.
The only thing she could manage was a desperate cry.
“Help!”
“How dare you call for help?” Refusing to let her go, Damon tightened his grip, preparing to drag her away.
Suddenly, a forceful kick struck him in the back, putting an end to his assault.
A sharp cry pierced the air as Damon lunged to the floor.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Susie tumbled out of his hold, but just in the nick of time, someone caught her.
When she realized it was Neville, a wave of relief washed over her, and she sought safety behind him.
His face contorted into a fierce expression, Neville confronted, “How dare you come back here?”
Damon pulled himself to his feet, gritted his teeth, and shot back, “Why shouldn’t I?”
Then, he turned his gaze to Susie with a sinister grin, declaring, “Sooner or later, I’ll have a taste of her.
”
Upon hearing these hurtful words, Neville’s countenance darkened, and an icy aura enveloped him.
He fixed his gaze on Damon and uttered in a cold, unyielding tone, “Go ahead, give it a shot.
”
Without hesitation, he advanced towards Damon, delivering a series of relentless kicks.
Initially, Damon put up some resistance, but gradually, he found himself unable to fight back.
###chapter1213
Overwhelmed by pain, he clutched his swollen face, curling into a fetal position.
He dodged Neville’s relentless blows, terror etched across his face.
Damon lay on the floor, emitting feeble moans and begging for mercy.
“Please, stop.
I’m sorry.
I was wrong.
Please, no more…”
However, Neville remained impervious to his pleas.
Each kick he delivered seemed like a lethal blow to Damon.
Susie’s heart raced with fear as she watched Neville’s savage assault.
Fearing that Damon might meet his end, she rushed forward to intervene, her face contorted with worry.
She desperately sought to prevent Neville from getting any closer to Damon, who was in a pitiable state.
“Enough! Neville, that’s enough.
You’ll kill him.
You don’t need to throw your life away for a lowlife like him.
” Her genuine fear was evident as she clung to Neville’s solid, unyielding frame, her chest heaving with deep breaths, her heart pounding with intensity.
However, her embrace did not have much effect on him.
Neville still found opportunities and kicked at Damon.
Panicked, Susie cried out to the waiters, “Help me! Quickly!”
Several waiters rushed to her aid, assisting her in restraining Neville.
He scowled and shot a menacing glare at Damon.
“Neville, please, calm down!”
Hearing Susie’s words, Neville suddenly quieted down.
Neville composed himself, straightening his disheveled attire.
He turned to Susie and declared, “I won’t lay a hand on him again, but there’s one more matter we must attend to.
”
Curious and concerned, Susie inquired, “What is it?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Without a word, Neville pulled Susie away from the scene and positioned himself in front of Damon, casting a stern gaze upon him.
Damon’s mouth was oozing blood as he writhed in agony.
When he caught sight of Neville, he trembled and attempted to retreat, but his strength had completely abandoned him.
Neville didn’t hesitate.
He firmly placed his foot on Damon’s crotch.
“Ah.
” Damon screamed in anguish.
Gazing down at Damon, Neville said coldly, “Now you won’t be able to hurt women again.
”
Then, he turned around and left.
Susie remained stunned for a few moments, but when she regained her senses, she urgently beckoned a waiter nearby, instructing him, “Call an ambulance and get him to the hospital.
”
Afterward, she hurried to catch up with Neville.
###chapter1214
Neville moved swiftly, and despite Susie’s best efforts in her stilettos, she struggled to keep pace.
She called out to him, breathless, “Slow down, wait for me.
”
Neville, however, offered no response and continued his brisk pace.
They maintained their distance from each other as they walked, heading towards the waterfront at the end of the block where Neville finally came to a halt.
Susie caught up with him, panting, and inquired, “What’s going on with you today?”
Earlier at the dining table, Neville’s prolonged silence had already alerted Susie that something was amiss.
His brutal assault on Damon had only deepened her concern.
Neville gazed out at the sea, his silence lingering for an extended period before he spoke slowly, his tone grave.
“Susie.
”
Her heart skipped a beat at the seriousness in his voice.
‘s BunnyBookery
Composing herself, she inquired quietly, “What’s the matter?”
“Will you marry me no matter what kind of person I may be?” Neville glanced at her, his words carrying a sense of ambiguity.
Susie lingered in silence for a few thoughtful seconds.
Instead of answering his question, she said, “You’ve saved me twice.
It’s clear to me that you’re not a bad person.
”
A wry smile flickered across Neville’s lips.
He shifted his gaze from the vast sea to the ground under his feet, a mixture of contemplation and sorrow in his eyes.
“I’m far from perfect, and I still have someone else in my heart.
Jumping into a relationship with you right after ending things with another, doesn’t that trouble you?”
Susie’s lips tightened, a whirl of emotions unspoken.
Before she could formulate a response, Neville pressed on, a note of seriousness in his voice.
“There’s something crucial I haven’t shared with you yet.
”
Her eyes, bright with a mix of anticipation and anxiety, met his.
“Will you trust me with the truth?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As Neville gazed into her earnest eyes, a wave of uncertainty washed over him.
He averted his gaze, suddenly finding the courage within him ebbing away.
His heart felt like it was being split in two.
After a tumultuous inner battle, he steeled himself to reveal the truth.
“I…” But as he barely uttered a word, Susie cut him off.
“No, let it be.
I don’t need to hear it.
” She offered him a small smile.
“I chose to date you, and I want to marry you.
I have faith in my choices and in you.
I want this, to be with you.
If you have no ion, shall we give it a try?”
Neville was momentarily speechless, taken aback by her declaration.
After a long, searching look at Susie, he finally spoke.
“Even knowing the outcome might bring disappointment, you’re willing to take this chance?”
With unwavering determination, Susie nodded.
“Yes, I am.
”
###chapter1215
Without saying anything more, Neville said, “It’s getting late.
Let me drive you home.
”
This time, as they walked back, Neville set a slower pace than before.
Susie, with a glance full of hope and affection, reached out to hold Neville’s hand.
Neville paused momentarily and glanced down as Susie tightened her grip on his hand.
He didn’t pull away.
Instead, he continued walking with a steady pace.
Susie let out a silent sigh of relief, her grip on his hand growing firmer as a spontaneous smile graced her Lips.
Neville escorted Susie home.
They were greeted by Kamryn, Susie’s mother, waiting anxiously at the door.
Relief washed over her at the sight of Susie returning safely, but concern quickly resurfaced.
She directed a questioning glance at Neville.
“It’s quite late.
Where have you been with Susie?”
Clasping her mother’s arm, Susie responded with a hint of playfulness, “Mom, I’m not a child anymore.
I was just out for dinner with my boyfriend.
You don’t need to worry about me.
Besides, don’t you trust Neville?”
Kamryn opened her mouth to respond, but the sight of Susie’s pleading eyes made her words falter.
With a resigned sigh, she turned to Neville.
“I apologize if I came across as harsh.
It’s just that Susie has always been punctual since her childhood.
Her being late tonight had me worried.
”
“I understand,” Neville replied, his tone respectful.
“By the way, it’s about time we discuss your marriage with Susie.
Please inform your parents that we should have a discussion this week.
”
Kamryn then broached a more serious topic.
Neville acknowledged with a nod.
“Okay, I’ll let them know.
If there’s nothing else, I should be heading back.
Good night.
”
Then he left.
Once back in his car, Neville made a call to inquire about Damon.
“He’s still undergoing treatment, but it seems the damage to his lower body may be irreparable.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Got it.
” Neville ended the call abruptly, gripping his phone tightly, a storm of dark emotions swirling in his eyes.
The following day, Upon entering Matthew’s office, Neville found Matthew deeply engrossed in work.
Matthew glanced up briefly at Neville’s arrival but quickly refocused on his tasks without a word.
Unbothered by Matthew’s silence, Neville made himself comfortable in the office, casually pulling out his phone to pass the time.
As noon approached, Matthew finally turned his attention to Neville, who was still absorbed in his phone.
“What do you feel like having for lunch? I’ll tell Fernando to bring it.
”
“Ah, you’re finally ready to talk to me,” Neville said with a grin, putting away his phone.
“You haven’t done anything to irritate me today.
Why wouldn’t I talk to you?” Matthew responded, shrugging.
“By the way, it’s such a nice day.
Shouldn’t you be out on a date instead of here?”
###chapter1216
Neville stood up and approached Matthew.
“Actually, I came to tell you something important.
I’m getting married, just like you.
”
Matthew’s brow furrowed as he scrutinized Neville, uncertain whether to take him seriously.
“You’re getting married?”
“Yes, to Susie.
” Neville nodded.
Despite his relaxed posture, crossed legs, and nonchalant demeanor, Neville’s tone carried a weight of seriousness.
“Are you sure about this? Have you thought it through?” Matthew asked, confused by Neville’s apparent dispassion.
“Yes.
Susie and I share a similar background, so she’s a suitable match.
” Neville’s voice was Light, devoid of the joy one might expect at such news.
“As for Miley, perhaps we weren’t meant to be together.
”
If it weren’t for his health concerns, Neville might have fought for Miley no matter how much his mother was against it.
But there was no room for ifs and buts in his life.
It seemed like he was destined to have a future without Miley.
Neville remained seated, his expression betraying no regret or sorrow.
“Okay.
As long as you’re sure about your decision,” Matthew responded with equal indifference.
“There’s one more reason for my visit today,” Neville continued.
“I wanted to invite you to my engagement party.
It’ll be an opportunity to formally introduce you to Susie.
I expect our paths to cross frequently in the future.
”
Matthew gave a slight nod, acknowledging the invitation.
“I’ll be there, but Stella probably won’t make it.
“I understand,” Neville replied, his tone understanding.
He then glanced at his watch and rose from his seat.
“I should get going.
I have another appointment.
I won’t keep you any longer.
”
“It’s almost lunchtime.
Why don’t you stay and join me?” Matthew asked.
A flicker of hesitation crossed Neville’s eyes before he replied vaguely, “I have
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
a doctor’s appointment for a check-up.
Maybe some other time.
”
“Alright,” Matthew said, not pressing the matter further.
Upon returning home in the evening, Matthew was surprised to find his grandmother, Lucia, in the living room.
“Grandma, why are you here at this hour?” he asked with a hint of concern.
Once he came closer, his attention was drawn to several items on the table.
“What’s all this?”
“You and Stella are getting married soon, and I know you’re both swamped with work.
So, I thought I’d help by getting started on the wedding invitations,” Lucia said with a gentle smile.
“You don’t have to do all this, Grandma.
” While appreciative, Matthew was also mindful of his grandmother’s well-being.
“I can have someone take care of these tasks.
Please don’t worry about anything.
”
“Marriage is no small matter, Matthew.
” Lucia glared, clearly displeased with Matthew’s suggestion.
“It’s important to oversee these details personally.
You can’t just delegate everything to others.
”
###chapter1217
Hearing Matthew’s voice, Stella emerged from the kitchen.
“Grandma arrived early today.
Please, make sure you’re cooperative with her.
It’s important not to let her down.
I’ll be there to join you right after dinner.
”
Wearing a smile that radiated kindness, Lucia remarked playfully, “You’re such a thoughtful girl.
If Matthew ends up being too careless, we might just have to change the groom!”
“Don’t worry about that,” Matthew assured confidently.
He then gazed at Stella with an adoring look.
“I’m going to change and then I’ll be right down to lend a hand.
”
Matthew and Lucia remained engaged in their preparations until Stella summoned them for dinner.
This was a new experience for Matthew.
He had never been part of a wedding ceremony before, nor involved in any of its intricate planning.
Under Lucia’s expert guidance, he found himself marveling at the beauty and significance of the wedding rituals, which only heightened his anticipation for his own upcoming nuptials with Stella.
After the meal, Stella gently suggested that Lucia should head home, considering the lateness of the hour.
Lucia repeatedly reminded them to ensure the wedding invitations were prepared and dispatched without delay.
Back in the living room, Stella and Matthew were immersed in finalizing the guest List when Stella’s phone suddenly rang.
The caller ID displayed Besty, which left Stella frozen in a moment of surprise.
It had been a while since their last interaction, especially after the incident at the last party.
Stella found herself wondering why Besty would reach out now.
With a brief hesitation, she answered the call.
“Besty? It’s quite late.
How can I assist you?”
“Stella, it’s been ages since we last spoke.
I only recently discovered you’re Matthew Clark’s wife, and how modestly you’ve kept it.
I was thinking, how about a dinner to make amends for the last time we met? Don’t worry, Zola won’t be there this time.
She’s been out of the picture due to some plagiarism scandal.
”
Stella harbored no ill feelings towards Besty for the previous party’s mishap, especially considering Besty had staunchly supported her that day.
She didn’t want to let an issue with Zola ruin her friendship with Besty.
Stella nodded and replied, ‘Alright.
When should we meet? I actually have something for you too.
”
After all, aside from Miley, Stella hadn’t really made any new friends since her return.
Stella held her school friends in high regard, cherishing the memories and bonds they had formed.
“Let’s meet tomorrow night at Selene Bar,” Besty suggested, promptly providing the time and address.
After that, Stella and Besty engaged in a brief, pleasant conversation before ending the call.
Stella then turned her attention to the stack of invitation cards in front of her, meticulously writing each one with focused dedication.
Observing her deep concentration, Matthew couldn’t resist his curiosity.
He approached her and asked, “What are you writing there?”
Without looking up, Stella replied, “I’m meeting some old classmates tomorrow evening.
I’m just writing out a few invitations for them.
”
As Matthew glanced at the names Stella was inscribing, memories of past events resurfaced in his mind.
He asked tentatively, “Would you like me to accompany you tomorrow night?”
Stella shook her head, but then, as if struck by a sudden thought, she looked up at Matthew with a serious expression.
“Don’t slack off on this.
And please, don’t delegate it to Fernando.
”
Caught off-guard and slightly embarrassed, Matthew responded with a sheepish smile.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He enveloped Stella in a warm embrace, ki*sed her forehead, and assured her, “Don’t worry.
I’ll take care of it myself.
”
With a gentle push, Stella urged him, “Go on, get to writing.
”
As she reached for another blank invitation card, Stella paused, a look of hesitation crossing her face.
Sensing her uncertainty, Matthew inquired, “What’s the matter?”
Stella was contemplative.
“I’m wondering whether I should send an invitation to Bella.
She did give me a gift last time.
”
Matthew replied calmly, “Okay, send it.
”
He remembered his own attempt to invite Bella a few days earlier, which had gone unanswered.
Even Fernando had mentioned calling Bella several times, only to be met with responses from her assistant.
The swift change in Bella’s attitude was puzzling to Matthew.
###chapter1218
In the bustling ambiance of Selene Bar, the atmosphere was electric as Stella entered.
The place, teeming with familiar faces, lit up at her arrival.
Warm greetings echoed through the air, welcoming her.
Besty, with an air of enthusiasm, promptly stood and approached Stella.
Guiding her to a seat, she exclaimed with genuine admiration, “Stella, we’ve all been eagerly awaiting your arrival.
It’s only been a few days, but you seem to have transformed, growing even more radiant.
”
Another voice chimed in from the crowd, filled with a hint of nostalgia.
“Back in our school days, I always believed Stella was destined for greatness.
And look at her now, a vision of grace and beauty.
”
As Stella absorbed the palpable change in everyone’s demeanor towards her, now warmer and more familiar than before, she couldn’t help but notice the shift.
She pieced together the reason behind this newfound intimacy with a tinge of awkwardness.
With a gentle smile, she distributed the wedding invitations in her hand.
“I’m going to hold the wedding ceremony.
I hope you all can come to my wedding.
”
The recipients of the invitations, initially taken aback, soon showered her with compliments.
“Such an exquisite invitation! It’s evident the amount of thought and effort you’ve put into this.
You’re truly blessed to be uniting with such a prestigious family!”
“I’m honored to be invited.
Thank you.
”
Stella responded with a modest, awkward smile, choosing to remain silent.
As she handed out the invitations, she noticed Besty’s husband, Felipe Chadwick, among the crowd.
She offered him a polite nod.
However, as Stella started to return to her seat, Felipe extended his hand for a handshake.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Stella.
My name is Felipe.
”
Caught off guard, Stella hesitated momentarily but reciprocated the gesture with politeness.
A fleeting touch, brief and somewhat uneasy, was all she offered before withdrawing her hand.
Whether it was a psychological reaction or something else, Stella felt a sense of discomfort.
Oblivious to Stella’s subtle discomfort, Besty was engrossed in the invitation.
Her eyes widened in awe as she examined it, utterly astounded by the grandeur of the upcoming wedding.
As she beheld the grandeur of the wedding, shock overcame her to the point where her thoughts were in disarray.
It dawned on her that she and her husband had never celebrated their marriage with such extravagance, and a twinge of jealousy crept into her heart.
During her school years, Stella’s life was defined by her status as an orphan, lacking any significant family background.
However, time had rewritten her story, transforming her into the wife of Prosperity Group’s CEO.
This transition elevated her status far beyond that of her former classmates.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Yet, Besty’s presence at the party was driven by motives other than a mere reunion.
Felipe, her husband, had faced rejection in his initial application as a big data research and development engineer at Prosperity Group.
Learning of Besty’s high school connection with Stella, he saw an opportunity.
He pushed for this classmate reunion, hoping to Leverage Stella’s influence to secure a coveted position within the company.
For Besty, the situation was fraught with complexity.
In high school, she and Stella had stood on equal ground, but now a chasm of disparity lay between them.
This newfound disparity weighed heavily on Besty, filling her with a sense of embarrassment as she clutched the wedding invitation.
Felipe, meanwhile, was subtly yet persistently urging Besty.
Catching her glance, he winked, a silent cue for action.
###chapter1219
Besty whispered back, “Don’t worry, I just need to find the right moment.
”
As Stella became engaged in conversation with others, Felipe recognized his moment slipping away.
“You better act fast, Besty.
Don’t miss this chance.
”
He turned his gaze back to Stella, who was now at the center of the crowd, his lips pursed in frustration.
Amid the chatter, questions about Stella’s personal life began to surface.
“Stella, how did you and Matthew meet? Who pursued whom?”
Maintaining a polite yet forced smile, Stella answered succinctly, “Our families arranged it, and things just naturally progressed from there.
”
She wasn’t comfortable with her private life being the subject of gossip and quickly shifted her focus back to her juice.
After a short while, seeking an escape, Stella announced, “I’m going to the restroom, excuse me,” and stood up.
Seizing the opportunity, Besty quickly chimed in, “I need to use the restroom too.
Let’s go together, Stella.
”
Glad for the company, Stella agreed.
Exiting the restroom, Besty hesitated, gathering her thoughts to broach the subject she had been dreading.
Just as she was about to speak, their conversation was abruptly cut short by a sudden, sharp scream.
“Stella, is that you?”
Stella whirled around and found herself face to face with a woman who seemed to mirror her own age.
The woman’s features were striking.
Long, curly hair cascading down her shoulders and lips painted a bold red.
Recognition dawned on Stella slowly.
The woman was Nola Vaughn, a former colleague from her first job.
The realization brought an immediate, visceral reaction of repulsion within Stella.
She had no desire to engage, so she feigned deafness and spun around, attempting to fl
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
ee.
However, her escape was thwarted by Besty, who seized her hand and gestured towards Nola.
“Stella, didn’t she just call out to you? Why didn’t you say hello to her?”
Stella bit her lip, inwardly cursing Besty’s naivety.
Of course, she had heard Nola, but her desire to interact was nonexistent.
“Stella, is that really you?” Nola’s voice rang out again, this time laced with certainty.
Cornered, Stella reluctantly swiveled back, plastering a forced smile on her face.
“Long time no see.
What a coincidence.
”
Nola had been a thorn in her side during that first job, harboring a blatant crush on Stella’s boyfriend at the time and going out of her way to make Stella’s life difficult.
These memories were ones Stella preferred buried, and encountering Nola was the last thing she wanted.
###chapter1220
She didn’t understand why Nola suddenly took the initiative to talk to her.
Nola approached with a warm, unsettling smile.
“It’s been ages!
You’ve changed so much.
”
She secretly sized Stella up.
“What’s your profession now? I’ve just returned from abroad and am settling in Seamarsh.
We should catch up more often.
Oh, and I brought someone back with me, someone you definitely know.
”
Stella’s heart sank at the insinuation, a sense of foreboding washing over her.
As Nola called out, “Leo, look who’s here.
”
Hearing that name, Stella frowned.
Turning, she faced the man in the white shirt, hardly recognizing him.
The years had matured him.
Frozen, Stella’s mind went blank.
It was undeniably Leo, her former boyfriend, who had left for foreign shores after their breakup years ago.
But Stella came to her senses soon.
Leo belonged to a chapter of her life she had firmly closed.
She had no intention of reopening past wounds or rekindling old connections.
“Let’s go, Besty.
” She grasped Besty’s hand, ready to depart from the uncomfortable encounter.
But as she pivoted away, Leo interjected, his voice laced with a mix of emotions.
“Long time no see, Stella.
”
His gaze held hers, complex and unreadable.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once, during their time together, Leo had admired Stella’s beauty.
Yet, standing before him now, she seemed even more radiant than he remembered.
Gone was the naivety of her youth, replaced by the allure and poise of a mature woman.
Her presence effortlessly eclipsed that of the women nearby.
In the last few years, Leo had built a successful career managing a law firm overseas and even ventured into matrimony.
He had encountered countless women in his professional journey, yet the sight of Stella struck him with an unexpected jolt.
Maintaining her composure, Stella nodded courteously, eager to leave the scene.
However, Nola interceded hastily, “Stella, it’s a rare chance to bump into you here.
Our private booth is just over there.
Why don’t you join us for a while? Let’s catch up.
”
“No, thank you.
I have another engagement this evening,” Stella declined.
###chapter1221
She attempted to break free from Nola’s grasp, but Nola’s grip was surprisingly strong.
Nola pressed on, “Stella, Keith is with us too.
He’s been a great support to you in the past, remember? He often spoke of you after your resignation.
Wouldn’t you Like to see him?”
Keith Patel was Stella’s former boss, who had shown her considerable kindness and support.
Stella paused.
Reluctantly, she released Besty’s hand, instructing her, “You go ahead.
I’ll catch up later.
”
As she spoke, a frown creased her brow.
Despite the physical distance, she could sense Leo’s eyes fixed on her.
The journey to the private room required an ascent via elevator.
As they ascended, Stella’s patience wore thin, leading her to confront Leo with a piercing glare.
“Why are you constantly staring at me? Do you have something on your mind?”
Leo, unexpectedly cornered by Stella’s forthrightness, felt a surge of embarrassment.
He awkwardly shifted his gaze away, unable to respond.
Meanwhile, Nola, observing the scene, was filled with irritation.
Her recent efforts to ingratiate herself with Leo, aiming for a secure footing in Seamarsh through his support, had only been met with tepid responses from him.
Yet, here was Stella, boldly challenging Leo, and he offered no retort.
This evident disparity in their interactions left Nola feeling increasingly disgruntled.
Initially, Nola had intended to embarrass Stella as a strategy to draw Leo’s attention.
However, despite the years that had passed, Stella continued to captivate Leo.
Nola’s plan had backfired.
Consumed with jealousy, she dug her nails into her palm and bit her lip in frustration.
Attempting to undermine Stella, Nola interjected, “Considering the confined space
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
f the elevator, it’s possible Leo wasn’t really looking at you.
Aren’t you overreacting?”
Stella cast a dismissive glance at Nola and replied coolly, “If that’s your interpretation, so be it.
”
She was determined not to engage further.
Her primary goal was to greet Keith in the private room.
Past hurts inflicted by Leo had solidified her decision to sever ties with him for her own well-being.
Today’s unexpected encounter wouldn’t sway her resolve to disentangle herself from him.
Stella also held Nola in contempt, seeing her as someone who, despite knowing Leo’s true nature, still chose to cling to him like glue.
It was a classic case of birds of a feather flocking together.
Upon the elevator’s arrival, Stella was the first to step out, eager to leave the awkward atmosphere behind.
Entering the private room, she found Keith, and the discomfort of her earlier encounter with Nola and Leo faded.
###chapter1222
Keith’s warm reception, holding her hand tightly and expressing his relief at seeing her well-being, was a comforting contrast.
“It’s a relief to see you thriving, Stella.
Remember, if you ever wish to return to the company, just let me know.
”
“Alright,” Stella responded with a smile.
Seizing the moment, Nola interjected with a keen curiosity, “Stella, where have you been working lately? You seemed to avoid the question earlier.
And was that woman we bumped into one of your colleagues?”
With a nonchalant air, Stella answered, “I’ve ventured into running my own design studio.
”
Nola’s eyebrows arched in a subtle display of disdain.
Having lived overseas, she was out of the loop regarding Stella’s current situation and thus assumed Stella’s studio was some obscure venture, causing her interest to wane.
‘s BunnyBookery
Keith, on the other hand, was genuinely impressed with Stella’s reply.
“Having a job you’re passionate about is vital.
It’s not the nature of the work that counts, but the joy it brings you.
”
Stella added, “The work I do now is quite manageable.
Being my own boss frees me from dealing with difficult colleagues, which certainly adds to my happiness.
”
Nola felt a sting in Stella’s words, as if they were a veiled jab at her.
Internally fuming, she managed to keep her composure.
With a flicker in her eyes, Nola probed further, “Did you come here alone tonight? Are you still single after all these years, or is there a boyfriend in the picture? What does he do?”
Stella faced her with a serene smile.
“I don’t have a boyfriend.
”
Leo, who had been quiet until this point, showed a glint of surprise at her words.
He had been curious about Stella’s love life, and Nola’s questions had unwittingly served his purpose.
Stella’s response seemed to suggest she was still unattached since their breakup, igniting hope in Leo that he might rekindle something.
As Nola geared up to boast about her own circumstances, Stella spoke again, her tone indifferent.
“Actually, I’m already married.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella made no effort to conceal her impending nuptials.
She understood Nola’s underlying motives and seized the moment to clarify any misconceptions Leo might have harbored.
Keith, taken aback yet pleased, expressed his surprise.
“Stella, the news of your marriage is unexpected.
My recent years have been engulfed in academic pursuits, and I remained oblivious to your matrimonial plans.
It seems you’ve found your slice of happiness.
May I inquire about your husband’s profession?”
“He’s an entrepreneur, quite the ordinary one,” Stella answered.
“We’re in the midst of wedding preparations.
Today’s meeting was unexpected, so I didn’t bring the invitation with me.
I’ll deliver it to you in person some other day.
”
Keith chuckled in response.
“Well, this serendipitous meeting suggests we’re bound to cross paths more often in the future.
”
“Indeed,” Stella concurred with ease.
Nola’s demeanor softened considerably upon realizing Stella was off the market.
###chapter1223
Since Stella’s arrival, she had monopolized Leo’s attention.
Now, with Stella being married, Nola’s fears of losing Leo were allayed.
Breathing a sigh of relief, Nola suggested, “Stella, perhaps you could invite your husband over.
It would be delightful to include him in our gathering.
”
Nola was convinced that Leo’s lingering thoughts about Stella would dissipate once he witnessed her marital status.
Stella, however, declined politely.
“I appreciate the offer, but I have prior commitments.
”
Turning to Keith, she added, “There’s a party awaiting my presence downstairs.
I must excuse myself, but I promise to visit again when time permits.
”
“Are you leaving so soon?” Keith’s reluctance was evident, but he respected her time.
“Could I perhaps have your number? It would be wonderful to reconnect at a more opportune moment.
”
After exchanging numbers, Stella departed, leaving Keith looking on.
Throughout the exchange, Leo remained silent, his gaze fixated on Stella.
Even after she vanished behind the closed door, his eyes lingered, lost in thought.
Unable to bear his apparent distraction, Nola coughed pointedly, snapping Leo back to reality.
He casually sipped his wine, a subtle smile playing on his Lips.
As he reflected on his extended stay in Seamarsh, a thought crossed his mind.
There would be ample opportunities to meet Stella again.
As Leo’s grip on his glass tightened, his thoughts were preoccupied with the identity of the man fortunate enough to marry Stella.
The knowledge of her marital status was a bitter pill to swallow, stirring a mix of curiosity and concealed disappointment within him.
Back in the private box, Stella’s train of thought was interrupted by a sudden recollection.
Besty had been about to share something earlier, only to be cut off by Nola’s interjection.
Curious, Stella turned towards Besty with an inquiring look.
“Besty, you were about to tell me something earlier.
What was it?”
Besty, initially struggling to find her words, quickly gathered her thoughts at Stella’s prompting.
“Stella, there’s a favor I need to ask of you.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s eyebrows arched in curiosity.
“What do you need?”
After a fleeting glance at Felipe, Besty’s hesitation gave way to a slow, deliberate request.
“It’s not a major issue.
My husband recently interviewed at Prosperity Group but wasn’t successful.
I was wondering if you could possibly secure a position for him there?”
Noticing Stella’s slight frown, Besty hurriedly assured her, “Please, don’t worry.
Felipe is a dependable and honest man.
He won’t cause you any trouble.
”
Stella found herself in a quandary.
She was reluctant to impose on Matthew, yet the thought of disappointing Besty, who had always been a supportive friend during her school days, weighed heavily on her.
After a moment’s consideration, Stella acquiesced, “I’ll inquire about any available positions at Prosperity Group that might suit him.
”
Besty’s face lit up with gratitude.
“Thank you so much, Stella.
This means a lot.
”
Felipe, equally elated, raised his glass in tribute.
“To Stella, a heartfelt thank you for your generosity.
”
Stella offered a slight nod and reciprocated the toast.
###chapter1224
After enjoying a couple of glasses of wine, the sudden vibration of her phone broke the convivial atmosphere.
It was a message from Matthew.
“Is it over? I’ll pick you up.
”
Glancing at her watch, Stella sensed it was the right time.
She swiftly texted Matthew.
“Feeling slightly tipsy.
Can you pick me up at Selene bar in twenty minutes? I’ll be waiting by the entrance.
”
Matthew’s response was prompt.
“On my way.
”
The bar’s atmosphere was becoming unbearable for Stella.
She tucked her phone away, turning to Besty.
“I must head out now.
Rest assured, I’ll look into your issue and reach out once I have some news.
”
“Okay,” Besty responded.
“Did you drive here yourself? Do you need a ride back?”
“No, I’m fine, thanks.
You guys enjoy.
There’s no need for anyone to walk me out,” Stella declined, omitting that Matthew was coming for her.
Besty, having achieved her ive, didn’t press further.
Stepping out into the chilly night, Stella felt a slight dizziness from the cold air.
Matthew hadn’t arrived yet.
She wrapped herself tighter in her clothes, leaning against a pillar as she waited.
Suddenly, a familiar voice reached her ears.
Lifting her gaze, she spotted Nola and Leo exiting the bar, immersed in laughter and conversation.
Such a small world!
Stella mused internally, diverting her gaze, feigning ignorance of their presence.
But Nola had already spotted her.
She approached Stella.
“Why are you lingering at the entrance? Can’t you find a taxi?”
Stella remained silent, but Nola didn’t cease her chatter.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“If you’re struggling to get a taxi, why not ride with Leo? He just acquired a new Maybach.
”
Nola emphasized “Maybach” with a hint of smugness in her voice.
Stella understood Nola’s motive.
She simply wanted to flaunt Leo’s possession of a rare, limited edition Maybach.
To those unfamiliar with her would mistake her for Leo’s spouse.
Stella’s gaze towards them was icy, and her voice carried a tinge of cool detachment.
“No, thank you.
My husband will be here to pick up.
”
Before she could elaborate, Leo interjected, “Stella, join us in the car.
”
However, as Stella began to decline, Leo’s tone shifted to one of condescension.
“Your husband doesn’t own a car, does he? It’s late, and you’ve had quite a bit to drink.
It would be safer in my car.
”
Stella met his gaze unflinchingly, her usual restraint diminished by the alcohol.
“I’m sorry, but I refuse to ride in a jerk’s car.
”
###chapter1225
Leo’s expression darkened visibly.
He was taken aback by her audacity.
Gone was the compliant Stella he remembered from years past.
How dare she rebuke him so publicly?
Fuming, he reached out to pull her towards the car, but Stella resisted.
“What are you doing? Let go of me!” Her attempts to push him away were initially fruitless.
However, the arrival of a Bugatti Veyron, its body gleaming under the streetlights, captured everyone’s attention, including Leo’s.
His grip loosened as his eyes fixated on the vehicle.
Leo, a car enthusiast, recognized the Bugatti Veyron from a magazine.
It was a limited edition.
The sight of such a rare car in person was unexpected.
The owner must be someone of considerable wealth and influence.
Leo pondered how he had dedicated a significant portion of his life striving to acquire a Maybach, only to witness someone else effortlessly possessing a limited-edition luxury car.
In that moment, a sense of injustice washed over him.
The car came to a halt, and from the driver’s seat emerged a man, his attire a testament to elegance and precision.
The suit he donned, impeccably ironed, accentuated his lean frame to near perfection.
He carried an air of nobility, his eyes an icy bastion of command, exuding an overwhelming aura that was both intimidating and fascinating.
Upon laying eyes on Matthew, Leo’s pride crumbled.
The man before him was nothing short of extraordinary, a league apart from the rest.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Nola’s gaze clung to Matthew, her voice laced with awe.
“He’s stunningly handsome, the epitome of elegance!” Who was he? She didn’t realize Seamarsh had become a breeding ground for such attractive men in recent years.
Leo, his lips sealed, remained silent.
Yet, what he hadn’t anticipated was Matthew approaching him.
The intense aura surrounding Matthew set Leo’s nerves on edge, rendering him immobile.
Caught off guard, Leo was jolted by Matthew’s deep, angered voice.
“What are you doing to my wife?”
Fear seized Leo, his thoughts scattering into oblivion.
Nola, equally taken aback, felt her head spinning.
Wife?
How could this dashing man be Stella’s husband?
###chapter1226
Stella, of all people?
She was so unremarkable, yet she was with someone like him?
It took a moment for Leo to regain his composure, his voice quivering.
“Stella and I…We were colleagues.
We were merely catching up.
”
“Do you need to hold her hand for a mere trip down memory lane?”
Matthew’s tone was icy as he protectively drew Stella into his embrace.
In Matthew’s arms, Stella found her sanctuary, her worries melting away.
“I…” Terrified by the piercing gaze in Matthew’s eyes, Leo found himself stuttering, gasping for breath under the weight of his fear.
With a tug on Matthew’s sleeve, Stella urged, “Let’s head back.
There’s no need to engage with them any further.
”
Matthew’s brow creased ever so slightly, but he acquiesced, guiding Stella towards the car as she had requested.
Leo, slowly regaining his senses, couldn’t shake off his sense of injustice.
He called out to Stella, “After all these years, Stella, you haven’t changed a bit.
”
Stella continued on without pause, her silence speaking volumes.
This only fueled Leo’s frustration, prompting him to shout.
“You’re still the same, clinging to wealthy men as you did with me!”
‘s BunnyBookery
Their exchange captured the attention of bystanders, including Besty and Felipe, who were on the verge of leaving but now found themselves drawn into the drama.
Besty, unable to hold back her indignation, was about to intervene, but Felipe swiftly grasped her arm, whispering a caution.
“Stay out of it.
Do you think Stella’s husband would let her be at a disadvantage? Don’t invite trouble upon yourself.
”
A flicker of uncertainty crossed Besty’s eyes, but ultimately, she heeded Felipe’s advice.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s hand clenched the car door handle with resolve.
She had anticipated Leo’s obstinacy, yet his impatience still caught her off guard.
Offering Matthew a reassuring smile, she turned to face Leo with a steely gaze.
“You hid your marriage while pursuing me,” she challenged.
“Are you now trying to tarnish my reputation with your baseless accusations?”
As the crowd absorbed the stunning reversal, a wave of shock and indignation swept through the onlookers.
“Unbelievable! He deceived her about being married.
What a despicable man!” one person exclaimed.
“Such disgraceful behavior!” another added, shaking their head in disapproval.
Amidst this chorus of censure, Leo’s face turned a dark shade of anger.
###chapter1227
His eyes, filled with bitter resentment, locked onto Stella.
He stepped forward, closing the distance between them.
“With a man to support you, you’ve grown quite bold, Stella,” he sneered.
Stella faced him unwaveringly, her gaze piercing.
“Is the truth too hard to handle? Don’t test my patience again.
”
“Damn it!” Furious, Leo’s hand shot up, poised to strike.
But before he could act, a chilling voice cut through the air.
“Lay a finger on her, and I’ll make sure you can’t ever set foot in Seamarsh again,” Matthew warned, his handsome features hardened into an icy, threatening mask.
His dark eyes held no trace of warmth.
Caught off guard, Leo hesitated, his fists clenched in impotent rage.
“You think you can protect her? She’s nothing but…”
Leo’s insult was cut short as he found himself abruptly hurled to the ground, a cloud of dust billowing around him.
The crowd gasped.
Without sparing Leo another glance, Matthew assisted Stella into the car.
As they drove away, a cloud of exhaust fumes lingered, mingling with the echoes of the crowd’s laughter directed at Leo.
Left dazed on the ground, Leo felt a throbbing pain coursing through his body.
It took him a moment to regain his bearings.
Attempting to rise, he found himself unable to, and in desperation, he called out to Nola, “Help me up!”
Nola, still reeling from the sudden turn of events, hurried over to Leo, her eyes wide with disbelief.
“I never imagined Stella could be with such a powerful person.
You should think twice before crossing her again.
”
In the past few years, Leo had been accustomed to a life of luxury and never subjected to such humiliation.
He seethed with anger.
“Enough talk, just help me up!”
“Alright.
” Without saying anything more, Nola quickly helped him up.
As he steadied himself, a woman approached them.
Her gaze swept over the pair before settling on Leo.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Sir, I strongly suggest you to behave yourself.
Do not provoke Stella’s husband.
He is the wealthiest man in Seamarsh,” Besty warned in an authoritative tone.
The richest man in Seamarsh?
This revelation left Nola with wide eyes, filled with incredulity.
“Really? Stella’s husband is the richest man here? What are you talking about?”
Besty nodded confidently, her voice unwavering.
“Absolutely.
If you doubt my words, feel free to verify them yourself.
There’s ample coverage in the news about Stella and her husband.
”
With that, she turned and walked away.
Nola, struggling to process this information, turned to Leo with a concerned expression.
“Leo, I think we should heed her advice.
Don’t antagonize Stella further.
Remember, your law firm is about to launch, and you can’t afford any mistakes now.
”
###chapter1228
Leo, still reeling from pain, could only snort in response, unable to articulate his thoughts.
Inside the car, Stella sat in the front passenger seat, her head bowed in silence.
Matthew stole glances at her while driving, not daring to break the quiet.
He understood Stella needed this moment of solitude.
Leo’s return had reopened a painful chapter in Stella’s life, exposing old wounds that had never fully healed.
After a prolonged silence, Matthew couldn’t contain his concern any Longer.
“Stella, I promise to take care of everything.
I’ll ensure Leo doesn’t bother you again.
You don’t need to worry.
”
Stella finally lifted her head, tears glistening in her red eyes as she locked gazes with Matthew.
After a moment, she shook her head slowly but with conviction.
“No, I’m not afraid of him.
”
Stella couldn’t help but smile wryly.
“That episode with Leo, it’s a stain in my life, but let’s be clear.
It was all his fault.
I was the one who got hurt.
But I’m stronger now, and I’m not afraid of him anymore.
”
Matthew admired her resilience but also felt a bit sorry for her.
He affectionately ruffled her hair.
“I know you can handle it.
But remember, call me when you need to.
You don’t have to deal with everything by yourself.
You’ve got me, remember?”
Matthew, who was usually so indifferent in public, showed a side of him filled with tenderness and care in every move he made.
Drying her eyes, Stella smiled at him.
“Of course.
You’re my husband.
Whenever something comes up, you’ll be the first person I turn to for support.
”
Matthew smiled back, playfully pinching her cheek.
He then changed the subject.
“Apart from that trouble tonight, did everything go smoothly?”
Stella nodded vigorously.
“It went really well.
I caught up with Besty and met Keith, a leader who was really kind to me before.
I’m thinking of inviting him to our wedding.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“It’s your call.
”
“Alright.
” Stella thought of Besty’s request and decided to talk with Matthew.
“Besty’s husband had an interview at Prosperity Group, but it looks like he didn’t get the job.
Could you maybe find a place for him there?”
She hesitated, then continued, “I know neither of us likes using connections.
But Besty is an exception.
Please, if you can, help her.
”
Matthew asked in a calm voice, “What’s her husband’s name?”
“Felipe Chadwick.
”
As soon as she said the name, Matthew frowned and quickly declined, “I can’t do that.
”
“Why not?” Stella was confused.
Matthew usually didn’t remember the names of people who were interviewed.
Why would he turn down her request just by hearing a name?
###chapter1229
Matthew gave her a serious look.
“It’s simple.
Prosperity Group doesn’t hire domestic abusers.
”
“Domestic abusers?” Stella’s voice got louder.
“Are you telling me? Besty’s husband is violent at home?”
She couldn’t believe it.
Besty and her husband seemed so loving today, and Felipe looked like a good man.
Was he really an abuser?
Matthew nodded and said, “We do thorough checks.
Turns out, Besty called the cops three times about Felipe hurting her, but it led nowhere.
”
Stella felt a cold shiver.
She couldn’t believe Felipe was like that.
Remembering how calm Besty had been earlier, she worried more for her friend.
“What should I do then?” she asked Matthew.
Matthew shook his head.
“You can’t help someone who doesn’t want to be helped.
”
Stella sighed, understanding what he meant.
If Besty wouldn’t stand up for herself, she would always be under Felipe’s thumb.
Nobody could change that.
But as Besty’s friend, the idea of doing nothing hurt Stella deeply.
Seeing what she was thinking, Matthew couldn’t stop her.
He warned her, “You can try to help her, but be really careful for your own safety.
”
At Prosper Bay, Stella, fresh from her bath, found Matthew in bed watching the news.
She slipped under the covers and cuddled up to him.
Matthew put away the tablet, covered them both, and gently patted her back.
Snuggled in his arms, Stella closed her eyes.
Matthew looked down at her, a small smile on his face, and softly ki*sed her forehead.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew was about to stand when Stella’s eyes fluttered open and a mischievous grin widened her lips.
She wrapped her arms around him, nuzzled against him, and whispered to him, “I want you today.
”
Her lips moved from his neck to his lips.
Unable to resist her teasing, Matthew’s embrace tightened, and his ki*ses deepened.
Their bedroom light was still on, illuminating the room.
Their breaths both grew labored, and the room seemed to grow hotter.
Stella’s hands were on his back, her fingernails pressing against his skin.
Matthew’s hands moved to her breast, and he skillfully unhooked her bra.
His touch on her breast drew an involuntary moan from Stella.
###chapter1230
Matthew then lifted her leg and gently but swiftly plunged into her.
A groan escaped her mouth, and pleasure spread through her body.
The moans came more frequently as Matthew’s thrust grew faster.
Her arms clung tightly around his neck as the sound of her moans grew louder.
Matthew lowered his head, and his lips locked with hers in ecstasy.
Her loud moans were now stifled by his ki*ses, leaving only the rhythmic sound of their bodies moving in unison.
Matthew’s thrusts came swiftly, hardly giving Stella any time to recover from the previous one.
Her climax by now felt like a persistent drizzle, and her legs were wrapped tightly around his waist as her toes curled.
Their labored breathing was only interrupted by her cries of ecstasy.
Stella had, by now, lost count of her climaxes.
However, he didn’t seem to be finished.
He leaned down again and ki*sed her deeply.
Matthew then began to feel the pressure building in his lower regions.
‘s BunnyBookery
A growl escaped his mouth as release finally came.
They both took a shower and changed the sheets before he carried her to bed and held her as they cuddled.
Exhausted from the day’s events, Stella fell asleep as soon as her head touched the pillow.
When Matthew was sure she was asleep, he gently took off the blanket and left the bedroom for his study.
He video called Fernando.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Fernando, who had been waiting at his computer for the call, immediately answered.
“Mr.
Clark, why the long wait?”
Matthew cleared his throat and asked, “What information do you have for me?”
“I’ve dug up information on Leo.
He’s back in Seamarsh because his law practice abroad tanked,” Fernando said.
“Keep a close eye on him.
Run him out of Seamarsh if he causes even the slightest stir.
”
“Understood,” Fernando responded.
Checking the time, Matthew said, “It’s late.
You should get some rest.
”
Fernando nodded before he ended the call.
Matthew shut down the computer.
He lingered in the study for a while.
He was about to return to the bedroom when his phone notified him of a new message.
It read, “If you want to see my mother, come see me.
”
###chapter1231
The message on Matthew’s phone was anonymous, but he had no doubt it was from Elizabeth.
He had blocked her previous number, so Elizabeth found a new way to contact him.
A frown creased Matthew’s forehead.
He was about to block this new number too when he got an idea.
Bella had been consistently avoiding meeting with him.
This unexpected message from her daughter could help determine what was on Bella’s mind.
More importantly, it could help he delve deeper into Stella’s background.
With this plan in mind, Matthew promptly sent a message to Elizabeth.
“Where?”
On the receiving end, Elizabeth’s excitement was palpable.
Her message to Matthew had been a long shot, and she hadn’t expected him to reply.
Wasting no time, Elizabeth immediately sent back the details of the time and location for their meeting.
Elizabeth had selected a private club for their meeting.
This location was ideally suited for a discreet conversation.
After noting the details of their meeting, Matthew blocked Elizabeth’s number again.
On the following day, Matthew arrived punctually at the chosen club.
He had only just found a comfortable spot when Elizabeth arrived.
She was dressed for the occasion, wearing a stylish cropped jacket with a long, black skirt that exuded sensuality.
Upon entering, Elizabeth confidently removed her jacket and dr@ped it over
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
the back of her chair.
She then sat across from Matthew, her eyes alight with a mischievous, inviting smile.
“I’m married,” Matthew said coldly, maintaining his stoic demeanor.
“Whatever your intentions are, I want you to stop harassing me.
”
Caught off guard by his directness, Elizabeth’s initial cheerfulness quickly evaporated.
Her smile faded, replaced by a look of disappointment.
Yet, she quickly recovered, masking her dismay with a coy look.
“I admit I Like you a lot, Matthew.
And I’m aware you’ve been trying to meet my mother.
Spend one night with me, and I’ll make that happen.
”
“If I can do so without betraying my wife, I might consider your offer.
” Matthew’s response was cool and measured.
Elizabeth’s lips pursed at his conditional acceptance, but she remained silent.
###chapter1232
“If you’re not willing to help, that’s fine.
I just want to know why Bella has suddenly refused to meet me.
” Matthew pressed on, ignoring Elizabeth’s displeasure.
Everything had been progressing smoothly before.
Bella even gave Stella a present.
But then suddenly, her attitude changed, and she refused to meet him even once.
“My mother’s decision to see you is entirely up to me,” Elizabeth responded sharply.
Her words left no room for ambiguity.
The only path to Bella was through Elizabeth.
Matthew realized that further discussion with Elizabeth would be unproductive and decided to end their meeting.
He rose from his seat, intending to make his exit.
Surprised by Matthew’s determination, Elizabeth swiftly stood up in a desperate attempt to stop him.
“Matthew, if you leave now, I swear you’ll never meet my mother!”
She was threatening him.
Matthew offered Elizabeth a brief, unemotional glance.
He brushed her hand aside and continued towards the exit.
Just as he was about to leave, Elizabeth suddenly collapsed to the floor behind him.
Matthew paused, turning back in surprise to see what happened.
At that moment, Bella appeared, rushing to her daughter’s aid.
‘s BunnyBookery
After quickly ensuring Elizabeth was unharmed, Bella looked at Matthew sternly.
“What have you done to my daughter?” she asked, her voice laced with accusation.
Elizabeth glanced at Matthew and came to his defense.
“He’s not to blame, Mom.
I slipped and fell.
”
However, Bella wasn’t having any of it, as she assumed Elizabeth was just making excuses for Matthew.
She walked up to Matthew, who nodded at her and greeted her politely.
Bella’s expression, however, remained stony.
When she spoke, it was in a voice full of anger.
“You’re Matthew, right?”
Matthew nodded.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“What’s with the numerous attempts to contact me these past few days?
You know quite well that my daughter has feelings for you.
As a married man, you should be keeping your distance, not approaching her.
”
“I think you’ve misunderstood me.
It’s you I’ve been trying to reach, not Elizabeth.
I have something important to discuss with you,”
Matthew said.
Bella didn’t seem satisfied with his explanation.
“So you’re just using my daughter? I used to admire you for achieving the position of president at such a young age.
However, I mow have second thoughts about your character as a person.
”
Matthew said nothing in his defense, fully aware that Bella was still in the midst of her rage.
After a while, he finally said, “When you calm down, I hope we can have a conversation.
”
Bella offered no response.
She turned away and left with Elizabeth.
###chapter1233
Matthew watched them walk away.
He realized that Elizabeth seemed to have a great influence on Bella.
This would make any future meeting problematic.
It seemed he had to consider another method of approach.
After they had gone some distance from the restaurant, Bella turned to Elizabeth with a glare and said, “Are you still obsessed with him?”
“Mom…” Elizabeth said, trying to explain.
However, she was interrupted by Bella.
Bella refused to let her get a word in as she said, “If you continue this way, I’ll send you away from Seamarsh.
”
Elizabeth realized that her mom was really angry.
Not wanting to provoke her any further, she said, “I’m sorry, Mom.
I’ll do better.
”
Bella’s expression softened at that.
“I don’t to you being in Seamarsh.
I even arranged for you to star in a film by Luther.
However, I expect you to behave in a certain way.
There are plenty of good men out there.
There are many eligible bachelors, but Matthew is out of the question.
”
Stella knocked on Miley’s door, which opened almost immediately.
Seeing that Miley was dressed up, she asked, “Are you heading out?”
Miley nodded.
Before she could speak, Roy came up from behind her.
He politely greeted Stella.
Stella returned his greeting before turning to Miley and asking, “Are you and Roy going out on a date?”
An unusual expression came over Miley’s face as Roy suddenly held her hand.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
There was a pause, after which Miley forced a smile and said, “Would you like to join us, Stella?”
Oblivious to Miley’s discomfort, Stella waved off her invitation, saying, “There’s no need for that.
You two need to enjoy some quality time together.
I’m here to deliver your wedding invitation.
”
She handed the invitation to Miley and said, smiling, “I formally invite my best friend to my wedding.
”
Miley opened the invitation as tears welled up in her eyes.
“I’ve waited for this day for a long time.
Finally, it’s here.
”
Stella reached out and wiped her tears.
“Don’t cry, sweetheart.
You’ve found your happiness, haven’t you?”
Miley, however, burst out crying as soon as Stella said this.
“What’s wrong?” Stella was at a loss and didn’t know what she had said wrong.
###chapter1234
Miley, however, kept crying.
Roy embraced Miley and said soothingly, “It’s alright, darling.
Please stop crying.
If you want to get married, we can have our wedding right away.
”
He smiled apologetically at Stella and said, “Miley is a bit emotional right now.
Why don’t you come back later? I need to take her out so she can clear her mind a bit.
”
Seeing that Miley’s crying had quieted down a bit, Stella felt relieved.
Before leaving, she said to Roy, “Take good care of her.
If anything else happens, let me know.
”
When the door closed behind her, Stella let out a sigh.
She could tell that Miley’s outburst was because she wasn’t over Neville.
However, with Roy present, she couldn’t ask her about it.
She needed to find the time to speak to Miley privately.
As Stella stepped out of the villa, her phone began to ring.
It was Besty.
She picked up, and Besty’s scared voice came through.
“Stella, help me…”
“Where are you right now, Besty?” Stella shouted into the phone as her heart raced alarmingly.
‘s BunnyBookery
But before Besty could respond, the line went dead.
“Besty!” Stella exclaimed, her voice filled with desperation, but there was only silence on the other end.
Panic set in as she grappled with what to do next.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Since returning, Stella had only seen Besty a couple of times and had no idea where she could be now.
Worried about Besty’s safety, Stella instinctively called Matthew.
Maybe he could help locate her friend.
After several anxious moments, the call connected.
Stella quickly explained the situation to Matthew.
“I can’t reach Besty, and I think she might be in trouble.
Can you accompany me to her home? I need to go help her.
”
“Stay where you are.
I’ll come to get you.
” Matthew’s response was immediate and authoritative.
“Felipe left his contact information during his interview.
I’ll have Fernando retrieve it right away.
”
“Okay.
” Stella agreed, her mind racing as she walked back home.
As Stella reached her home, Matthew was already there waiting.
Without hesitation, she hurried into his car, and they set off immediately towards Besty’s residence.
###chapter1235
Throughout the drive, Stella was consumed by unease and guilt.
Her head remained bowed in silent introspection.
Stella reflected on her last conversation with Besty, where she had conveyed Prosperity Group’s decision not to hire Felipe.
Although Stella believed she had been gentle in her approach, the news had distressed Besty.
Observing Stella’s troubled state, Matthew pulled the car over at an intersection.
He reached for Stella’s hand, holding it reassuringly.
“It’s not your fault.
You did what you could to help her within your means.
”
Stella turned to look at Matthew, her eyes filled with emotions, but she remained silent.
Meanwhile, the situation had escalated in Besty’s home.
Felipe Besty pinned against the sofa.
Her face showed redness and swelling from his aggressive handling, yet she maintained a defiant glare at him.
“Why didn’t you fix things for me? Why did you call Stella to ask for help?” Felipe’s grip tightened around Besty’s neck as_ he interrogated her angrily.
“You don’t want me to have a job, do you?”
“I… I didn’t do anything.
.
Besty, struggling for breath, tried to defend herself.
“You’re lying!” Felipe accused, his rage fueled by the belief that Besty had sabotaged his chances.
“If I don’t get a decent job, you might as well not Live.
”
“Please, believe me, I didn’t say anything to her,” Besty pleaded.
But Felipe wasn’t ready to listen.
Her attempts to reason with him were futile.
‘s BunnyBookery
“You’re out of a job for the time being only.
” Besty took a deep breath and tried to calm Felipe down.
“Even if you can’t join Prosperity Group, there are other opportunities, better ones.
Don’t worry.
I’ll help you find something else.
”
Her words only seemed to infuriate Felipe further.
He slapped her in the face with full force.
“It’s all your fault! You did this on purpose!” Felipe shouted, his grip on her neck intensifying.
Besty’s eyes began to roll back in her head, and her breathing became labored.
Just then, her fading consciousness was jolted back to life by the sound of the doorbell and a forceful pounding at the door.
Startled by the sudden commotion, Felipe’s grip on Besty’s neck loosened immediately.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Gasping desperately for air, Besty mustered all her strength to push Felipe away.
Despite the searing pain and oxygen deprivation in her brain, she managed to crawl off the sofa and stagger towards the door.
She managed to unlock and open the door with trembling hands.
As soon as she saw Stella on the other side, she sighed in relief, collapsed into Stella’s arms, and started crying.
While Stella tenderly embraced and consoled Besty, she noticed Felipe advancing towards them, anger still evident on his face.
Stella stood protectively in front of Besty as she confronted Felipe.
“What do you think you’re doing? How could you treat her Like this?”
“This is our family matter.
Get out of my way!” Felipe spat out, reaching to shove Stella away.
###chapter1236
But before his hand could make contact with Stella, it was abruptly seized by Matthew.
“Ah…” A sharp cry of pain escaped Felipe’s Lips.
Stella’s gaze on Felipe was one of cool detachment as she reached for her phone.
“I’m calling the police.
”
“No, Stella!” Besty shook her head.
“Please don’t call the police.
”
Stella’s expression hardened as she took in the visible marks on Besty’s face, her voice rising in anger.
“Look at what he’s done to you! Why are you protecting him? Don’t worry, I’ve got your back.
”
“I appreciate it, but it’s okay.
” Besty, managing a weak smile through her tears, tried to reassure Stella.
“If he lays a hand on me again, I’ll be the one to call the police.
”
Stella seemed ready to argue further, but Matthew gently intervened, signaling her it was time to leave.
After a moment’s contemplation, Stella gave up.
“If you need anything, just call me, okay?”
Besty gave a grateful nod in response.
Stella then turned to Felipe.
“If you ever harm Besty again, you’ll regret it.
”
While leaving Besty’s place, Stella couldn’t help but look back at her friend with worry and reluctance.
Despite Besty’s reassuring smile and wave, Stella’s heart remained heavy with unease.
“Besty has made her choice to handle this alone.
We should respect that.
” Matthew gently squeezed Stella’s hand to reassure her.
“But I’ll arrange for some bodyguards to watch over her discreetly.
She’ll be fine.
”
Stella nodded and said nothing.
She couldn’t help but wonder how a loving relationship between Besty and Felipe had deteriorated to such a troubling state.
Meanwhile, at the amusement park, Miley and Roy were in line for the Ferris wheel.
After their recent argument, the couple had not talked to each other for the past few days.
Miley had agreed to this outing with Roy, though she still had some reservations.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
However, as the day progressed and Roy showed genuine effort and enthusiasm, Miley’s discomfort slowly faded.
After a few minutes, Miley and Roy finally got on the Ferris wheel.
Miley’s spirits lifted as she took in the breathtaking view of Seamarsh.
“Neville, look!” Miley exclaimed, pointing excitedly at a flock of white birds flying by.
The moment Miley inadvertently uttered Neville’s name, a palpable chill seemed to permeate the air.
Regret washed over her, yet the words, once spoken, were irretrievable.
Taking a deep, steadying breath, she turned to face Roy.
His usual smile had vanished, replaced by a simmering anger.
“Roy, I’m sorry, I…” Miley began, her voice faltering as she swallowed nervously.
“It was a mistake.
I meant to say your name, not his.
”
Her attempt at an explanation did little to soothe Roy’s burgeoning irritation.
###chapter1237
Miley sat, a picture of helplessness, unsure of her next move.
Roy’s face twisted into a grimace, his voice icy with contempt.
“Neville must be truly remarkable, to have you so hung up on him.
”
“No, no,” Miley stammered, a hint of fear creeping into her voice as she shook her head vehemently.
“It was just a slip of the tongue.
I’ve moved on, really.
”
But Roy’s dissatisfaction was evident.
His expression darkened further as he stood abruptly, closing the distance between them.
The Ferris wheel continued its ascent, nearing its apex.
Miley, uncertain of Roy’s intentions, retreated until the confined space of the cabin left her back pressed against the window, with nowhere else to go.
As they approached the Ferris wheel’s peak, Roy’s gaze bore into her, unrelenting.
He placed his hands on her shoulders, his grip firm and unyielding.
“Am I not good enough for you? Why is it always Neville?
What does he have that I don’t?”
Frozen with fear, Miley trembled under his scrutiny.
Roy’s words felt like a physical assault, leaving her immobilized, robbed of the strength to even speak.
She mustered the courage to look up at Roy, only to see his features contorted with rage.
Miley’s heart raced with dread, fearful of the unpredictable fury that might be unleashed.
“Roy, are you insane? Let go of me!” Miley’s voice trembled with a mixture of fear and disbelief.
After a tense moment, Roy’s grip relaxed, and he stepped back, his face twisting into a sardonic smile.
“Miley, I love you.
I can’t bear the thought of losing you.
”
Miley, too shaken to respond, shrank back into the corner of the cabin, her body quivering uncontrollably.
The man before her was a stark, unsettling contrast to the man she had once known.
He had transformed, in her eyes, into something monstrous.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
As soon as the Ferris wheel came to a halt and the door swung open, Miley bolted out, her only thought to escape.
But Roy was quick to follow.
“Miley, slow down.
Wait for me!” he called after her.
Whirling around, Miley confronted him, her voice resolute.
“Roy, it’s over.
Stay away from me!”
Without waiting for a response, she turned and fled.
She ran until the distance between them felt safe, finally slowing to a stop on a quiet street.
Collapsing onto a bench, she fought for breath, tears streaming down her face.
In the aftermath, she pulled out her phone with trembling hands, scrolling through her contacts in search of someone to confide in, but found no one.
###chapter1238
Miley had always been alone, facing life’s challenges with stoic resilience.
Yet, in this moment of vulnerability, she recognized a painful truth.
She had been wrong to seek solace in a toxic relationship to fill the void left by lost love.
Drying her tears, a new resolve took hold within her.
Miley silently vowed to herself that she would forge a fulfilling life, one that didn’t hinge on Neville or anyone else.
The Blakely family’s living room buzzed with bustling energy.
Everyone was deeply engrossed in discussing a single issue.
It was the location for the engagement party of Neville and Susie.
Neville’s parents were adamant about celebrating on an island.
On the other hand, Susie’s parents disagreed.
“It’s best to have the party in downtown Seamarsh, so it’s easy for everyone to get there.
”
“I’ve always dreamed of a garden wedding, though,” Susie chimed in with her preference.
“This is our discussion.
You don’t get a say in this ” Her parents dismissed her.
Feeling dismissed, Susie sulked and dropped the subject.
She was painfully aware that her marriage to Neville was more a merging of families than her own choice.
The debate over the venue grew more heated, almost turning into an argument.
Sitting quietly on one end of the couch, Neville observed it all.
He realized that both families were using the engagement to their advantage, showing little concern for his and Susie’s future happiness.
Fed up with the bickering, he abruptly stood up and announced, “I’m going out for a smoke.
”
He left the living room, the sound of squabbling diminishing behind him.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once outside, Neville stopped and took out a cigarette, placing it between his lips.
He inhaled deeply, just as he heard footsteps coming up behind him.
Neville continued smoking, spinning the lighter in his hand a few times, not looking back.
Standing next to him, Susie glanced at him and asked, “Is something bothering you today?”
Shaking his head, Neville held his cigarette and replied in a low voice, “No, it’s just the noise that’s irritating.
I want to get the engagement party sorted out quickly.
”
Susie’s smile relaxed a little when she heard this, feeling somewhat reassured.
She wrapped her arms around Neville’s waist and whispered, “If it’s too much, you can wait in the room.
I’ll take care of everything.
”
Neville gave a small nod and murmured in agreement.
###chapter1239
That evening, Neville stayed.
After his shower, he found Susie on the bed in her nightgown.
Her nightgown was quite alluring, white lace showing off her figure, something any man would find appealing.
Neville hesitated, then looked away.
He took off his bath towel, changed into his pajamas, and climbed into bed.
He stayed cool and collected, leaving Susie to wonder if she didn’t attract him, feeling a little disheartened.
Unaware of Susie’s mood shift, Neville dimmed the lights and was about to sleep when Susie hugged him from behind.
Her soft voice broke the silence.
“We’ve set the engagement party for next Saturday.
”
“Okay,” Neville answered quietly, trying to move Susie’s hand away, but she pressed closer to him.
Neville grasped what she was implying.
After a brief moment of thought, he turned to face her, just about to speak when Susie stepped closer unexpectedly.
Her lips nearly met his when Neville gently pushed her away.
Susie paused in shock, surprised by her own boldness and his rejection.
Realizing he might have reacted too strongly, Neville said, “Sorry.
”
Susie found her voice again, asking, “What’s the matter? Don’t you like me? Why don’t you…”
“It’s mot like that,” Neville cut in.
“Sorry, I’m really exhausted today.
Let’s talk another time.
I’ll sleep in the guest room tonight.
”
As Neville got ready to leave, Susie looked on, feeling a mix of emotions.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Finally, she couldn’t hold back.
“Are you still thinking about Miley?”
Neville hesitated, his tone growing slightly deeper.
“No, stop it.
I’m just very tired.
”
Susie could hear the weariness in his voice and accepted it, not pushing the issue.
She understood that Miley’s memory couldn’t be erased from Neville’s life instantly.
She was ready to give him time to move on and didn’t want Miley to be the cause of their disagreements.
With a sigh of compromise, she suggested, “Then stay and sleep here.
I won’t touch you, I promise.
”
But Neville didn’t agree.
Quietly, he closed the door and left.
Neville reclined in the guest room, lighting a cigarette.
###chapter1240
After a brief puff, he extinguished it and pulled out his phone, browsing through the photo album.
Hidden within, an encrypted album demanded a password, revealing hundreds of photos of Miley.
These memories, spanning from the start of their relationship, filled his once sparse album.
Having parted ways, Neville hadn’t dared to revisit these images, haunted by anxiety and Longing.
His gaze settled on the last photo, a candid moment where a playful peck turned into a passionate ki*s.
Lost in the memories of that day, he didn’t put down his phone until its battery nearly died.
Lying in bed, his mind wandered.
He pondered if his past indiscretions with women and his loss of Miley were divine retribution.
Quiet departure seemed like the only option.
Two days later, Matthew uncovered Bella’s location.
Learning she’d attend a wine party hosted by an internationally renowned painter, he swiftly secured an invitation through Fernando.
Arriving early at the hotel, Matthew intended to approach Bella formally, hoping she wouldn’t dismiss him.
His wait was brief.
Soon, a car approached.
Bella emerged as the driver opened the door.
Matthew, adjusting his suit, prepared to step forward.
Suddenly, a man with flowers charged towards Bella.
She screamed, recoiling in alarm.
Oblivious to her discomfort, the man extended the flowers, professing his admiration.
“Bella, I’m your fan.
I’ve adored you for so long.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Get them away from me,” Bella demanded, covering her nose and pushing the flowers aside.
Despite her refusal, the man kept insisting.
“Please, Bella, take these flowers.
”
Before he could continue, hotel security arrived, pulling him away.
In the struggle, the flowers dropped and got trampled, their petals spreading across the floor.
As the commotion subsided and the crowd dispersed, Bella clutched her chest, gasping and coughing.
Suddenly, she seemed on the verge of collapsing.
Realizing something was amiss, Matthew quickly supported her.
After a brief assessment, he instructed the driver decisively, “To the hospital.
She’s allergic to pollen.
”
At the hospital, the doctor administered an infusion, and Bella’s condition improved significantly.
###chapter1241
Once the doctor left, Matthew inquired from the doorway, “Should we inform Elizabeth?”
Bella, still weak, shook her head.
“No, it’s not necessary.
The doctor said we can leave after the infusion.
”
Matthew didn’t press further.
He stood quietly by her bed, watching the infusion bottle.
Bella observed him for a moment and then expressed her gratitude.
“Thank you.
”
“It’s nothing,” Matthew replied courteously.
Pleased with his reaction, Bella felt inclined to engage further.
“You’ve been looking for me.
Why? You saved me, so I’ll set aside my reservations for now.
What did you want to talk about?”
After a brief pause, Matthew said carefully, “I do have something to confirm with you.
If it’s too sudden, please forgive me.
”
Bella nodded for him to continue.
Matthew asked, “Have you ever lived in Seamarsh? Were you ever married before you met your current husband?”
Bella, perhaps influenced by Matthew’s prior assistance, wasn’t put off by his blunt questions.
She shook her head.
“I’ve never been to Seamarsh before.
I’d never been married before meeting my current husband, and I only have a daughter.
”
Matthew, observing Bella’s confident demeanor, began to doubt his own investigation.
Could it be that Stella and Bella were not connected after all?
“Why do you ask?” Bella inquired, her curiosity evident.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Snapped back to the moment, Matthew pondered for a moment.
“Could you look at a photo of my wife?”
He wasn’t ready to abandon his lead just yet.
Bella found the request odd, even inappropriate, but considering his earlier help, she indulged him.
“Why do you want me to see your wife’s photo?”
Matthew cleared his throat.
“It’s just to show you how much my wife and I love each other.
I assure you, I have no intentions towards Elizabeth.
”
Though skeptical, Bella agreed.
As Matthew reached for his phone to find Stella’s photo, the ward door burst open.
Elizabeth rushed in, concern written all over her face.
“Mom!”
She checked Bella over, planting a ki*s on her cheek.
“Where did you get hurt?”
###chapter1242
Bella reassured her daughter with a smile.
“I’m fine; just a pollen allergy.
I’m much better now.
”
With Elizabeth’s arrival, Bella lost interest in continuing the conversation with Matthew.
She turned to him.
“I’m sorry, but my daughter is here.
You should go now.
”
Respecting the changed circumstances, Matthew tucked away his phone.
“Rest well,” he said softly, then exited.
After the door closed, Elizabeth, who had overheard snippets of their conversation, asked Bella, “Mom, was Matthew about to show you something?”
She had noticed Matthew holding his phone out to Bella just as she entered.
Bella was forthright in her response.
“He wanted to show me a picture of his wife.
Odd, isn’t it?” she asked with a smile.
Elizabeth felt a twinge of unease.
She recalled how people often mentioned her resemblance to Stella, and Matthew’s insistence on Bella meeting Stella.
Could there be a connection between Bella and Stella?
The thought alarmed her.
Noticing Elizabeth’s distraction, Bella worried she had inadvertently reignited her daughter’s interest in Matthew.
“Elizabeth, what’s on your mind? You’re so quiet all of a sudden.
”
Elizabeth snapped out of her reverie, meeting Bella’s gaze.
“It’s nothing, really.
I’m fine.
”
She quickly changed the subject.
“Mom, how are you finding Seamarsh?
Do you want to go back to Dorburn for a while?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Bella hesitated, then smiled.
“I’d like to, but I promised to stay here with you for some time.
Plus, you’re about to start shooting Luther’s new film, and I worry about you being here alone.
”
“Mom, don’t worry about me.
I can look after myself.
The film shoot won’t take long, and I’ll head back to Dorburn as soon as it’s done.
”
Bella’s concern lingered, but Elizabeth reassured her.
“I’ve made up my mind, Mom.
I won’t interact with Matthew anymore.
”
Bella studied her daughter, searching for any hint of deceit.
Finding none, she felt a sense of relief.
“Alright, I’ll head back to Dorburn.
But I’ll stay until the movie’s opening ceremony.
”
Elizabeth nodded in agreement.
She knew that typically only the director and cast attended these events, so Bella wouldn’t encounter Stella.
###chapter1243
Excitedly, Elizabeth pulled out her phone.
“I’ll book your ticket right away and let Dad know.
He’ll be thrilled you’re coming back.
”
Two days later, Luther’s film commenced shooting at the picturesque Seamarine Garden.
Stella, having received the dress code well in advance, instructed the studio staff to fervently engage in the design process.
Amidst overseeing her team’s work, Stella’s thoughts drifted to Flossie.
Miley’s revelation about being unable to reach Flossie had lingered in her mind, prompting her to make frequent calls to Flossie herself.
Yet, each attempt met with the same outcome—unanswered.
The persistent busy tones deepened Stella’s frown and fueled her growing concern.
What could have possibly happened to Flossie?
Lost in her worries, Stella’s phone abruptly rang, snapping her back to reality.
Her eyes lit up, hoping it was Flossie, but the caller ID displayed Jax Green, Luther’s assistant.
Stella’s brief spark of hope faded, replaced by a composed demeanor as she answered, “Hello, Jax.
What’s the matter?”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Stella, we’ve got a problem.
” Jax’s voice, tinged with urgency, came through.
“The rolling ceremony is imminent, but Luka’s outfit was torn.
The press will be here any moment.
We need your expertise!”
Without a second thought, Stella responded assertively, “I’ll be on my way.
”
She swiftly gathered an assortment of clothes and accessories, possibly useful for the crisis, and beckoned her assistant, Evie.
Since expanding her studio, Stella had brought on several assistants, including Evie, to ease her workload.
“Evie, grab your things.
We’re heading to the set,” she instructed.
Evie, abandoning her pencil, joined Stella in a flurry of preparation.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
They hailed a taxi and sped towards Seamarine Garden, the urgency in Stella’s voice shortening the journey from thirty minutes to twenty.
Upon arrival, Stella and Evie, laden with bags, hurriedly alighted.
Stella, ever the mentor, turned to Evie to impart some last-minute guidance, oblivious to her surroundings.
In her haste, she collided with a woman donning sunglasses, sending their bags tumbling and its contents sprawling to the ground.
Flustered, Stella crouched to retrieve the scattered items, apologizing profusely without looking up.
“I’m terribly sorry.
Are you alright?”
The woman, revealed to be Bella, responded gently, “No harm done.
”
However, her attention was captivated by the garments on the ground.
Lifting a long windbreaker, she regarded Stella with astonishment.
###chapter1244
“Is this one of your designs?”
As Stella’s gaze met Bella’s, a wave of astonishment washed over Bella’s face.
An uncanny resemblance struck her, rendering her speechless.
Why did the girl in front of her look like her so much?
People often remarked that Elizabeth resembled Bella, but the similarity in Stella’s eyes was strikingly more profound, almost as if looking into a mirror.
Bella’s lips parted, about to voice her astonishment, when the moment was abruptly shattered by Jax’s hurried approach.
He quickly assisted Stella in gathering the strewn clothes, his voice laced with urgency.
“Time is ticking away.
The media will be here in fifteen minutes.
”
“Understood,” Stella responded, gathering the last of the clothes.
Only then did she realize the woman opposite her still held one of her garments.
With a respectful bow, Stella apologized once more.
“I’m sincerely sorry for the collision, Ma’am.
” Swiftly retrieving the garment, she hastened away with Jax, leaving Bella standing there, deep in thought.
The resemblance was uncanny.
Bella’s reverie was broken by her ringing phone.
Elizabeth’s name flashed on the screen.
Answering, she heard her daughter’s voice, efficient and brief.
“Mom, your ride to the airport is here.
Text me when you arrive, alright?
I can’t talk now; the reporters are here.
”
The call ended almost as soon as it began.
Bella wanted to ask Elizabeth about the girl who looked so much Like her, but the opportunity slipped away.
Holding her phone, she tried to piece together her thoughts, but they were jumbled and unclear.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It could simply be a coincidence, she reasoned.
After all, the world was full of Look-alikes.
Soon, the car Elizabeth had arranged pulled up.
The driver stepped out and opened the door for Bella.
Shaking off her lingering thoughts, Bella stepped into the vehicle.
Stella followed Jax into Luka’s lounge, where she noticed a damaged shirt.
The shirt, supposedly made of silk, had a large hole in the armpit, rendering it unwearable.
Jax, visibly worried, shared, “This is the sponsor’s shirt for the movie.
They wanted Luka to wear it today for some publicity.
But something’s off.
I barely touched it and it ripped.
Can we fix this somehow?”
Examining the shirt closely, Stella quickly figured out the issue.
“This isn’t pure silk.
It’s a blend.
The person who sewed it must have thought it was regular silk and made a mistake.
”
“So, what do we do now?” Jax asked, clearly stressed.
###chapter1245
Stella thought for a moment and replied, “We need to tell the brand about this and have them check the material themselves.
Luka can’t wear this for the opening.
”
She then turned to Evie and instructed, “Help Luka find a new outfit for now.
”
“Got it,” Evie responded and started selecting clothes that matched Luka’s style.
Luka, who had been tense, relaxed a bit when he saw Evie’s choices.
He smiled and said, “I owe you one.
The clothes they picked out just weren’t right for me.
”
Stella grinned.
“Oh, it’s just what I do.
You’re too kind.
”
Luka had his own style team who knew exactly what he liked to wear.
Today was just a fluke.
They hadn’t anticipated a situation like this.
Without a spare outfit prepared, they were at a loss what to do next.
This gave Stella a chance to step in and help.
They didn’t chat much before an assistant interrupted them.
“ALL the reporters are here.
You can go out now.
”
Luka got up, ready to leave, then paused and turned to Stella.
“Come with me.
”
“Me?” Stella’s eyes widened in surprise.
Luka just nodded.
“The reporters and director are waiting.
Please, go out together,” the assistant urged, gently pushing them both out of the room.
With no other choice, Stella accompanied Luka to the opening ceremony.
It was a hit, and Luka’s outfit received loads of compliments.
Seizing the moment, Luka proudly announced, “Stella designed this outfit.
”
All eyes turned to Stella.
Everyone knew she was Matthew’s wife, and her sudden appearance stirred up excitement.
“Mrs.
Clark, you’re just perfect for Mr.
Clark.
”
“Luther’s been so secretive! He never mentioned that the film’s costume designer is Mrs.
Clark.
”
Feeling a bit awkward, Stella quickly switched topics.
“Today’s all about the premiere.
Let’s not shift the focus from the lead actors.
You should really be asking them more about the film.
”
However, one reporter persisted.
Stepping forward with a microphone, he asked, “Mrs.
Clark, you’re absolutely stunning.
Ever thought about a career in showbiz? I bet Luther would jump at the chance to work with you.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella quickly shook her head, responding, “I haven’t considered it right now.
Maybe in the future, if an opportunity comes up, I might give it a shot.
”
The reporter pressed on, “Have you and Mr.
Clark set a date for your wedding?”
Stella glanced at the gathering of journalists and reminded them, “Today’s focus should be on promoting the movie.
Let’s not lose sight of that.
”
Meanwhile, Elizabeth, the film’s lead actress, felt increasingly irritated, Stella’s remarks only fueled her anger.
Despite her frustration, she maintained a forced smile for the cameras, while seething at Stella inwardly.
In her mind, she scorned, “Stella, you bitch! You always steal the spotlight! Every time you show up, you take what’s rightfully mine!”
###chapter1246
That evening, Elizabeth found herself at Moon Bar.
She had just left the film set, frustrated and needing a distraction.
The spotlight she expected had been stolen by Stella, and it rankled her.
In an attempt to soothe her frustration, she booked a VIP booth and opened a bottle of wine, pouring herself glass after glass.
While sipping her drink, the noise from the adjacent booth caught her attention.
A man’s slurred voice broke through the din.
“What’s so great about Stella? She’s just cozying up to the wealthy.
What’s there to be proud of?”
Upon hearing Stella’s name, Elizabeth couldn’t help but listen more intently.
She poured another glass, tuning in to the man’s rambling complaints.
“How dare Stella look down on us?” he bellowed, belching loudly.
“Without her rich beau, she’s nothing!”
Raising an eyebrow, Elizabeth hadn’t expected such gossip.
The man, now out of wine, banged on the table demanding more.
“Bring me wine! More wine!”
Curious, Elizabeth picked up her glass and slid into the booth next to the man.
She set her glass down and smiled.
“Do you mind if I join you?”
He looked up, and it was Leo.
‘s BunnyBookery
The once confident man was now disheveled and down on his Luck.
After his encounter with Stella, things had spiraled downward.
His law firm’s office rent had been hiked up unexpectedly, and he struggled to scr@pe together enough money to cover it.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
But that was just the start of his string of misfortunes.
One unfortunate day, as Leo was returning home, he was inexplicably attacked.
He reported the incident to the police, only to be informed that the assault had occurred in a surveillance blind spot, making it impossible to identify his assailant.
Unable to find the person responsible, Leo nursed his grievances in silence.
However, this was just one of his troubles.
Many clients he had previously lined up began to cancel their appointments, leading to an extended closure of his law office.
The situation was dire-he was on the brink of homelessness.
Confronted by Elizabeth, who bore a resemblance to Stella, Leo’s resentment intensified.
“Who the hell are you?” he demanded.
###chapter1247
Elizabeth, swirling her glass leisurely, replied with a smile, “Your savior.
”
Perhaps the alcohol was affecting him; Leo scrutinized Elizabeth for a moment, then grunted, “Whoever you are, just keep the wine coming.
”
With a snap of her fingers, Elizabeth summoned the waiter, who promptly refilled Leo’s table with various wines.
Observing him down a few glasses, Elizabeth sensed it was the right moment to delve deeper.
“Do you know Stella?” she inquired gently.
Leo paused, his gaze fixed on her.
Elizabeth maintained eye contact, asking slowly, “Would you like to share something about Stella?”
He broke his stare, taking several more sips of wine, his eyes growing hazier.
Glancing at Elizabeth with a drunken smirk, he slurred, “Well, since you’re curious, I’ll tell you.
”
Leo finished his glass of wine and remarked, “Stella has been an orphan since childhood and only got the chance to attend school after being adopted by the Anderson family.
”
Sporting a mocking smile, he continued, “When she joined the company, I noticed her innocence and charm.
I couldn’t resist asking her to be my girlfriend, and to my surprise, she agreed.
However, as we spent more time together, I discovered she was quite conservative and dutt.
”
With a sneer, Leo added, “While contemplating how to end things, she uncovered that I was married.
I wanted to break up anyway, so we did.
Little did I know, she would go on to marry Matthew, the wealthiest man in Seamarsh, within a few years!”
Leo’s expression turned malicious and fierce as he gritted his teeth.
“Seems my status wasn’t high enough for her back then.
That’s why she wouldn’t let me near her, that bitch!”
He raised his head and downed a few more glasses of wine.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Elizabeth held her glass, lost in thought.
After a moment, she asked, “Would you be open to collaboration if the opportunity arises?”
“What kind of collaboration are you suggesting?” Leo stared at her intently.
“I’m open to anything.
”
His current desire was to ensure Stella did not enjoy a good life.
With a smile playing on her lips, Elizabeth tapped the table and said, “Give me your business card.
”
Leo looked puzzled but retrieved a business card from his pocket, placing it on the table.
Elizabeth took the card and read, “Leo Webster.
”
Turning around, she found Leo now asleep at the table.
###chapter1248
Disgust wrinkled Elizabeth’s brow as she pocketed the card, stood up, and left.
She decided to hold on to the loser’s information for the time being, biding her time to use it when the opportunity arose.
After finishing work on the shooting site, Stella prepared to head home.
As she stepped out and attempted to hail a taxi, a car pulled up in front of her.
The window rolled down, revealing Luka’s handsome face.
Looking at Stella, he said, “Hop in.
I’ll give you a ride home.
”
Stella quickly waved her hand.
“No, thanks.
I can grab a taxi.
”
“Getting a taxi here is a hassle.
” Luka didn’t allow her to refuse.
“Are you too scared to get in my car?”
Caught off guard, Stella felt embarrassed and unsure how to respond.
Luka didn’t let her dwell on the embarrassment.
“Just get in.
I want to express my gratitude for your help today.
Don’t overthink it.
If you don’t get in, I’ll get out and help you into the car.
”
Aware that he was a man of his word, Stella hesitated no further and got into the car.
“Thank you.
” She expressed her gratitude, securing her seat belt.
Luka raised an eyebrow, smiling, and started driving after she fastened her seat belt.
In the car, he noticed Stella’s nervous expression from the corner of his eye and couldn’t help but chuckle.
“Don’t stress.
Although I have feelings for you, I have my principles.
Unless you’re mistreated or break up with Matthew, I won’t cross any lines.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella didn’t anticipate him reading her thoughts so easily.
She smiled awkwardly but also felt a sense of relief.
Luka’s gaze darkened slightly.
He then inquired, “Now that we’ve discussed it, can I invite you to dinner occasionally in the future?”
Stella wanted to refuse outright, but hesitated, thinking it might be too narrow-minded.
After contemplating for a moment, she replied, “Feel free to reach out anytime if it’s work-related.
”
Luka acknowledged with a nod, maintaining silence.
The car reached Prosper Bay shortly.
Stella graciously thanked Luka and entered her home.
Upon opening the door, she noticed the lights were on.
Matthew sat in the living room, wearing a somber expression.
Setting down her bag, Stella approached him and asked, “What’s wrong?
You don’t look well.
”
###chapter1249
Matthew’s brow creased.
“I received an invitation this morning.
.
He pursed his lips, handing the invitation to Stella.
“Take a Look.
”
As Stella unfolded the invitation, she discovered it was for Neville and Susie’s engagement.
Contemplating Miley’s situation, her expression changed.
“They’re getting engaged so soon? Can’t I skip this?” She pouted, expressing her discontent.
Matthew understood her concerns.
He embraced her and said, “I know you don’t want to go.
After all, you’re Miley’s best friend.
She endured a lot because of Neville.
His words weighed on Stella’s heart.
“Has everyone already learned about Neville’s engagement?”
Matthew nodded affirmatively.
Stella promptly stood up and declared, “I’ll need to see Miley.
”
Miley had been holed up at home for three days.
Stella had reached out, hoping to hang out, but Miley fibbed about being swamped with work.
The truth was, her thoughts were in disarray.
The idea of acting normal around Stella seemed impossible, so she chose isolation.
Then, her phone broke the silence.
It was yet another apology message from Roy.
He had been sending them ever since their falling-out.
Overwhelmed, Miley tossed the phone aside.
She lay on her bed, gazing blankly at the ceiling.
Her heart felt heavy, too heavy to find joy in anything.
Eventually, hunger nudged her from the bed to the kitchen.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She hadn’t felt like cooking these past days, and the fridge stood empty.
Deciding to step out, she changed and drove downtown.
Parking her car, she headed to the supermarket.
But then, a news flash caught her eye on a downtown LED billboard.
“Tomorrow night, the Pierce family and the Blakely Group will celebrate their union.
The Pierces have reserved Seamarsh’s priciest hotel, splurging over 10@ million on a lavish engagement party…”
Miley couldn’t bring herself to hear more.
Under the billboard, the sun blazed down.
She shielded her eyes with a hand, squinting for a clearer view.
The news seemed unbelievable.
###chapter1250
She wished for it to be about some other Pierce and Blakely families.
Feeling light-headed, she stumbled forward.
“Miss, are you okay?” a concerned passerby inquired, offering a helping hand.
Miley, shaking her head, managed a faint, “I’m fine.
Thank you.
”
Miley lingered there, lifting her gaze once more.
The billboard now displayed Neville and Susie’s images, shattering any illusions she clung to.
A melancholic smile crept onto her face.
She yearned to be indifferent, but the ache in her heart was undeniable.
Taking a deep breath, Miley fought off the creeping gloom.
Neville’s life, post-breakup, was no longer her concern.
Standing tall, she purchased some essentials and drove home.
Despite her best efforts, thoughts of Neville’s engagement kept intruding, her grip on the steering wheel trembling.
Reaching her house, she hastily exited the car, only to find Stella waiting at the door.
Caught off guard, Miley mustered a semblance of cheerfulness.
“Stella, what brings you here?”
Concern etched in Stella’s eyes, she reached for Miley’s hand, noticing its chill.
“Where have you been? Your hands are freezing.
Aren’t you dressed warmly enough?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley shook her head, offering a forced smile.
“I’m alright.
Just stepped out to buy something.
”
“Miley…” Stella began, hesitating.
Miley interrupted, understanding her intent.
“Stella, I know.
I’m okay.
I just need some time alone.
”
Surprised by Miley’s forthrightness, Stella grew more concerned but was cut off again.
“Please, don’t ask or say anything.
I just need solitude, Miley implored.
Reluctantly, Stella agreed to leave.
“Rest well.
I’ll check on you tomorrow.
”
Miley nodded, returning inside, moving mechanically.
After a solitary dinner, she collapsed on the sofa, fully clothed, and drifted into a restless sleep.
In the dead of night, a presence in the living room jolted her awake.
###chapter1251
Blinking into the dim light, she saw Roy.
Startled, Miley sat up on the sofa, shifting backward cautiously.
She fixed a vigilant gaze on Roy and questioned, “How did you get in?”
Noticing the fear in her eyes, Roy’s demeanor changed.
In a nonchalant tone, he revealed the unsettling truth.
“After you kicked me out last time, I managed to snag a spare key to your house.
”
Miley’s eyes widened.
“You’re a psycho!”
“Miley, I’m concerned about you.
” As Roy took a step forward, Miley instinctively retreated.
Staring at him warily, she seized a nearby pillow and hurled it at him.
“Stay away from me.
I’m not in the mood.
Don’t provoke me! Get out!”
With a thud, Roy knelt before Miley.
He grasped her hand, tears streaming down his face, and pleaded, “Miley, I acknowledge I was wrong.
Can you give me another chance? I swear it won’t happen again.
I won’t upset you again, no matter what.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Miley shook off his hand and commanded, “Get up.
”
Roy shook his head, refusing to rise.
He clutched onto Miley’s legs.
“Miley, please.
Let’s reconcile.
Don’t end things.
”
She struggled against his grip, but it was ironclad.
Regardless of her efforts, she couldn’t break free.
Irritated by Miley’s resistance, Roy stared at her and issued a threat.
“If you don’t forgive me, I’ll stay at your house forever!”
“How dare you!” Miley seethed, teeth gritted, but felt helpless.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Regret surged within her.
She never anticipated that the seemingly gentle and refined man would be so unhinged.
Miley grabbed her phone and shouted, “Roy, you’re insane.
Leave my house immediately, or I’ll call the police!”
Roy’s expression darkened, and he adopted a menacing look.
“Forgive me or I’ll make you regret it!”
Miley’s shouts echoed, her legs helplessly flailing.
“I’ll never forgive you! Go to hell, Roy!”
Roy’s face darkened.
He released his grip, stood up, and glared down at Miley.
Uncertain of his intentions, Miley continued stepping back until her back pressed against the sofa.
“In that case, I won’t let you go.
” Roy sneered.
Before Miley could react, darkness enveloped her vision, and she lost consciousness.
The following day, in a luxurious hotel, Susie stood at the center of the venue, adorned in a pink dress, her slightly curly long hair cascading around a cute little crown, making her stand out among the debutantes.
###chapter1252
It was the day of her engagement party with Neville, a moment she had eagerly awaited.
She beamed with happiness.
The lounge was overflowing with gifts, so numerous that it couldn’t contain them all.
“Susie, your engagement celebration is incredibly lavish.
I can’t even imagine how extravagant your wedding will be.
”
“Neville has truly spared no expense for you.
He’s bound to treat you exceptionally well in the future.
It’s truly enviable.
”
Susie’s joy deepened.
She smiled modestly but chose not to respond.
At that moment, Susie noticed her parents approaching.
Excusing herself from the group of debutantes, she made her way towards them.
Her father, Wyatt, scanned the surroundings and inquired in a hushed tone, “Where’s Neville? What time is it now? Why hasn’t he arrived yet?”
Susie replied discreetly, “He’s tied up with a crucial business activity in a nearby city.
He mentioned he’d be running late.
”
Wyatt’s expression soured with dissatisfaction.
He snorted.
“That’s ridiculous! Is there anything more important than your engagement?”
Wyatt harbored a dislike for Neville.
He believed that Neville had too many girlfriends and couldn’t make Susie truly happy.
Moreover, the Pierce family’s influence had dwindled, and Wyatt had been pressured by the Pierces to arrange the marriage.
Reluctantly, he allowed the two to meet.
Little did he anticipate Susie developing genuine feelings for Neville.
Understanding her father’s concerns, Susie smiled and reassured him, “Dad, as long as I’m happy, that’s all that matters.
Don’t worry; I won’t harm myself.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Though Wyatt’s expression softened slightly, his discontent lingered.
He turned to his assistant and directed, “Call Neville.
Being late on such a significant day is unacceptable!”
“Yes!” The assistant nodded, grabbed the phone, and stepped aside to make the call.
Neville’s plane just arrived at the airport.
As soon as he got off the plane, it began to rain heavily in Seamarsh.
He looked up at the sky in frustration.
His phone rang.
It was the driver calling.
When he picked up, the driver’s voice came through.
“Mr.
Pierce, it’s begun to rain, and I’m stuck on the expressway.
It’ll be a while before I’m able to get to the airport.
”
Neville tugged at his tie impatiently and asked, “How long would that be?”
“About half an hour,” the driver replied nervously.
Neville hung up the phone without saying another word.
He was about to put away his phone when a thought crossed his mind.
###chapter1253
He then placed a call to Matthew.
Matthew picked up at the first ring.
“What’s up?”
“Are you at the hotel yet?” Neville asked.
“I just arrived, not quite long.
” After a short pause, Matthew asked, “Why haven’t you arrived?”
“The driver is stuck on the expressway.
He’ll be at the airport in a while.
Please help me explain the situation to them.
I’ll be there as soon as I can,” Neville said calmly.
His phone rang again.
He Looked, and he saw that it was an unknown number .
“There’s another call coming in.
I have to take it,” he said before ending the call with Matthew and picking up the other one.
A mechanical voice came through, saying, “Hello, Neville Pierce?”
Neville frowned at this unknown person calling his name.
However, before he could say anything, he heard a shrill cry from the other end of the phone.
The frown on Neville’s face became a look of horror as he recognized Miley’s voice.
Neville immediately broke out in a cold sweat.
“Who are you? What do you want?”
The voice on the other end said, “I have Miley.
I need the sum of ten million dollars sent to me immediately.
Otherwise, she dies.
”
“What have you done to her?” Neville roared at the person on the other end of the phone.
The man ignored his question and said, “The police are not to be involved.
If they are, she dies.
”
Neville took a deep breath before saying, “Send me your account number.
”
“Hold on.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The call was then ended.
Within a minute, an account number was sent to Neville with a text saying, “Transfer the money to this account.
”
Miley’s eyes slowly opened.
It was dark, and it was raining.
She soon saw that her hands were bound.
She struggled to get free but couldn’t.
The door to the room she was in was pushed open, and Roy came in.
He looked a bit taken aback to see Miley awake.
When he noticed her struggling against the rope, he smirked and said, “Save your strength.
You’re not getting free.
”
“Roy? What the hell are you doing?” Miley asked angrily.
She shivered as a gust of wind blew in.
She still had on last night’s thin clothing, which didn’t do much against the cold.
###chapter1254
“Kidnapping is against the law.
You’ll be in a lot of trouble if you don’t let me go,” she said through gritted teeth.
Roy pulled a chair over, lit a cigarette, and took a puff.
Chuckling, he said, “I won’t be caught.
When I get the money, I’ll go abroad and live a stress-free life.
”
“What money?” Miley asked.
“I’ve found someone to pay your ransom.
” Roy seemed to be in a good mood as he answered all her questions.
“Are you talking about Neville?” Miley asked with a frown.
“Yes,” Roy replied with a smile and looked outside.
“When he comes to save you, I’ll get my money, and you’ll get your true love.
Isn’t that wonderful? It’s killing two birds with one stone.
”
There was a look of surprise in Miley’s eyes.
However, her surprise soon became sadness.
She shook her head and said, “He won’t come.
Today is his engagement party.
He won’t come.
You’ve miscalculated.
”
“Let’s wait and see,” Roy said with a careless shrug.
By the time everything in the banquet hall was ready, Neville was still missing.
Time ticked by, and the guests’ murmurs turned into anxious discussions.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Neville’s late! Does he even want to get engaged?”
“I heard he was a playboy who never settled down.
He changes girlfriends like tires.
Even Miss Blakely can’t tame him.
Poor girl.
”
“But if he skips out, things will get very tense between the Blakely and Pierce families.
”
“He’s old enough to know better, yet he’s pulling such childish antics!”
Hurley and Amya, looking pale and drawn, kept calling Neville with no an
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
swer.
Hurley finally clenched his eyes, then turned to his assistant.
“Keep trying.
Tell him if he doesn’t show, I will cut all ties with him.
”
Matthew overheard him and approached them.
He gave Hurley and Amya a polite nod before saying, “I just spoke with Neville.
The heavy rain has blocked the airport’s expressway.
He’s stuck.
”
Hurley could only explain to the restless guests, “Everyone, please.
He’s on his way.
I’ll send someone to hurry him.
”
With Matthew’s confirmation, the murmurs subsided.
Gazing out at the downpour, Matthew texted Stella, “It’s raining heavily.
Stay at home.
”
Meanwhile, Neville called the bank and transferred ten million to the specified account.
###chapter1255
He redialed the number, only to be met with a hang-up and a new address.
Neville searched online and located the camp-not far from the airport.
“Miley’s waiting for you in Norman Camping Area.
”
Neville’s face hadn’t softened since the receiving the message.
The expressway jam remained, but he couldn’t risk another delay.
If he arrived later, Miley’s fate would be even more unpredictable.
He hurried to a nearby car booth and rented a car.
“This weather’s pretty bad! Seamarsh hasn’t seen rain like this in ages.
Where you headed?” The owner sounded worried.
Straight-faced, Neville answered, “Norman Camping Area.
”
“What? Now? It’s a downpour.
The mountain roads are treacherous; you might encounter mudslides! Wait for the weather to break before camping.
Are you trying to get yourself killed?”
Neville scowled.
He knew the dangers.
But he had to go, for Miley.
Hesitantly, he left Matthew’s contact with the owner.
“If I’m not back in two hours, call him.
He’ll handle things.
”
With that, he sped away from the airport, leaving the owner to sigh and mutter, “Why is he so determined? I can only hope he makes it back.
”
The rain intensified, making the road increasingly slippery for Neville.
Navigating the middle of the hillside proved difficult.
He drove cautiously, his concern for Miley growing.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Suddenly, the car lurched violently.
Neville pounded the steering wheel, but the vehicle had stalled completely, refusing to restart.
Time was of the essence, and he couldn’t afford to waste a single minute.
Despite the heavy rain, he exited the car to inspect the situation.
The car was completely stuck in the mud.
Without hesitation, Neville abandoned the vehicle, grabbed his backpack, and ascended the hillside on foot.
Navigating the rainy terrain in leather shoes was even harder.
Neville trudged through muddy paths, his coat snagging on branches, but he paid little attention to the discomfort.
His steps were fueled by urgency.
Finding Miley was all he cared about.
In his haste, Neville slipped and tumbled down a steep slope.
###chapter1256
He desperately clutched at branches and somehow managed to stop his roll.
Lying on the ground, he attempted to rise, but a sharp pain radiated from his back.
A subdued hiss escaped his lips as he slowly regained his feet.
Despite the cold and pain gripping his body, thoughts of Miley waiting spurred him onward.
His physical discomfort was nothing.
The pain increased, but Neville pressed on, one step at a time.
After a long struggle, he finally reached the Norman Camping Area.
He wiped his face, his tense expression slightly softening.
He located the specified area from the message and cautiously opened the door to ensure the surroundings were safe.
As soon as he entered, he spotted Miley lying on the floor.
Neville rushed to Miley’s side and helped her up.
The scars and the weariness etched on her face made him feel a deep sense of sympathy.
“Miley, it’s me, Neville.
”
His hand reached out for Miley’s face, but it froze mid-air.
He was afraid he’d hurt her.
Upon hearing his voice, Miley slowly opened her eyes.
A hint of surprise flickered across her pained expression.
“Neville?
You came!”
“Yes.
” Neville grasped her hand and flinched slightly.
It was freezing.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Sensing her tremble, he turned, grabbed a clean coat from his waterproof backpack, and dr@ped it over her.
“Are you okay? Do you feel any discomfort?”
Miley shook her head, concern evident as she noticed the blood on Neville’s body.
“You’re injured.
Does it hurt?”
Neville brushed off her question.
He casually glanced at the scratch.
“It’s just a scratch.
Nothing serious.
”
He then turned to the relentless rain outside.
“Once the rain eases up a bit, we’ll head down the mountain.
”
He grabbed his phone and confirmed what he expected-there was no signal at all.
He sat Miley up and settled beside her.
Miley’s gaze locked into him for what felt Like an eternity.
A Lump suddenly formed in her throat.
She had many grievances she wanted to voice, but she knew it was inappropriate-they’d already broken up.
###chapter1257
After a prolonged silence, she summoned her courage.
“Aren’t you supposed to be at your engagement party? Why are you here?” she asked meekly, her gaze lowered.
Neville blurted out, “I was worried about you.
The engagement party.
His words hung in the air as he paused.
Clenching her hands, Miley pressed, “What about Susie?”
Neville’s gaze met hers.
He replied with indifference, “I will handle it.
Don’t worry.
But why are you here? Who brought you here?”
He had surveyed the area and only found Miley.
Head bowed in embarrassment, Miley took a deep breath before confessing, “It’s Roy.
”
“Roy? Isn’t he…?” Neville’s voice raised.
Miley smiled with a tinge of self-mockery and recounted Roy’s entire story.
“He then tied me and left,” she finished.
Neville’s expression turned serious.
“I warned you about that guy.
Miley, when will you start making smarter choices?”
A subtle twitch played on Miley’s Lips as she sighed.
“You’re right.
I wouldn’t have fallen for one deceit after another if I was smarter.
”
Neville felt a Lump form in his throat.
Silence enveloped them once more.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Meanwhile, the banquet hall erupted into another commotion.
It was already half past seven.
Neville was two hours late, and his absence was conspicuous.
Realistically, there was no excuse for being this late.
Wyatt and Kamryn fumed and seized Susie’s wrist.
They marched out determinedly.
“We are canceling this engagement!”
Hurley and his wife exchanged a glance before stepping forward.
“Hold on.
Neville is on his way.
”
Wyatt shrugged off their attempts at consolation.
“No need.
If he’s not interested in engagement, the Blakely family won’t press the issue.
”
“It’s our mistake tonight.
I’ll have a word with Neville when he arrives and make sure he apologizes to Susie.
” Hurley apologized.
He looked at Susie, hoping to soften her heart.
But Susie, humiliated in front of everyone and noticing mocking glances from those who had flattered her earlier, was visibly upset.
###chapter1258
Silent, with tears welling in her eyes, she looked down.
“We’ll call off the engagement.
” Wyatt remained firm.
The atmosphere was chaotic.
Matthew, unable to reach Neville, grew increasingly concerned.
A call from Stella brought some relief.
Moving away for privacy, he answered it.
“Is everything alright over there?” Stella’s voice came through.
Glancing at Hurley, still apologizing, and Wyatt, visibly upset, Matthew relayed the situation.
“Neville hasn’t arrived yet.
”
Stella sounded worried.
“I can’t reach Miley either.
What’s happening?
Are they—”
Matthew, trying to stay composed, reassured her, “Don’t worry.
I’ll be home soon.
”
On the mountain, the night was dark, snow falling, the cold intensifying.
Wrapped tightly in coat, Miley shivered uncontrollably.
Neville noticed her struggle.
Looking outside, he saw the rain had eased.
“We can’t just wait here.
We need to get down the mountain.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley attempted to stand with his help, but failed.
Reluctantly, she withdrew her hand.
“Go on without me.
You should get down the mountain first.
”
Neville frowned and squatted in front of Miley.
“I’ll carry you down.
I marked the path on the way up, and if we stay here, we might freeze.
”
Miley looked at his broad back, hesitating.
Finally, she refused.
“You’re hurt.
Carrying me will only make it worse.
Just leave me.
”
“Miley!” Neville’s voice was firm, brooking no argument.
“You can climb up yourself or let me carry you.
Which is it?”
Reluctantly, Miley placed her hand on his shoulder, conceding to the urgency of their situation.
Neville felt her weight and his own pain, wincing slightly.
Thankfully, Miley was light enough to bear.
###chapter1259
With gritted teeth and one hand on the ground for support, he lifted her and set off from the camp.
As darkness deepened, navigating became a challenge.
Neville relied on memory and the marks he’d made earlier.
They made slow progress, Miley attempting to distract him with conversation, sharing light-hearted stories.
But both were acutely aware of their dwindling strength.
Eventually, Neville’s steps faltered, his vision blurring.
He found a relatively flat area and set Miley down.
“Go that way, you’ll get down the mountain soon.
”
“What about you?” Miley looked at him, concerned.
Leaning against a tree trunk, Neville struggled for breath.
“Go ahead.
I’ll follow.
”
Sensing his distress, Miley refused to leave him.
“I won’t leave you.
We’ll go together.
”
Before Neville could respond, his body slumped, and he leaned to the side.
“Neville!” Miley caught him in a panic.
“Miley…” Neville’s voice faded as he slipped into unconsciousness.
“Neville?” Miley’s voice trembled with panic.
“Don’t scare me.
Wake up!”
He lay motionless, unresponsive to her pleas.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Fear clawed at Miley’s heart.
She fumbled for her phone, desperate for help, but the screen displayed a taunting lack of signal.
Tears welled in her eyes.
She couldn’t lose Neville like this, not yet.
“Neville… Wake up…” Words choked in her throat as she called his name, each repetition echoing her despair.
Suddenly, a deafening roar shattered the silence.
Miley looked up, squinting at the source.
A helicopter hovered overhead, its searchlight cutting through the darkness.
Joy surged through Miley.
She hoped it was rescue.
She scrambled to her feet, waving her arms wildly.
“We’re here! There are people here!”
She grabbed the flashlight on the ground and waved it at the helicopter.
“Someone’s here!” she cried, her voice ragged with exertion.
The helicopter dipped lower, and a ladder descended.
###chapter1260
Relief flooded Miley as her muscles surrendered, and she sank to her knees.
The captain of the rescue team, Kurt Bernard, emerged from the ladder.
He grabbed Miley’s arm, his voice firm but gentle.
“Can you hold on?”
Miley managed a weak smile.
“I’m fine, but my friend is unconscious.
Please, save him.
The words drained the last of her strength.
Her vision blurred, and darkness swallowed her whole.
Kurt’s eyes narrowed.
“Go with the team and rescue Mr.
Pierce,” he commanded.
He knelt beside Miley, his brow furrowed in concern.
Her condition was bad, a testament to her ordeal.
This woman wasn’t simple, he mused.
Following the rescue, Kurt arranged for both Neville and Miley to be taken to the hospital.
He then contacted Matthew to update him on the situation.
Upon hearing the news, Matthew wasted no time in grabbing Stella and heading to the hospital.
In the car, Stella sat with her arms crossed, a furrow carved into her brow.
Regret gnawed at her.
“If I’d paid more attention to Roy’s warning signs, Miley wouldn’t be in this mess.
”
Matthew offered a quick glance before speaking, his voice flat.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Roy’s been dealt with.
He’s a habitual offender, preying on female tourists seeking solo adventures.
We retrieved the ten million transferred to his account, but…”
Stella pressed, “But what?”
Matthew’s voice deepened.
“The Blakely family is adamant about calling off the engagement in light of this incident.
”
Surprise flickered across Stella’s face as she lowered her head.
A muttered curse escaped her lips.
“He deserves it.
”
If not for Neville, Miley wouldn’t be paying the price.
She had no sympathy for him.
Matthew attempted a change of subject.
“Once we get to the hospital, focus on comforting Miley.
”
Stella looked up, her expression softening.
“Miley’s my best friend.
Of course I will.
I need to get Flossie back here too.
”
But mentioning Flossie immediately caused her to frown, “It’s been a month with no news.
I’m truly worried about her.
”
###chapter1261
Matthew offered a gentle smile.
“Quite the handful, your two friends.
”
Stella chuckled softly.
“You’re not wrong.
”
The next day, Miley blinked awake in the sterile white of the hospital room, a nurse meticulously replacing her IV drip.
“Ah, good morning,” the nurse chirped, noticing Miley stir.
“Any aches or pains?”
Miley had been unconscious for the whole night.
She felt fuzzy and disoriented.
Images flickered behind her eyelids-a helicopter, flashing lights, Neville.
“Where’s Neville? The man who was brought in with me.
Is he alright?”
The nurse’s smile dimmed.
“Mr.
Pierce is badly injured.
Still haven’t managed to wake him yet.
”
Miley attempted to push back the covers.
“I need to see him,” she insisted, ignoring the protest in her aching body.
But the nurse held her down.
“Your boyfriend is pretty weak right now, dear.
Wouldn’t do much good for you to see him just yet.
Can’t hurt to wait a bit, right? He has been hurt before.
I don’t think he will be recovering any time soon.
”
As she worked, the nurse’s voice softened.
“You’re a good girl, sticking with him through all this and his illness.
”
Miley frowned, confusion etching lines across her forehead.
“What do you mean by illness? His leg healed, didn’t it?”
The nurse hesitated, a flicker of uncertainty in her eyes.
She realized Miley was unaware.
“His previous injury…There’s something wrong, isn’t there?” Seizing on the nurse’s silence, Miley pressed further.
Reluctantly, the nurse met Miley’s gaze.
“He has lost his s@xual function for the time being.
”
Miley’s breath caught in her throat.
The nurse, realizing she might have said too much, quickly picked up her tray.
“You’ve just woken up.
Try to rest a bit more.
If you need anything, just press the call button.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley lay still, her mind reeling from the shock.
The nurse left quietly, closing the door behind her.
Sitting on the bed, Miley’s mind was a whirl of thoughts.
She reflected on recent events with Neville, especially his abrupt breakup proposal when he was injured.
Could his injury be the reason he ended things, not because he didn’t love her anymore?
Driven by a need for answers, Miley hastily removed her IV and set out to find Neville.
After asking a nurse, she located his ward.
Gathering her courage, she was about to enter when the door suddenly opened.
A doctor exited, glanced at her, and departed without a word.
###chapter1262
Miley’s newfound bravery faltered.
She peered through the door’s glass panel.
There lay Neville, unconscious, with Susie holding his hand at his bedside.
It was like waking from a dream.
Miley’s eyes left the scene, her mouth twitching slightly.
She made the difficult decision to walk away.
Neville was engaged to Susie now.
Their own story had ended.
Even if she discovered why he broke up with her, what future could they possibly have?
Dazed, Miley turned to leave but then saw Neville’s parents in the corridor.
Before she could prepare herself, Amya’s angry words struck her.
“You’re a curse.
Haven’t you caused Neville enough trouble? Why are you still here? Do you want to keep hurting my son?”
Hurley’s expression grew stern, his voice harsh.
“I once thought you were sensible.
Clearly, I was mistaken.
Your actions have brought shame to the Pierce family!”
Unfairly chastised and facing Neville’s parents, Miley felt upset but chose not to argue.
She replied evenly, “I just wanted to see Neville and thank him for saving my life.
I apologize for any inconvenience.
”
As she turned to leave, Amya persisted, blocking her path with a piercing gaze.
“You fooled us with your seemingly sensible demeanor.
You’re nothing but opportunistic.
I thought you’d leave after the breakup with Neville.
But here you are, causing a scene on his engagement day.
What kind of upbringing leads someone to act so maliciously?”
Miley intended to exit quietly, but Amya’s harsh words escalated.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Unable to bear it any longer, she finally spoke up.
“Neville and I genuinely loved each other.
He left due to some secret pain.
A misunderstandings lie between us, and I won’t abandon our relationship until it’s cleared.
”
Then, unexpectedly, another woman’s voice chimed in from behind.
“You mentioned a misunderstanding with Neville.
I’d like to know what that is.
”
Miley, hearing the voice, turned to see Susie at the door, her smile flawless.
Susie had overheard the commotion and recognized Amya’s voice.
She stepped out just in time to catch Miley’s words.
Amya’s demeanor changed noticeably upon seeing Susie.
Brushing past Miley, she approached Susie with concern.
“Susie, have you been here all night? Do you need a break?”
Susie replied calmly, “I’m fine.
I want to talk to Neville once he’s awake.
”
Her eyes flicked towards Miley, but Miley’s expression remained unchanged.
Sensing an opportunity to mend the engagement, Amya quickly turned her focus back to Miley, her voice harsh.
###chapter1263
You bring misfortune.
”
Before Amya could continue, Susie interjected, “Hold on, Miley.
I’d like a word with you.
”
Amya, visibly anxious about Miley interfering, tried to reassure Susie.
“There’s no need to talk to her.
She’s clinging to Neville.
But don’t worry, you’re the one he loves.
You’re the woman he’ll marry.
”
However, Susie insisted, “I’d like a word with her.
”
Realizing she couldn’t sway Susie, Amya stepped back, eyeing Miley warningly, signaling her to tread carefully.
Susie approached Miley, her smile intact.
“Miley, you haven’t yet answered my question.
What’s this misunderstanding with Neville?”
Miley faced Susie with an indifferent gaze, her voice steady.
“Neville broke up with me due to some personal issue.
Whatever else there is, it’s between him and me.
I have no obligation to explain it to you.
With that, she turned to leave.
“Wait,” Susie called after her.
Miley paused but didn’t turn back.
Susie continued, “I want you to know that Neville and I got together only after your breakup.
Regardless of your past misunderstanding, pursuing him now resembles the actions of a home-wrecker.
”
Her words, though framed as a question, implied an accusation.
Miley spun around, facing Susie squarely.
“You’re mistaken.
I deserve to kn
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
ow the truth about our breakup.
”
In the hospital’s main hall, Flossie adjusted her mask and sunglasses before approaching the front desk.
“Excuse me, could you tell me where Miley Cullen’s ward is?”
The nurse checked the computer and directed her.
Flossie placed some tonics on the desk.
“Could you please deliver them to her ward?”
The nurse eyed her with a hint of suspicion but nodded.
“Okay, but I need to check it first.
Just a moment.
”
“Thank you,” Flossie said, stepping aside and checking the time, her anxiety evident.
Then, a familiar voice called out from behind, “Flossie, you’re finally back!”
Upon hearing Stella’s voice, Flossie’s back stiffened instantaneously.
She instinctively grasped her bag, intending to discreetly make her exit.
###chapter1264
et, her escape was thwarted as Stella’s firm grip clamped onto her wrist.
“What’s the matter? Why did you run away when you saw me?” Stella frowned in confusion.
Flossie took off her sunglasses and turned to Stella with a hint of embarrassment.
“What an unexpected coincidence! I didn’t anticipate running into you here.
”
Stella’s confusion deepened.
“Coincidence? Where have you been all this time? You haven’t answered my calls or responded to my messages.
”
A flicker of panic danced across Flossie’s countenance.
She collected herself and conjured up an excuse.
“I attended a fashion show.
Didn’t I mention it to you?”
“You’re still not being truthful,” Stella retorted, promptly exposing her falsehood.
“Miley mentioned that you’ve been absent from the company for an extended period.
What have you been up to lately? Why do you looks so exhausted?”
Upon hearing this, Flossie involuntarily touched her face, mustering a smile to defuse Stella’s mounting frustration.
“Well… perhaps I haven’t been getting enough rest.
I’m perfectly fine, really.
”
Stella fixed her gaze upon Flossie and said earnestly, “I’m genuinely concerned about you.
What’s going on? If you consider me your friend, please, just tell me the truth.
”
Flossie’s lips quivered, as if she was on the brink of revealing something, but she halted her words upon second thought.
After a few moments of hesitation, she stammered, “I’ve been tending to a seriously ill distant relative lately.
It’s been quite demanding, and I haven’t had the chance to check my phone.
”
Stella regarded her with a serious expression and asked, “Really?”
Flossie nodded.
“Yes.
”
Releasing her grip on Flossie’s hand, Stella probed further, “How serious is his condition? Which hospital is he in now? Would you consider transferring him to a hospital here in Seamarsh?”
“No need,” Flossie responded firmly, though she realized she had responded rather hastily.
Swiftly, she added, “Don’t trouble yourself.
I really must be going now.
We can discuss this another time.
”
“Are you leaving so soon?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Yes,” Flossie affirmed.
“He relies on me for care, and I need to get back to him as soon as possible.
”
Stella thought for a while and said, “Wait a moment.
”
She took out an invitation from her bag, wrote Flossie’s name on it, and handed it over.
“Matthew and I are planning our wedding ceremony.
Please make sure to attend.
”
Accepting the invitation with a smile, Flossie replied, “That’s wonderful news.
I’m truly delighted for you.
”
Returning the smile, Stella remarked, “I’ll send some of this good fortune your way.
I hope you find your true love soon.
”
Flossie held the invitation tightly and murmured, “I already have.
”
“yhat?” Stella asked, not catching her words clearly.
Composing herself, Flossie raised her head and grinned.
“Nothing important.
I’ll take the invitation now.
I must be on my way.
”
###chapter1265
long.
”
Flossie shook her head and replied, “I really can’t stay for an extended period.
I’ve brought some tonics for Miley.
Could you help me deliver them to her?”
Reluctantly, Stella abandoned her idea of accompanying Flossie upstairs and inquired, “When do you plan to return to work?”
As Flossie hurried away, she turned back and reassured, “We’ll meet soon.
”
Observing her hurried departure, Stella sighed and turned to the nurse to collect the tonics before making her way upstairs to find Miley.
The ward’s door was slightly ajar, and as Stella approached, she heard soft sobbing from inside.
She hurriedly pushed the door open and found Miley discreetly wiping away her tears by the bedside.
Placing the tonics on the table, Stella took Miley’s hand and asked, “What’s wrong? Do you feel uncomfortable?”
Miley shook her head, her sadness stemming from recent events.
With teary eyes, she gazed at Stella and confessed, “Stella, I want to leave the hospital and go home.
”
Stella paused, unable to deny Miley’s heartfelt plea when she saw the distress in her eyes.
She nodded, saying, “I’ll consult the doctor first.
If everything checks out, I’ll take you home.
”
In a subdued tone, Miley agreed and settled on the bed, allowing the doctor to examine her.
Her thoughts lingered on the moment when Neville had saved her.
Reflecting on it now, she couldn’t help but feel that those sweet moments had been fleeting, like a mere flash in the pan.
Neville’s ward was eerily quiet.
Hurley and Amya sat on the sofa, their eyes fixed on Neville’s unmoving form.
Susie, perched on the edge of his bed, gazed intently at him.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Time crawled by, but Neville showed no signs of waking up.
Finally, Hurley and Amya, unable to bear the tension, stirred.
“We’ll grab some supplies for Neville,” Amya offered.
“Susie, anything you need?”
“No.
” Susie shook her head, her eyes still locked on Neville.
Hurley and Amya were burdened by the weight of Neville’s actions.
They felt embarrassed and didn’t know how to face Susie.
They slipped out without another word.
Alone with Neville, Susie whispered, “Please wake up, Neville.
”
His eyelids fluttered, as if emerging from a dream.
“Miley…” he murmured, then blinked open his eyes.
The joy that bloomed at his awakening shivered down instantly as he called Miley’s name.
“How are you feeling?” she asked, her voice tight.
###chapter1266
Neville turned his head.
The sight of Susie sent a jolt through him.
He attempted to sit up, but pain ripped through his body, forcing a gasp from his lips.
Susie rushed to his side, pressing him back.
“Don’t move.
Your back injury is serious.
The doctor said you need to rest; don’t strain the wound.
”
Neville nodded, then rasped, “Do you know where Miley is? We both got hurt yesterday.
I need to see her.
”
Susie took a deep breath, her face darkening.
“Neville,” she said, her voice heavy with gravity, “do you remember what day yesterday was?”
Neville fell silent.
“It was our engagement party, Neville,” Susie continued.
“You just left, remember? To save Miley.
”
A long, tortured silence stretched between them.
Finally, in a quiet, strained voice, Neville explained, “I didn’t break my promise willingly.
Miley was kidnapped.
I had to go.
”
“Kidnapped? What a convenient coincidence!” Susie scoffed, a bitter laugh escaping her lips.
Neville’s expression tightened, understanding Susie’s unspoken thoughts.
“Miley isn’t a liar.
Forget it, this is her private matter.
I can’t disclose more.
”
Susie felt a sharp pang in her chest.
Neville still supported Miley.
Susie, in her distress, pressed on.
“So, you Left me alone at the engagement party for another woman? Do you realize how embarrassed I was yesterday? If my father hadn’t been there, today’s news would be that you dumped me.
”
“I’m sorry.
” Neville apologized sincerely.
Susie’s heartache deepened.
She shut her eyes and said, “Neville, you promised
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
to marry me.
My parents were dissatisfied with this marriage, but I insisted, and they relented.
Don’t you owe me an explanation?”
“I’m sorry,” Neville repeated.
Susie abruptly lost her composure.
“I don’t want apologies.
I want to understand your thoughts!” she choked out.
“I’m sorry,” Neville said.
“I can’t marry you.
”
“What? What did you just say?” Susie asked in disbelief.
Without hesitation, Neville met her gaze and declared, “Call off our engagement.
I’ll do whatever I can to compensate you.
”
Susie trembled involuntarily.
She clenched her fists.
“I don’t want your compensation.
I only want your honesty! Are you breaking off the engagement for Miley?”
She pointed out the pivotal conflict between them.
###chapter1267
Neville shook his head.
“No, it’s a personal matter.
I deceived you.
I am impotent and can’t do what normal men can.
”
Susie was stunned, momentarily at a loss for words.
“I’ve thought it through.
I won’t, and can’t, hurt you anymore.
Let’s call off the engagement,” Neville admitted.
Susie gazed at Neville, her eyes reflecting despair and sadness.
After a moment, she wiped away her tears, grabbed her bag, and walked away, slamming the door shut.
Stella requested the doctor to reevaluate Miley’s condition.
With the doctor’s consent, she packed up Miley’s belongings and left the hospital with Miley.
As they stood waiting for the elevator, Neville suddenly emerged, halting Miley in her tracks.
After Susie left, Neville had ventured to Miley’s ward, only to find it impeccably clean and unoccupied.
He had initially intended to head to Miley’s home in search of her, but encountered her at the elevator.
Miley gazed at him in silence, a wave of relief washing over her upon confirming his well-being.
‘s BunnyBookery
She refrained from speaking and simply regarded Neville wordlessly.
There were countless words he yearned to share with her, yet in her presence, he found himself grappling for a starting point.
After several seconds of contemplation, he asked, “Miley, can you give us a chance to talk things straight?”
Miley pursed her lips and replied, “I will give you a chance, but under the condition that you resolve your own matters with the Blakely family.
”
“Miley…” Neville began to utter her name, but the elevator reached their floor just in time.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Holding Stella’s hand, Miley entered the elevator without another glance in his direction.
The doors sealed shut, and Miley remained expressionless, her gaze fixed on the descending elevator floor indicator.
Stella lowered her head, observing their clasped hands.
She could feel that Miley’s hand was trembling slightly.
Meanwhile, at Pinster Hospital, Flossie entered Benny’s ward and addressed the caregiver, “You may leave now.
I appreciate your assistance today.
”
During Benny’s coma, whenever Flossie needed to attend to matters outside, she would enlist the help of a caregiver to look after Benny.
The caregiver nodded and rose from her seat.
She picked up her handbag and complimented Flossie.
“Miss, you are truly a devoted partner.
You’ve been by your husband’s side throughout.
I believe he will wake up soon.
”
Flossie brushed off the snow on her coat and smiled, offering no verbal response.
She hung her coat on a hook and settled beside Benny’s bed.
There were still no signs of Benny awakening, but his complexion had a slightly healthier flush compared to before.
###chapter1268
As was her routine, Flossie engaged in conversation with him.
“Today, I went to visit my dear friend, Miley.
She had an accident due to a misjudgment in her choice of boyfriend and ended up in the hospital.
Thankfully, she’s recovering well now.
I was planning to hand over the nurse some tonics and have them delivered to Miley, but I bumped into another friend of mine…”
She paused, a sudden thought crossing her mind.
She reached for the handbag beside her and retrieved the invitation card that Stella had given her.
With a warm smile directed at Benny, she said, “I have some good news to share with you, Benny.
Stella is getting married!”
Flossie unfolded the invitation and began reading aloud.
“Stella and Matthew cordially invite you to their wedding.
We eagerly await your presence…”
‘s BunnyBookery
After she finished reading, she turned her gaze to Benny, but there was still no reaction from him.
Flossie let out a sigh.
Every time she held hope, it seemed to be met with disappointment, over and over again.
She had thought she had grown accustomed to speaking to herself and adapting to Benny’s silence, but a hint of disappointment lingered.
With a slight sigh, she closed the invitation and fixed her eyes on Benny.
“Please wake up soon.
I want to attend Stella’s wedding with you and introduce you to everyone.
”
To her astonishment, as soon as she uttered those words, Benny’s eyes suddenly flickered open.
Flossie experienced a brief moment of surprise, swiftly followed by disappointment.
Benny had, on previous occasions, fluttered his eyes open.
The initial time it happened, Flossie’s heart brimmed with joy.
However, her elation quickly evaporated when the doctor reassured her that it was merely a physiological reflex.
With the passage of time, she grew accustomed to this pattern, responding with momentary astonishment before returning to her usual routine of nonchalance.
Flossie had become somewhat indifferent to Benny’s condition.
She stowed away the invitation and continued, “Stella has found an excellent match named Matthew.
You might have seen him before.
He’s Seamarsh’s wealthiest and most influential individual, not to mention exceedingly handsome.
”
As Flossie spoke, a bashful smile played on her lips.
“Honestly, I’ve always been fond of you because you bear a striking resemblance to him.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She intended to continue but noticed Benny blinking several times in quick succession.
Stunned for a moment, she finally snapped back to reality and rushed out to summon the doctor.
When the doctor arrived, Benny moved his hand.
Flossie dared not blink, fixating her gaze upon him in fear of succumbing to an illusion.
Following the examination, the doctor turned to Flossie and declared, “Congratulations.
Your patience has been rewarded.
The patient needs a few more days of rest, after which he’ll gradually regain his mobility.
”
Flossie was taken aback by this news.
She tightly clasped Benny’s hand, tears streaming down her face.
“You’ve finally awakened.
I thought I’d have to wait indefinitely.
”
After a while, Benny gently squeezed her hand in response.
Flossie beamed with excitement, leaning down to plant a gentle ki*s on his forehead.
Outside the window, the snowfall intensified, as if heralding something significant.
Stella accompanied Miley home, standing at the doorstep, her desire to enter and linger thwarted by Miley’s insistence.
###chapter1269
Gazing at Stella, Miley managed a faint smile.
“You should head back now.
Lately, you and Matthew haven’t had many moments alone, thanks to me, right? It’s better for you to return and be with him.
I can take care of myself.
”
Stella felt a wave of concern but held her words back upon reflection.
Noticing Stella’s concern, Miley reassured her, “I’m wide awake now, Stella.
I won’t put myself in any risky situations.
”
Stella breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing Miley’s promise.
“Well then, make sure to get some good rest when you’re back home.
Don’t hesitate to call me if you feel uncomfortable,” she said, her concern evident in her voice.
Miley nodded and waved goodbye to Stella.
The snowfall had intensified, making the road quite slippery.
When Stella arrived back at Prosper Bay, she saw Matthew hastily emerging from the house.
Upon spotting her, Matthew turned and approached her.
He reached out to adjust her hat.
“It started snowing heavily, and I was just on my way to pick you up.
Why did you walk back? Weren’t you going to the hospital?”
Nestling into his embrace, Stella explained, “I dropped Miley off and decided to walk back.
Let’s go inside.
The snow is getting heavier.
”
As she began to lead him to the house, Matthew suddenly bent down and lifted her off her feet.
Startled, Stella protested, “What are you doing? I can walk by myself.
”
“The road is slippery.
” With that, Matthew carried Stella inside.
He gently placed her in a chair at the dining table, where a delightful aroma of food filled the room.
Stella’s hunger pangs had her eager to start eating.
She wiped her hands and prepared to dig in.
Matthew served her some food and informed her, “Bella has returned to Dorburn.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella set her fork down, her disappointment evident.
“She went back so soon? I haven’t had a chance to meet her yet.
I hope I’ll get the opportunity to meet the renowned design expert in the future.
”
Matthew’s eyes darkened slightly as he reached over to ruffle Stella’s hair, offering comfort.
“Don’t worry too much.
You’ll cross paths with her sooner or later.
”
Stella nodded, though her confidence was somewhat lacking.
“I’m planning to host a conference for my new clothing collection before the wedding.
I’d love to invite Bella to attend.
”
Naturally, Matthew supported Stella’s plan.
“Of course.
”
Despite his words of support, he couldn’t shake the feeling that Elizabeth might pose a potential threat.
After several encounters, he had a sense that she wasn’t as simple as she Looked.
Now, she and Stella were part of the same filming crew.
Stella interrupted Matthew’s thoughts with a gentle push on his arm.
“Hurry up, think about work tomorrow,” she urged.
Matthew couldn’t help but smile, nodding in agreement with her.
###chapter1270
Later that night, in the soft glow of moonlight streaming through the window, Matthew carried Stella into their bedroom.
The room, bathed in a serene darkness, seemed to hold a secret charm.
He gently pressed her against the wall, his hands resting on either side of her.
Leaning close, his warm breath brushed against her face, causing her to shy away slightly.
His voice, low and intimate, broke the silence.
“Finally, just us.
”
Stella knew she had been preoccupied with Miley’s affairs, inadvertently neglecting him.
She offered a tender smile, wrapping her arms around his neck, and initiated a ki*s, standing on tiptoe.
As Stella’s eyelashes fluttered closed, Matthew felt a surge of emotion, like a gentle bubble bursting in his heart, igniting his desire.
He tenderly held her face, pressing his lips against her cheek.
“Open your eyes and look at me,” he whispered.
Obediently, Stella opened her eyes.
Matthew’s embrace tightened as he ki*sed her deeply, his hand gently cradling her neck.
Despite the countless times they had shared this intimacy, Stella still blushed with a bashful innocence.
She closed her eyes, surrendering to the rhythm Matthew set, her Legs growing weak.
Their bodies melded together in a close embrace.
Matthew whispered huskily in her ear, “Tonight, everything I have is yours.
”
Stella’s cheeks flushed with heat, her eyes brimming with a soft redness.
Outside, the heavy snowfall contrasted starkly with the fiery passion that filled the room.
Stella officially became a part of the team that next day.
She was also deeply immersed in her own design project, a wedding series fashion show.
Her plan was to gain more popularity through the success of the series, and then shift her focus to high-fashi
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
on.
Stella’s concentration on her work was unwavering, only breaking when a noise caught her attention.
It was Elizabeth, making an entrance like a true superstar, with sunglasses and a retinue of staff in tow.
Knowing it was working hours, Stella quickly tidied her table and stepped out of the film set.
Upon seeing Stella, Elizabeth turned and inquired, “Could I have Stella design clothes for me?”
Stella’s involvement in Luther’s latest movie turned it into a smash hit.
Elizabeth, with a movie soon to make headlines, saw this collaboration as a chance to boost her fame and subtly undermine Stella.
Luther turned to Stella for her input.
Stella, surprised, looked at Elizabeth and then said to Luther, “The decision is yours.
I’ve completed the designs for the initial scenes.
###chapter1271
If you need my work, it’ll have to be for the later parts.
”
“It’s fine,” Elizabeth responded, her smile masking a hint of sarcasm.
“As long as you find the time.
”
With everyone in agreement, Luther announced, “Let’s get ready to shoot then.
”
The crew immediately busied themselves with their tasks.
The script revolved around a ballet dancer’s dream-chasing journey.
The opening scene required the heroine to dance in the snow.
Coincidentally, it was snowing heavily, eliminating the need for artificial snow but bringing the challenge of the cold.
Eyeing the thin costume, Elizabeth frowned, clearly reluctant to endure the cold.
After a moment’s thought, she said to Luther, “I’m not feeling well today.
Could we use a stand-in for this scene?”
Luther’s displeasure was evident.
“A stand-in can be used for wide shots, but you must be present for the close-ups.
This is the first episode.
I expect full commitment.
”
He was clearly warning her, but Elizabeth was adamant about avoiding the cold.
“I’m on my period today.
I’m genuinely uncomfortable.
”
As Luther’s expression grew stern, Elizabeth, seizing an opportunity, pointed at Stella.
“What about having Stella stand in for me?”
No one in the room had anticipated Elizabeth’s surprising request.
It caught them all off guard.
The shock was palpable, as they were all too aware that Stella was a designer, far from an actress or body double.
It left them pondering what was going on inside Elizabeth’s mind.
Elizabeth maintained a serene smile as she continued, “Stella’s facial features and physique bear a resemblance to mine.
Enlisting her help just this once shouldn’t pose an issue.
After all, we’re part of the same crew, sharing both triumphs and tribulations.
It’s only fitting that we collaborate to prevent any disruptions in our progress.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She was confident that Luther wouldn’t dare to challenge her, standing her ground firmly.
Furthermore, she emphasized her health concerns, adding, “I’m truly not feeling well.
Falling ill at this point would undoubtedly hinder the upcoming shoots.
”
It appeared that she was taking the bigger picture into account.
Luther furrowed his brow and gazed up at the heavily falling snowflakes.
Elizabeth’s concerns seemed valid, but the question remained.
What about Stella?
He turned to Stella, an awkwardness lingering in the air, and sought her opinion.
“Stella, what are your thoughts on this?”
Stella maintained her silence, setting aside her work as she approached Elizabeth.
“Are you absolutely certain you want me to stand in for you?”
###chapter1272
Her demeanor was serious, her tone exuding unwavering authority.
Elizabeth was taken aback by Stella’s expression, momentarily rendering her speechless.
After a prolonged silence, she regained her composure and raised her crimson lips, feigning discomfort as she touched her belly.
“Yes, I’m truly experiencing discomfort in my stomach.
As a woman, you should understand, right?”
Stella cast a sidelong glance at her but remained silent.
Flashing a smile, she turned her attention to Luther.
“I’m in agreement with this arrangement.
I can take on her role for this portion.
”
Upon hearing her words, Elizabeth couldn’t help but feel a sense of satisfaction.
She had expected Stella to refuse, yet Stella’s easy agreement left her convinced that dealing with her was easier than she had imagined.
Although inwardly content with the situation, Elizabeth maintained a composed facade and feigned gratitude towards Stella.
“Thank you, Stella.
”
Stella offered no response.
Despite their agreement, Luther couldn’t help but harbor some concerns.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Stella, have you ever studied ballet?” he asked.
When he selected Elizabeth as the lead, it was primarily due to her dancing skills.
Understanding his apprehension, Stella nodded and assured him, “I’ve had some basic training in ballet.
Please rest assured.
I’ll do my utmost to deliver.
”
During her time studying abroad, she had taken up dancing in her spare time.
However, upon returning home and immersing herself in her demanding work, she had never had the chance to showcase her dance skills.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Consequently, no one was aware of her dancing background.
Luther found some relief in her response.
“Very well, then.
Go and prepare, and we’ll start.
”
Stella followed the crew to change into her attire.
As she was about to enter the dressing room, Luka intercepted her.
“Make sure to wear some extra insulation to keep warm.
We wouldn’t want you catching a cold.
”
This seemingly unusual display of concern from Luka left him feeling somewhat awkward.
After his brief advice, he touched his nose and turned his face away.
“Thank you,” Stella replied in a hushed tone.
“I won’t subject myself to unnecessary discomfort.
”
A few minutes later, Stella donned a ballet dress and stood in the midst of the falling snowflakes.
When Luther observed her overall appearance through the monitor, a wave of relief washed over him, and a sense of satisfaction gleamed in his eyes.
###chapter1273
He nodded and bellowed through the loudspeaker, “Action!”
Giselle Molina, the leading lady in this theatrical tale, was a ballet dancer of humble means, her attire a delicate, ethereal dress befitting her role.
Amidst the snow-covered landscape, Stella stood, the frigid air biting at her skin.
In her mind, she transformed into Giselle.
She gracefully rose onto her tiptoes, wearing a serene smile.
Arms raised, she moved with purpose, lifting and spinning, then halting.
Each action was a flawless and fantastical display like a belle dream.
In the quiet surroundings, she continued to dance in the snow, as if a silent ballet played in her mind.
Every movement, an ode to the art.
She resembled a seasoned dancer, the music of ballet echoing in her every step.
Finally with a light jump, she landed, with the white ballet skirt twirling with her motion.
It had been ages since she danced, and while a tad rusty, a gentle smile adorned her face throughout.
The biting cold seemed powerless against her.
“Cut!” Luther’s satisfied shout echoed.
Others, lost in the enchantment of her perfect dance, snapped back to reality, breaking into applause at the director’s call.
Stella, lacking sophisticated acting experience, managed to surprise everyone.
Elizabeth, however, ground her teeth, disappointed that Stella hadn’t faltered.
She reluctantly joined the applause, a malevolence flashing in her eyes.
Exiting the snowy scene, Stella basked in the praise.
She hurriedly moved towards her down jacket.
Just then, a thick overcoat was dr@ped over her.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Bewildered, she turned to find Matthew standing beside her.
“What are you doing here?” she asked.
Matthew’s face betrayed no emotion, yet his displeasure was evident.
He tightened the coat around her and said, “I heard you were dancing in the snow.
I was concerned.
”
Undeterred by his displeasure, Stella remained composed.
She only smiled faintly.
“No need to worry.
I’m fine.
”
Then, she paused and raised her voice.
“I must express my gratitude to Elizabeth for granting me this acting opportunity.
It’s truly an honor, and I relish every moment.
”
Just a stone’s throw away from Elizabeth, she was surely, deliberately, elevating her voice.
Elizabeth, pale-faced, maintained her forced smile, adding a touch of cunning to her appearance.
###chapter1274
Luther, spotting Matthew, exchanged greetings and directed Stella to change and take a break.
He handed her a cup of hot coffee while leading her to the lounge.
Only then did he notice her reddened, cold hands.
His expression darkening, he covered Stella’s hands with his own, rubbing gently.
“Why didn’t you refuse Elizabeth? Clearly, she had ill intentions.
”
Sipping the hot coffee, Stella felt warmth returning to her body in an instant.
Still cradling the cup, she explained to Matthew, “Today marks our debut on the film crew.
To stay vigilant against Elizabeth, I need to confront her head-on.
This is the perfect opportunity to silence her.
”
While Matthew comprehended Stella’s strategy, he harbored reservations about her chosen method.
After all, she was trapped in the frosty clutches of the snow.
In a deep voice, he asserted, “Her punishment should be more severe.
”
Stella lifted her head slightly and inquired, “And what would you do?”
Matthew glanced at her, firmly enclosing her hand in his.
“I’ll handle everything.
”
Following the first day of shooting Luther’s movie, snippets from the set flooded online.
However, the anticipated lead actress was notably absent, replaced by Stella.
Word spread that Elizabeth had refused to work in inclement weather, prompting Stella to step in.
As the news spread, it quickly became a trending topic, sparking fervent discussions.
“Oh my God! Stella’s talents are limitless! From working in Prosperity Group’s PR department to becoming a designer, now she’s acing shooting and dancing.
Is there anything she can’t do?”
“I used to doubt Stella’s worthiness of Matthew.
Now it’s clear they are a perf
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
ect match.
Matthew is fortunate to have her.
”
“Elizabeth can’t act at all.
She’s been putting on airs since her first day on set.
”
Meanwhile, at Elizabeth’s villa, she erupted in anger as she read the scathing comments.
She even hurled her coffee cup at the computer.
The screen went black instantly.
Fuming, she continued her tantrum, grabbing whatever she could and smashing it to the floor while bellowing, “Stella!”
Her assistant, Elin Dixon, trembled but attempted to console her.
“Elizabeth, calm down.
”
As she spoke, she stooped to clean up the mess.
Her agent, Galen Hilton, smoked languidly nearby.
He was growing impatient with the whole situation himself.
###chapter1275
Despite his attempts to manage the issue through public relations, all efforts failed.
He was now certain Elizabeth’s clash with Matthew was the root cause.
After snuffing out his cigarette, he stared at Elizabeth.
“Don’t let your pride ruin you.
Apologize to Stella.
If she remains silent, Matthew will let it slide.
”
“I won’t apologize to Stella!” Elizabeth retorted defiantly, her fists clenched.
She’d never apologized to anyone throughout her life; it was always the others who apologized to her.
Galen sighed.
He was well aware of her pride and he acknowledged her stubbornness.
“If you won’t apologize, steer clear of Stella during the film shoot.
Let the online storm settle naturally.
People will forget in due time.
”
Yet, Elizabeth paid little heed.
Fists still clenched and teeth gritted, she declared, “This is just the beginning.
I’ll find ample opportunities to make Stella pay.
She won’t get away with this!”
A few days later, Neville recovered and was discharged from the hospital.
He tried calling Miley, but her phone was always out of reach.
But that wouldn’t budge him; he was determined to speak to her.
He hailed a taxi and gave the driver Miley’s address.
The scenery blurred past the window as Neville mentally rehearsed their conversation, even picturing their reunion.
Soon, the taxi pulled up at Miley’s house.
Taking a deep breath, Neville tried to steady his nerves before ringing the bell.
But no one answered the door.
Frowning, he checked his watch.
He was sure Miley shouldn’t be at work yet.
Refusing to give up, he pressed the bell again and again, met only by silence.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Unease prickled at him.
Pushing the door, he found it unlocked.
Panic surged as he remembered Roy.
He rushed inside, but the doorknob wouldn’t budge.
Circling to the back, he peered through the kitchen window.
He spotted a figure lying motionless on the floor.
Shock jolted him.
He scanned the garden, then grabbed a stool, smashed the window, and clambered through.
A pungent gas odor assaulted him as soon as he set his foot in.
Miley lay on the cold floor, her face pale.
Covering his nose, Neville scooped her up and ran outside.
He found a clear space, laid Miley down on his jacket, and dialed 911.
“Miley!” he called, his voice hoarse.
But she didn’t respond.
###chapter1276
Lowering his head, he began administering CPR, his mind racing.
“Miley, please, wake up! I was wrong.
Come back to me.
”
His pleas echoed in the still air as Miley lay unmoving, her hands chillingly cold.
Neville refused to give up despite the fear gripping his heart.
He continued applying CPR.
Then, a cough escaped her mouth, and her eyelids fluttered.
Relief flooded Neville.
He scooped her close and held her tightly.
He murmured, “Thank God you’re awake.
You scared me half to death.
Thank God!”
Dizzy from the gas, Miley clung to him in silence, seemingly unaware.
Neville then heard sirens as an ambulance pulled up.
He explained the situation to the medical staff, his voice shaky throughout.
Seeing Miley conscious, the paramedics assessed her.
“It’s mild gas poisoning.
She’ll be fine, but you need to check your gas lines.
”
Neville nodded, a wave of relief washing over him.
After the paramedics left, he held Miley close in the fading light, watching her come back to herself.
With a touch to his arm, she awkwardly pulled away, looking out at the darkening sky.
“Thanks for saving me.
”
His voice low, Neville asked, “Why do this to yourself, Miley?”
By that point, she had already regained her composure.
Her cool eyes met his.
“I was hungry.
I wanted to cook.
I didn’t notice the leak.
”
“Take care, Miley,” Neville rasped.
“You can’t rely on luck forever.
”
He finished speaking, and silence settled between them.
After a long time, Neville cleared his throat.
“Remember that chance you promised me? Can we talk now?”
Miley nodded wordlessly.
Taking a deep breath, Neville clenched his fists.
He poured out the story of his illness.
“I saw that illnes
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
s coming and felt unworthy of you.
Breaking up seemed right.
But I’ve regretted it every day since.
Miley, please give me another chance.
Let’s begin again.
”
Tears welled in Miley’s eyes.
“Begin again?” she choked out, turning to face him.
“Do you think regret means a redo? Is it really that simple? Am I that simple?”
Neville opened his mouth to speak, but Miley cut him off.
“Just because you have an illness, you chose to throw me away? Was that your only ‘right’ choice?”
Miley’s questions left Neville speechless.
He avoided her gaze, unsure how to respond.
“Is our love so fragile in your eyes?” Miley pressed, her voice trembling.
“You just threw it away without even consulting me.
Do I mean so little to you?”
###chapter1277
Neville’s gaze lowered.
“No, Miley,” he mumbled, his voice thick with regret.
“I was reckless before.
I’m truly sorry for hurting you.
I know I messed up.
”
Despite his apology, a heavy sadness settled over Miley.
A simple apology couldn’t erase the chasm between them.
She rose slowly, her voice softer now.
“We both need time to think.
It’s best if you go now.
”
Neville studied her for a moment, his jaw clenched.
“Miley, believe me or not, I’ve learned my lesson.
I won’t give up on us.
Get some rest.
I’ll see you again soon.
”
He was reluctant, but he had no other choice.
He turned and left, his steps heavy with unspoken words.
Miley watched him go, tears blurring her vision.
She wiped them away, but they kept flowing.
In Pinster Hospital, Flossie pushed Benny’s wheelchair, the warm sunlight basking their figures.
His recovery had been remarkable; within days, he could sit and even walk short distances.
The doctor marveled at his resilience.
After waking up and discovering Flossie had saved him, Benny thanked her and insisted she leave.
But she wouldn’t budge, claiming he needed someone to care for him.
Now, Flossie stopped the wheelchair beside a bench and settled in.
Their silences were customary.
Flossie accepted them, but she hoped for a change someday.
Benny tilted his head back, basking in the winter sun.
His eyes squinted.
After a long pause, his eyes met hers.
“You love me, don’t you?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Flossie’s breath hitched.
The unexpected question left her frozen for a moment.
Then, a whisper escaped her lips.
“Very much.
”
Her cheeks flushed as the words sank in.
Benny, in turn, fell silent, deep in thought.
He knew little about Flossie, yet her unwavering presence had moved him.
But…
After a long pause, he spoke slowly.
“I’m alone, with no one to lean on.
You’ve given me a sliver of warmth.
Thank you.
”
His words, though hesitant, held a flicker of gratitude that warmed Flossie’s heart.
It was progress; he was less icy, at least.
She smiled faintly.
“When you recover, you can come to Seamarsh with me.
”
###chapter1278
Benny’s fists clenched slightly, hidden beneath the blanket.
His face remained flat, but within him, he promised.
Yes, when he regained his strength, Seamarsh would be his destination.
Following the snow scene incident, Matthew personally drove Stella to the film set.
As they arrived, Stella was about to exit the car when Matthew caught her wrist.
He looked to the set, his voice laced with concern.
“Take care of yourself.
Say no when you need to.
You’re my wife; you don’t need to bend for anyone.
”
Stella almost laughed, seeing the worry etched on his face.
She found his concern a bit over the top.
If not for an important meeting at Prosperity Group today, she could easily picture Matthew spending the entire day on set.
She reassured him, “I’m on set.
The director looks out for me.
After yesterday’s incident, Elizabeth will probably keep a low profile.
Any further antics would be bad for her image.
”
Elizabeth’s top search result had been removed that morning.
Stella could imagine Elizabeth’s distress over the online backlash.
Sensible behavior was the best course of action for Elizabeth now.
“I won’t be there.
Keep an eye on Elizabeth,” Matthew reminded her, still uneasy.
“I understand,” Stella said.
“But if you keep holding me here, I’ll be late.
Then people will talk about me being arrogant.
”
She smiled, gently ki*sed the corner of Matthew’s mouth, and stepped out of the car.
Matthew waited until she entered the set before driving off.
A short distance away, something occurred to him.
He put on his Bluetooth headset and called Fernando.
“Did you send everything out?”
Fernando confirmed, “Yes, it’s all been dispatched.
Bella will soon see the news about Stella on the set, along with all her past designs.
”
“Alright,” Matthew responded softly.
“That’s good to hear.
”
Upon reaching the set, Stella first headed to the restroom.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
While washing her hands, she heard the click of high heels behind her.
Looking up, she saw Elizabeth’s reflection in the mirror.
Elizabeth stood by the door, her arms crossed, exuding arrogance and disdain.
It was clear she had come specifically for Stella.
Stella turned off the faucet, dried her hands, and faced Elizabeth.
“What do you want?” she asked calmly.
Elizabeth had given up on being amiable with Stella.
She knew any pretense of weakness or pleas for sympathy would be futile against Stella.
She cut to the chase.
“How much would it take for you to leave Matthew?”
Stella found the question absurd.
“On what grounds do you ask me to leave my husband? Are you his mother or grandmother?”
###chapter1279
Elizabeth’s expression grew icy.
“Don’t reject a generous offer only to suffer later.
I’ll ask one last time.
How much to leave Matthew?”
Stella scoffed.
“What’s your price?”
Seeing a flicker of hope, Elizabeth regained her smug demeanor.
She held up a finger.
“Ten million.
”
Stella burst into laughter, tears streaming from her eyes.
“Do you even realize Matthew’s status? Offering such a trivial sum for me to leave him? Are you underestimating me or Matthew? Is he only worth ten million to you?”
Elizabeth, speechless and infuriated, watched as Stella’s laughter ceased and her tone turned serious.
“How about I give you ten million to stay away from Matthew and me?”
Stella asked.
Elizabeth’s face visibly darkened.
Taking a deep breath, she hissed, “How dare you insult me? Don’t you know who I am? I’m Elizabeth Wallace, and no one has ever dared cross me like that!”
Stella’s smile widened, a hint of mockery dancing in her eyes.
“If you keep causing trouble and harassing me, I’ll ensure your days are filled with nothing but insults.
”
Elizabeth’s anger reached a boiling point.
Fists clenched, she trembled violently.
Taking a lunging step, she aimed a slap at Stella’s face.
But Stella, prepared for the outburst, effortlessly sidestepped the attack.
The momentum sent Elizabeth stumbling forward.
Gripping the washbasin, she spun around, a ferocious glare aimed at Stella.
Standing upright, she raised her hand again, determined to succeed.
Stella, though able to avoid another slap, felt a tinge of anger at Elizabeth’s persistence.
She snapped, “You can continue this disruption on set, but know this:
I have the power to kick you out, stripping you of the lead role entirely.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The threat struck a chord, but Elizabeth refused to back down completely.
With a cold sneer, she met Stella’s gaze.
“So, you’re still aiming to steal my role as the heroine?”
Stella returned the stare, her voice chilling.
“If your performance is subpar, and your presence undermines the crew, someone more suited will replace you in no time.
”
Elizabeth, surprisingly, fell silent.
Her expression seemed almost calm.
Two deliberate steps brought her closer to Stella.
Just as Stella thought she’d leave, two sharp sounds echoed in the small bathroom.
Elizabeth had slapped herself, twice, with brutal force.
Each blow left its mark on her delicate face.
Before Stella could react, Elizabeth’s actions had left her bewildered and speechless.
“What in the world are you doing?” Stella asked.
###chapter1280
Elizabeth, ignoring Stella’s question, turned away and covered her face, erupting in loud sobs.
Stella frowned, but it clicked soon enough why Elizabeth did what she did.
The sound of Elizabeth’s choked cries drew the staff from the set.
They gathered around the two, confused.
Seeing approaching faces, Elizabeth wailed even harder, yet remained silent.
One staff member, unable to bear the spectacle anymore, took the initiative.
Stepping forward, she offered Elizabeth a tissue and asked gently, “What happened?”
Elizabeth clutched the tissue and lifted her tear-streaked face.
A collective gasp rippled through the crowd as they saw the telltale red marks.
Her voice was thick with sobs.
“I came to the bathroom and, and there was Stella.
She slapped me, twice! And she even…”
Elizabeth choked, the accusation too painful to voice.
Taking a shaky breath, she added, “She wants to take my role as the heroine.
”
Whispers erupted among the staff, their gazes shifting dubiously towards Stella.
“Stella wouldn’t do that,” one muttered.
“Could it be that she developed such ambitions because she acted out a small part of Elizabeth’s role yesterday?”
“I guess so.
I remember she mentioned to the media that she wanted to be an actress.
”
“Cats hide their claws.
She can be so two-faced.
”
Catching snippets of the conversations, Elizabeth smiled slightly.
But with practiced ease, she resumed her sobs.
“I thought Stella did a good job yesterday, so I congratulated her.
I never expected she’d assault me.
”
“Are you done?” Without missing a beat, Stella’s sharp retort cut through the tense atmosphere.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stepping forward, her eyes narrowed.
“Elizabeth, you have to show evidence when you make such accusations.
Don’t sling mud at me.
”
As the crew debated, Luther burst onto the scene, drawn by the commotion.
His eyes scanned the crowd, Landing on Stella first, then settling on Elizabeth’s tear-stained face.
His angry voice boomed.
“Why aren’t you all on set preparing? What’s happening here?”
Elizabeth’s sobs softened to a low tremor, tears still clinging to her cheeks.
The nearby staff filled in Luther on the situation, ending with, “Stella hit her.
”
Luther’s face darkened.
His patience seemed to wear thin.
He turned to Stella, his voice firm.
“You hit her? Apologize now.
###chapter1281
Every minute wasted stalls the entire shoot.
”
The tension crackled in the air.
Everyone knew Luther was furious.
After all, Stella wasn’t just a stylist in the filming crew; she was also Matthew’s wife.
The crew knew they had to tread carefully out of respect for Matthew.
But Luther had asked Stella to apologize.
Stella, however, was unfazed.
She spread her palms, her voice flat.
“I didn’t do anything.
Why should I apologize?”
Elizabeth’s sobs resumed.
“I don’t need anything.
Just an apology from Stella.
Then I can forgive her and we can start filming.
”
Stella narrowed her eyes, recognizing the calculated play.
Yesterday’s incident had been squarely in her favor, and Elizabeth should be the one apologizing.
Yet, here she was, painting herself the victim.
Stella’s resolve hardened.
There was no way she’d play along, let alone admit to something she hadn’t done.
“Elizabeth slapped herself,” she said, her tone firm.
“If that’s stopping her from acting, I’m happy to step in for today.
But I won’t apologize for something I didn’t do.
”
She stepped closer, examining the red marks on Elizabeth’s cheeks with a knowing click of her tongue.
“You’re being awfully hard on yourself.
I’ve seen the script, you have a demanding day ahead.
Is setting me up really worth this?”
Hidden from view by Stella, Elizabeth’s face contorted into a mask of barely contained fury.
Her eyes, if anyone could see them, were daggers aimed at Stella’s back.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella remained calm, even offering a slight smile.
“And those marks on your face are quite noticeable.
Maybe the makeup artist can work some magic.
”
Elizabeth fumed, teeth clenched, but forced down her anger.
“Just apologize, Stella.
That’s all I need.
”
“I won’t apologize.
I didn’t touch you,” Stella reiterated, each word firm.
The standoff simmered until a sudden ringtone pierced the tension from the bathroom.
It rang briefly, then silence.
But the brief sound confirmed one thing: there was a witness.
Someone who could break the deadlock.
Elizabeth’s eyes flickered in a moment of panic before she composed herself.
She called out, her voice surprisingly calm, “Who’s there? Who’s in the bathroom?”
Silence pressed down, everyone’s gaze fixed on the closed door.
The door clicked and creaked, and then Elin emerged, head bowed, shuffling out slowly.
Relief washed over Elizabeth at the sight of Elin.
###chapter1282
Stella, on the other hand, couldn’t shake a sense of unease.
Seizing the moment, Elizabeth began, “Elin, please tell Luther what you overheard.
Your testimony will prove my innocence.
”
Her voice dropped to a near whisper, but Elin felt the implicit threat.
Looking up at Elizabeth, she sensed a veiled warning in her smile.
Luther only cared about one thing: to end this farce.
“Just tell us, Elin.
What did you hear?”
Elin flinched, meeting Stella’s gaze with a flicker of guilt.
“I was in the bathroom.
I didn’t see anything.
”
Elizabeth frowned, her eyes betraying her dissatisfaction.
“But what did you hear? Luther and I will support you.
Don’t worry about offending anyone.
”
The veiled threat hung heavy in the air.
Elin glanced at Elizabeth.
She was caught between appeasing Elizabeth and risking her job.
Steeling herself, she mumbled, “I heard Stella offer Elizabeth money to quit and then I heard a slap.
”
Her voice was barely above a whisper as she hung her head.
Shock rippled through the room.
The crowd’s eyes shifted to Stella with suspicion.
Luther’s face tightened.
“Stella, care to elaborate?”
Expecting Elin’s biased report, Stella remained composed.
“Is that the only thing I said throughout the entire encounter?”
Flustered by Stella’s calm confidence, Elin shook her head subconsciously.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella pressed, “Can you recall anything else we discussed? Word for
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
word?”
Under Stella’s unwavering gaze, Elin stammered, “I…I can’t say.
”
Luther intervened, too impatient to watch any longer.
“Enough.
Don’t let this delay things.
We’ll address it after the filming is done!”
As Luther’s directive was issued, the set sprang into action, everyone focusing on their tasks.
Elizabeth, aware of Luther’s firm character, knew she must wait to deal with Stella, despite her eagerness.
Luther barked orders at the makeup artist.
“Cover all the red marks on Elizabeth’s face.
We have a scene with her and Luka today.
”
After a brief glance at Elizabeth, he departed, hands clasped behind his back.
Meanwhile, Luka encountered Stella alone in the bathroom.
Having heard about the incident from the staff, he approached her with a look of concern.
“Are you okay?”
Stella, lips pressed together, nodded without speaking.
###chapter1283
“Do you need my help?” Luka inquired gently.
Stella looked up, her voice barely above a whisper.
“You should focus on your work.
I’ll handle this myself.
”
Luka hesitated, wanting to offer more assistance, but his assistant hurried him to the set.
He left Stella with an offer of help if she needed it.
Elizabeth, now ready after hair and makeup, shot a warning glance at Elin before starting her act.
Elin, intimidated, kept her head down, avoiding Elizabeth’s gaze.
“Make me a cup of coffee,” Elizabeth commanded.
“Okay,” Elin murmured, retreating with her gaze lowered.
Stella, on her way to the set, paused when she saw Elin.
After a brief hesitation, she decided to follow her.
In the coffee room, as Elin focused on preparing the coffee, she jumped at a sudden call.
Recognizing Stella’s voice, she tensed.
Stella’s question was soft but direct.
“Why did you lie earlier?”
Elin didn’t face her, her voice low and laced with helplessness.
“I had no choice.
I need this job.
Please, don’t put me in a difficult position.
”
Caught between Stella and Elizabeth, Elin faced a dilemma.
Ultimately, she made a choice that seemed safest for her own interests.
Grasping the coffee cup, she turned, offering a slight nod to Stella before exiting the room.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella’s gaze lingered on Elin’s retreating figure.
Back on the set, Elizabeth was in the midst of a close-up scene, portraying Giselle’s first encounter with Arthur.
However, as the camera zoomed in, Luther, dissatisfied, abruptly called out, “Cut!
What is this? Her red marks are still visible.
How can we proceed with the shoot?” His frustration was evident.
The makeup artist, flustered, responded, “We’ve done all we can, but the marks won’t conceal.
Maybe Elizabeth should rest until they fade a bit?”
Luther, visibly annoyed, had no choice but to agree.
Elizabeth, disgruntled, settled into a lounge chair.
Elin approached with the coffee, about to address Elizabeth.
Suddenly, Elizabeth’s hand brushed the cup, spilling the coffee over herself.
She screamed and leapt up, instantly enraged.
Pointing accusingly at Elin, she bellowed, “What are you doing?”
Witnessing Elizabeth’s fury, Elin froze, her head bowed.
She stumbled over her words.
“I’m so sorry, Elizabeth.
It was an accident.
Please, forgive me…”
She set down the coffee cup and reached for a wet tissue to clean the coffee stains on Elizabeth’s clothing.
Elizabeth, irate, shoved her away.
“You’re fired.
Leave now.
”
Elin’s eyes widened in shock as she begged, “Please, Elizabeth, I didn’t mean it.
Punish me if you must, but don’t fire me.
I swear, it won’t happen again.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Elizabeth’s response was cold and dismissive.
“Leave.
Say one more word, and I’ll ensure you never work in this industry again.
”
Disheartened, Elin knew too well Elizabeth’s volatile temperament.
Gripping the wet tissue, she silently turned and departed.
Glaring at the stains on her dress, Elizabeth muttered, “Idiot!”
Having observed the incident, Luther made his own assessment.
He announced a half-hour break for the crew and summoned Stella to his lounge.
Witnessing these events, Elizabeth felt a surge of satisfaction.
With Luther and Bella’s longstanding friendship in mind, she was convinced Luther would take her side.
In her view, it was time for Luther to reprimand Stella.
###chapter1284
Stella assumed Luther was going to address the incident in the bathroom, so as soon as she stepped into the lounge, she rushed to clarify, “Luther, I swear I’ve never hurt Elizabeth or longed for the leading lady spot.
This movie is my chance to shine in the international fashion scene.
I’d never do something so foolish…”
Luther interrupted her with a raised hand.
Stella was puzzled, and his smile only added to her confusion.
“I’m not interested in digging into what just happened,” Luther said, still smiling.
Stella’s confusion grew.
“So, what do you need from me?
Luther invited her to sit and cautiously proposed, “How about taking a role in a movie?”
“As an actress?” Stella blurted out, totally taken aback.
“Exactly, as the movie’s leading lady,” Luther confirmed.
Stella was even more surprised and declined.
“I’m really sorry, but I can’t accept.
I’ve never acted before, and I certainly haven’t studied acting.
I couldn’t possibly tarnish your reputation.
”
Luther simply smiled at her, clearly not deterred by her refusal.
Stella felt the need to press the issue.
“Also, you’ve already announced the movie, and Elizabeth is supposed to be the lead.
”
Hearing Elizabeth’s name seemed to wipe the smile off Luther’s face.
Stella thought she might be seeing things, but Luther’s next words confirmed he was serious.
“I’ve thought this through.
Elizabeth may excel in acting, but she doesn’t have the innocence your character needs.
”
Stella was puzzled by his reasoning and chose to stay quiet.
Luther went on, “The character, Giselle, is supposed to be gentle and kind.
Despite Elizabeth’s efforts, her performance still reveals a bit of her natural pride and severity.
”
Luther’s observation was keen, leaving Stella unsure of what to think, so she remai
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
ned silent.
With a smile, Luther continued, “You know, Elizabeth comes from a wealthy family, so it’s natural she gives off that vibe.
However, for the movie, I’m aiming for perfection, which is why I want you on board.
”
He squinted slightly and lowered his voice.
“Also, I think Elizabeth can be quite a handful.
She’s stirred up quite a bit on set.
Without keeping her in check, I don’t know what she’ll do next.
”
Then, turning his gaze back to Stella, he continued, “That’s why I’ve decided to have two lead actresses.
You’ll play Giselle in her early days, and Elizabeth will take over as Giselle gains fame.
It shouldn’t cause any issues.
What do you think?”
Stella, never having acted before, felt out of her depth.
What weighed on her more was her ongoing tension with Elizabeth.
Accepting the role would likely escalate their feud.
She didn’t want any drama.
She just aimed to do her job.
###chapter1285
Yet, Luther’s hopeful look made her pause.
Instead of an outright no, she replied, “I need some time to think about it.
”
After a brief pause, he sighed and said, “I understand your concerns.
”
Just then, a knock interrupted them.
Luther called out, “Come in.
” The assistant entered, followed by Elin, who had tears in her eyes.
Stella’s surprise was palpable as she stole a glance at Luther, taken aback by Elin’s unexpected presence.
“Now that my assistant is no longer here, you can be completely honest,” Luther urged Elin, his voice tinged with seriousness.
Elin hesitated, her gaze shifting nervously between Stella and Luther.
Eventually, she summoned the courage to divulge what she had overheard in the bathroom.
With her head slightly lowered, she confessed in a hushed tone, “Working with Elizabeth has been a challenge, but my mother is in the hospital.
I desperately need this job, and I couldn’t risk offending her.
That’s why I hesitated to tell the truth earlier.
”
Elin had hoped that assisting Elizabeth would secure her position, but to her dismay, Elizabeth had remained cold, and she was fired over a minor mistake.
With nowhere else to turn and fearing she might upset Stella, Elin had contemplated leaving the filming site.
It was only when Luther’s assistant found her, offering a lifeline, that she mustered the courage to reveal the truth.
Stella’s expression remained inscrutable, her comprehension of the situation apparent.
Luther gestured for Elin to depart, assuring her, “I’ll have my assistant find you a better job.
”
“Thank you, Sir,” Elin responded gratefully before making her exit.
As the door closed behind Elin, Luther turned to Stella, his concern etched across his face.
“If Elizabeth continues to exert her dominance over the crew, completing the movie will become an arduous task.
”
Luther let out a sigh, his frustration evident.
“I’ve tolerated her because of my connection with her mother.
Now that the truth is out, you should have no reservations.
Would you consider taking on the lead role?”
Stella took a few moments to contemplate, lowering her gaze before respondi
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
ng, “I can give it a try.
”
Luther broke into applause, a warm smile on his face.
“That’s fantastic.
Let’s head out and prepare for the shoot.
”
“Now?” Stella was dumbfounded, expecting some time for preparation after agreeing.
She had assumed Luther would grant her a moment to get ready, but the shooting was set to commence immediately upon her consent.
Doubt began to creep into Stella’s mind, and she couldn’t help but question Luther, “Don’t I need some time to practice my acting skills first?”
Luther offered her a reassuring pat on the shoulder and replied, “The best practice is the one you do on the spot.
Don’t worry.
I’ll guide you, and you just need to learn to adapt.
”
Still feeling uncomfortable, Stella nodded reluctantly.
Luther proceeded to escort Stella outside, where he swiftly summoned the entire crew.
###chapter1286
While the crew gathered, Elizabeth positioned herself at the front row.
She couldn’t help but notice the contented expression on Luther’s face, sparking her curiosity about the discussion that had transpired in the lounge.
With a radiant and confident smile, Luther made a significant proclamation, saying, “Beginning today, Stella will take on the role of young Giselle, while Elizabeth will portray the older Giselle.
Our movie will embrace a dual-heroine dynamic.
”
Luther’s announcement left the entire crew in stunned silence.
They exchanged uncertain glances but chose to withhold any ions they might have had.
However, Elizabeth’s response was far from subtle; she reacted dramatically and challenged the decision.
“Why? I don’t agree with this!”
Luther fixed her with a stern gaze and issued a stern warning.
“You had better accept this decision, or I can arrange for your return to Dorburn.
”
Elizabeth hesitated, her desire to argue further evident, but the intensity in Luther’s eyes effectively silenced her.
Averting his gaze from Elizabeth, Luther issued a commanding order.
“Let’s start shooting.
Stella will be taking on the scenes depicting Giselle and Arthur’s first encounter.
The makeup artist will prepare Stella first.
”
The realization that Luther was deadly serious began to sink in among the crew.
They exchanged sympathetic glances with Elizabeth before dutifully dispersing to resume their assigned tasks.
Elizabeth remained rooted to the spot, grappling with her undeniable reluctance to accept the unfolding circumstances.
‘s BunnyBookery
After Luther, she persisted in seeking an explanation.
“I need to understand why.
Stella isn’t even an actress.
Why is she being assigned the same role as me? Furthermore, in the bathroom just now Stella…”
“Enough!” Luther abruptly interrupted her.
He then cast a discreet glance at the onlookers and continued in a hushed tone, “If you don’t want Elin to divulge the truth, I suggest you stay silent.
”
Elizabeth was rendered speechless by Luther’s accusations.
Her eyes, ablaze with both anxiety and fury, betrayed her attempt to maintain composure.
With a deep inhale, she scoffed dismissively and departed.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Once securely inside the vehicle, Elizabeth couldn’t hold back her rage any longer.
Her fists clenched, teeth gritted, she quivered with indignation.
“Stella!”
Despite her meticulous efforts and personal sacrifices to outmaneuver Stella, Elizabeth hadn’t anticipated Stella’s resilience.
More infuriatingly, Stella had usurped the heroine role meant for Elizabeth.
Hatred filled Elizabeth’s gaze as she contemplated her next move, her hands clenched into fists.
It was time to teach Stella a hard lesson.
She grabbed her phone, browsed through her address book, and found Leo’s number, lost in contemplation.
Her phone’s ringtone interrupted her plotting.
It was her father, Kristian, calling.
A wave of revulsion swept over her as she answered with evident impatience, “What now?”
Kristian’s voice conveyed urgency.
“A courier package arrived from Seamarsh.
What’s our next step?”
###chapter1287
Seamarsh?
Elizabeth’s brow furrowed in curiosity.
“Open it.
Let’s see the contents.
”
A brief silence prevailed, amplifying Elizabeth’s irritation.
Finally, Kristian spoke.
“It contains documents related to Stella and a USB drive.
I don’t know what is in it.
”
The mention of Stella nearly confirmed the sender’s identity in Elizabeth’s mind.
Her expression turned malevolent.
“Destroy it.
Leave no traces.
If you want to secure Bella’s stay in Dorburn, you must do it.
”
“Understood,” Kristian replied before the call ended.
The line went dead, and darkness overtook Elizabeth’s features.
Memories of her loathing for Stella flooded back, intertwined with painful recollections of her past.
Once, her childhood was filled with joy, within a castle-like home, showered with her parents’ affection.
It was only as she grew older that the family’s darker secrets came to Light.
A particularly harrowing night a year prior, a drunken Kristian confessed a truth that shattered her world.
Bella had lost her memories before.
More shockingly, Kristian wasn’t her father, but a fraud.
Panicked and in disbelief, Elizabeth threatened Kristian with a fruit knife, demanding silence and distance.
Kristian sobered up and kept apologizing.
Elizabeth had no desire to see him again, nor did she want to hear anything he had to say.
Everything just felt repulsive to her.
She spent the entire night wide awake.
The following day, she sought out Krist
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
ian and warned him not to spread any nonsense.
She was unwilling to have Bella’s affection divided by another individual, nor did she want the family’s wealth to be shared with someone else.
Thus, she couldn’t let Bella know that she had a biological daughter.
But that revelation had changed Elizabeth.
She became more assertive and egotistical.
She grew increasingly determined to escape the family’s deceitful embrace.
And when Matthew entered her life, she saw him as her ticket to freedom.
This was her best chance!
With every fiber of her being, Elizabeth detested Stella and everything associated with her.
Taking a moment to steady her breath, she gazed out the window, her resolve hardening.
No matter the cost, she was determined to break free from her current predicament.
###chapter1288
Stella returned to the set after having her makeup done.
She looked more like Elizabeth.
However, just as Luther noticed, she was gentler and had more expressive eyes.
Luther looked her over, then nodded in satisfaction.
When it was time, the script supervisor lifted up the clapper, and upon Luther’s signal, the shooting officially began.
Stella, diligently embodying the character of Giselle both in her expression and demeanor, caught Luther’s attention.
Turning to his assistant, Luther said, “Stella is really malleable.
”
This scene being shot was about Giselle’s first encounter, and it didn’t require any skill.
However, it had high requirements for the actor’s gaze and responsiveness.
Stella’s expression changed immediately when she saw Luka, and she seemed to jump out of her role.
Frowning, Luther called for a halt to the shooting.
Stella was aware of what had gone wrong, so she quickly apologized.
“I’m sorry.
”
Luther stepped forward, lips pursed, and began pointing out Stella’s mistake and making corrections to them.
Stella listened carefully, nodding once or twice.
After readjusting, Luther began shooting again.
However, a new issue arose.
“I’m sorry,” Stella said as she lowered her head in guilt.
Luka patted her shoulder comfortingly and said to Luther, “Stella has never acted before, so it’s normal that she’s nervous facing the camera for the first time.
We should give her some time, as pushing her won’t help.
”
Luther saw the sense in Luka’s point.
Continuing the shoot would only lead to more problems.
Seriously, he said to Stella, “Take some time to go through the script.
We’ll continue tomorrow.
“Thank you, Luther,” Stella said, feeling depressed.
She changed back into her clothes and sent Matthew a message saying, “I’m done working.
Can you come pick me up?”
“I’ll be right there.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella then put away her phone.
She didn’t leave the changing room until Matthew called and said he would soon be there.
Luka approached her as she waited for Matthew.
“You don’t seem to be in a good mood.
”
Stella nodded sulkily.
Luka smiled and said, “What were you thinking about during the shooting?”
Stella was surprised at his question.
She had not expected Luka to bring it up.
After a while, she said, “I was thinking about what would happen if I didn’t perform well.
Luther trusts me so much.
I don’t want to let him down.
I’m just a designer.
Although I’ve modeled before, it’s quite different from acting.
I don’t know anything about acting.
”
###chapter1289
She then sighed heavily.
“Don’t think Like that.
You did great for your first time.
There’s not much to being an actor,” Luka said with an encouraging smile.
Stella smiled at him and replied, “You say that because you are good at it.
”
Luka explained patiently, “Every true actor has two souls.
One is their true soul, while the other is that of the character they portray.
The moment the director calls action, you have to let go of your real self and embrace the soul of the character you’re playing.
Do you understand me?”
Stella nodded.
Luka continued, “Although Giselle is innocent and kind, she is ambitious.
Think about it.
”
Stella couldn’t help thinking about herself.
She thought back to when she had been a child.
She had been abandoned in an orphanage, all alone, until Clint adopted her.
Clint had sent her to school.
This helped broaden her horizons, and slowly she developed dreams and ambitions of her own.
Somehow, as she thought about this, she seemed to understand the character, Giselle.
She smiled at Luka and said, “Thank you for your words of advice.
”
“It’s no problem at all.
I do look forward to working with you on set,” Luka said.
The look in his eyes was strangely affectionate.
Stella smiled awkwardly and looked away.
Matthew’s car pulled up at this time.
Stella said goodbye to Luka.
“My husband is here.
See you tomorrow.
”
Luka nodded slightly in greeting to Matthew.
Matthew nodded too, albeit somewhat reluctantly.
Stella got in the car, and they left.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Luka stared at the car as it drove away, a little disappointed.
He knew Stella’s words had been chosen specifically to remind him that she was married and that he should stop thinking about her.
A bitter smile curled Luka’s Lips.
In the car, Stella told Matthew all that had happened and asked for his opinion.
“I shouldn’t have agreed to Luther from the start.
He’ll be laughed at too if I don’t play the role very well.
”
Matthew disagreed.
“Don’t say that.
You need to trust Luther’s judgment.
Besides, Elizabeth won’t be giving you any more trouble now.
”
“I never thought that I would get to be an actress,” Stella said with a smile.
###chapter1290
Matthew took one hand off the steering wheel, took Stella’s hand in his, and said, “You can do it.
”
In Pinster Hospital, Flossie was resting on her usual small bed after dinner.
Benny, who was used to Flossie’s chatty nature, noticed she was oddly quiet as he played with his phone.
When he looked over, he saw Flossie turned away from him, shaking slightly.
“Flossie?” he called out, concerned, but got no reply.
Putting his phone down, Benny walked over to her and saw her face was bright red.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” he asked gently, but Flossie didn’t say anything.
Benny, looking worried, touched her forehead and found it was burning up, a clear sign of a fever.
He quickly pressed the call button for the nurse.
‘s BunnyBookery
The nurse came in fast, thinking Benny needed help, but found him standing by Flossie’s bed.
“What’s the matter?” the nurse asked.
Benny pointed to Flossie, saying, “I think she’s got a fever.
Can you check on her?”
The nurse used a thermometer and found Flossie’s temperature was 38.
6 degrees Celsius.
“She’s definitely feverish.
She needs to sit up and get an IV.
”
Benny was about to explain they weren’t dating when a weak cough cut him off.
Flossie woke up, her eyes slowly opening as she said in a raspy voice, “Don’t worry about me.
Maybe check with the doctor for some medicine.
I don’t need an IV.
I want to stay here with him.
”
Benny was shocked, and the nurse noticed his surprise.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She let out a sigh and said to Benny, “Your girlfriend really looks out for you.
She didn’t leave your side while you were in a coma.
And now, even with a fever, she’s more worried about you than herself.
It’s rare to see such dedication.
”
It was clear the nurse wanted Benny to appreciate Flossie’s devotion.
Benny looked down at Flossie and said softly, “Go get her some medicine.
I’ll take care of her.
”
The nurse nodded with a smile.
“That’s the spirit.
”
That night, Benny kept watch by Flossie’s bed, giving her medicine and ensuring she was comfortable until she fell asleep.
As he started to feel sleepy, Flossie suddenly turned and grabbed his arm.
Benny, trying not to move, stayed quiet, his thoughts becoming more complex.
###chapter1291
His fondness for the Clark family had disappeared after Matthew’s men attacked him.
When he woke up, his only thought was to heal quickly and head back to Seamarsh, promising himself not to spare the Clark family.
Looking down at Flossie, who was still asleep with a feverish glow, Benny found himself noticing her beauty.
But still, there was no love between them.
He looked at Flossie with a heavy heart.
“You came to me.
It’s not my fault if I use you as a tool.
”
This thought made him unexpectedly angry.
Just as he was about to get up, Flossie moaned softly and her eyes fluttered open.
As Flossie opened her eyes, feeling groggy, she instinctively sat up when she saw Benny’s face.
Benny took her hand and said, “You’re still running a fever.
Make sure to rest well tonight.
”
“But I haven’t given you your massage tonight.
The doctor mentioned it’s important to keep up with it,” Flossie quickly added, coughing right after.
Ever since Benny had started recovering, she had picked up massage techniques from the doctor to help speed up his recovery.
Irritated, Benny told her firmly, “Don’t move around when you’re sick.
Don’t give me more to worry about.
”
Flossie stopped, falling silent.
Seeing her hurt look, Benny hesitated, then changed the subject.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Would you like some milk?”
Surprised, Flossie nodded.
Benny got up, got a bottle of milk, and gave it to her.
Flossie paused before taking it, then asked bravely, “Could you feed me?”
After a moment of surprise, Benny placed the milk beside Flossie, saying, “Drink it on your own.
”
He then went back to bed and lay down.
Flossie stared at the milk for a moment, disappointed.
She eventually took a sip, set the bottle down, and looked sadly at Benny’s back.
###chapter1292
Lying there, Flossie wasn’t feeling sleepy.
She just stared at the ceiling, deep in thought.
Suddenly, Benny said, “Let me know if you need anything.
”
It felt almost dreamlike, yet Flossie felt a sense of warmth in her heart.
She replied softly, “Okay.
”
As Stella prepared to leave for the film set the next morning, she was interrupted by a call from the security team.
“Mrs.
Clark, a visitor is here to see you.
Should I allow her entry?”
Stella’s brow furrowed in confusion.
She couldn’t imagine who would visit at this hour.
Glancing at the security monitor, she recognized Besty standing at the doorstep, a gift box cradled in her arms.
Without hesitation, Stella instructed the security guard to admit her guest and hurried outside to greet her.
Moments later, Besty entered, led by the guard.
Stella expressed her gratitude to the guard before ushering Besty inside.
With a hint of anxiety, Stella asked, “What brings you here today?
Is everything alright?”
Ever since Besty endured domestic abuse at Felipe’s hands, Stella made it a point to check in on her friend regularly.
Each time, Besty reassured her everything was fine.
However, Stella’s recent filming commitments had kept her from reaching out, making Besty’s unexpected visit particularly concerning.
“I’m here to deliver an advance wedding gift to you,” Besty explained, her demeanor composed as she placed the gift on the table.
Puzzled, Stella asked, “Why the advance gift? Aren’t you attending my wedding?”
“Felipe and I are planning a trip.
It looks like I won’t make it to your wedding due to scheduling conflicts.
” Besty sighed.
“How have things been with Felipe lately? Has he been…” Stella trailed off, hesitant to voice her concerns about the two words, “hitting you.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Sensing Stella’s unspoken question, Besty offered a perfunctory response.
“We’re doing fine.
”
“That’s good.
” Relieved, Stella was about to offer Besty a drink when she noticed a red mark on her friend’s neck.
It was a fresh mark, indicating that it had been inflicted recently.
Stella’s complexion turned grim.
She stepped closer and unbuttoned her collar, revealing red marks and bruises on her collarbone and even extending down to her chest, a distressing sight.
Besty was taken aback, realizing that her deceit had been exposed.
She hastily pulled her collar up to conceal the marks.
“Is this your definition of ‘fine’?” Stella demanded, her voice laced with fury.
“This bastard never changed.
Come, I’ll help you seek justice.
”
“Stella…” Besty pleaded, gripping her hand tightly.
“No.
”
###chapter1293
“He’s done so many bad things to you.
What’s left to hold on to?”
Stella’s expression turned stern.
“He’s a monster.
You need to divorce him immediately.
What are you thinking, planning a trip with him?”
Besty shook her head and began to explain, “No, there’s a reason behind his actions.
”
“What reason?” Stella asked.
After a long pause and with her head lowered, Besty hesitated before revealing, “Felipe has manic depression.
When things go wrong, he can’t control his emotions.
I’m aware of what’s happening, and I’ve taken him to see a doctor multiple times.
”
Seeing Besty’s hesitation once again, Stella pressed, “What was the diagnosis? Has he shown any improvement?”
Besty shook her head.
Stella’s dissatisfaction grew.
“So, just because he’s ill, you allow him to treat you like this.
”
“No.
We’re actively seeking treatment.
I borrowed money from my parents, even mortgaged our property, and planned a trip.
Maybe during the journey, he’ll relax, and his symptoms will improve,”
Besty explained.
Stella frowned upon hearing this.
She couldn’t understand why Besty was going to such lengths to help Felipe with his illness but refused to consider divorce.
Nevertheless, as a friend, she respected Besty’s choice.
Stella offered some advice.
“You should really think this through.
Felipe doesn’t seem deserving of your efforts.
”
“I’ve thought it through.
Whatever the outcome, I’m mentally prepared.
By the way, Felipe and I want to invite you to a meal in advance to celebrate your upcoming wedding.
” Besty smiled.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Glancing at her watch, Stella declined regretfully.
“I’m afraid I can’t make it today.
I have to work.
How about next time? When you return from your trip, we can have dinner together.
”
Besty agreed.
“Sure, see you next time.
Please go on with your work.
I won’t keep you.
”
“Did you drive here?” Stella suddenly realized she hadn’t seen Besty’s car earlier.
“I’ll drive you home.
”
“Alright.
”
As they reached the door of Besty’s house, she turned to Stella with a serious and uneasy expression.
“Stella, please come in with me.
”
Besty continued to gaze at the door and the unfamiliar pink car parked nearby.
Before leaving her house earlier, she had arranged with Felipe to invite Stella to the restaurant.
###chapter1294
It had been a while since anyone had visited their home, and Besty was familiar with all their friends.
This was the first time she had seen this car which was undoubtedly owned by a woman.
Stella caught Besty’s troubled glance and sensed something was wrong.
As they exited the car and entered the house hand in hand, the silence of the empty living room seemed to echo their unease.
No signs of visitors anywhere.
Besty’s face turned ashen as she ascended the stairs, only to freeze at the sound of a woman’s voice coming from one of the rooms.
She instinctively recoiled, but Stella was quick to steady her.
Then came Felipe’s chilling words.
“Once Besty mortgages the house for a loan, I’ll take that money, along with what we borrowed from her parents.
Then, we can escape this cursed place and start anew elsewhere.
I’m fed up with Besty.
She’s not as gentle as you.
”
“Is that so?” The sweetness in the other woman’s voice was unmistakable.
Disbelief and hurt clouded Besty’s judgment.
Stella led her to confront the truth.
They opened the door to find Felipe and another woman naked in a compromising position on the bed.
The woman quickly wrapped herself in the blanket, but not before Besty recognized her as Sharon Scott, the doctor who had been treating Felipe.
“You… you…” Besty’s rage made her tremble uncontrollably.
Despite Besty’s fury, Stella remained composed and suggested, “Let’s document his betrayal first.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
She threw their clothes away and began to take photos, effectively preventing any escape attempts.
“What are you doing?” Outraged, Felipe attempted to grab her phone.
“If you so much as move, I’m calling the police this instant!”
Stella’s threat halted him in his tracks, even as he glared at her with venom.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Realizing his own vulnerable position, Felipe refrained from taking any further action, but he glared angrily at Stella.
Felipe then turned his ire on his wife.
“Besty, fetch my clothes immediately, or I’ll make sure you regret it!”
Besty, as if suddenly realizing something, cast a timid glance with lowered eyes.
Stella, squeezing Besty’s hand in solidarity, faced Felipe and declared, “Besty will be filing for divorce.
We’ll secure the best lawyer in Seamarsh to take you to court.
Just you wait.
”
After making her statement, Stella grabbed Besty’s hand and departed, leaving behind the echoes of Felipe’s furious outburst.
Besty, with tears clouding her vision, hung her head in sorrow.
As they returned to the car, Stella handed Besty a tissue.
“See, he’s not worth your tears.
He’s not troubled.
He just wanted to exploit you for money.
”
Tears streamed down Besty’s face, the shock of Felipe’’s betrayal hitting her hard.
Marriage to Felipe had never given her a hint of the possibility of such a horrifying incident, and the sudden realization that Felipe had abandoned their wedding vows struck her like a bolt from the blue.
###chapter1295
She couldn’t comprehend why he held such intense animosity towards her.
“Considering everything, I can’t in good conscience advise you to forgive him again.
People rarely change.
You must proceed with the divorce without delay.
You deserve happiness.
” Stella sighed.
Besty’s tears continued to flow, though she remained silent, lost in thought.
Understanding Besty needed time, Stella offered, “The studio I rented is available.
It’s a safe space away from Felipe.
Take all the time you need.
Whatever your decision, I’m here for you.
”
In tears, Besty nodded.
After settling Besty into the studio, Stella hurried off to the set, her mind heavy with the day’s events.
The set was unusually quiet.
‘s BunnyBookery
Luther greeted her and instructed her to proceed with the makeup session.
Noticing Elizabeth’s absence, Stella quickly deduced the reason behind the subdued atmosphere.
In the past, Elizabeth used to arrive with an entourage and issue unreasonable orders.
Relieved at the absence of Elizabeth’s drama, Stella prepared for her scene.
Props, lighting, and photography equipment were all set up, and Luka waited nearby.
“Stella, Luca, are you ready?” Luther asked.
“We’re ready, director,” Stella affirmed.
Luka signaled with an “OK” gesture.
“Okay, actors are ready.
Camera, action!”
The scene portrayed the initial meeting between Giselle and Arthur, in which Arthur rescued Giselle from nearly falling into the river.
Stella stepped back from Luka’s embrace, lowering her head bashfully.
“sir, thank you for saving me.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“It’s my pleasure,” Luka, as Arthur, replied with a smile.
“I’m Arthur.
Is it okay to ask you to be my friend?”
“My name is Giselle.
It’s a pleasure,” Stella responded, her portrayal of Giselle’s innocence spot-on.
“Cut! Excellent!” Luther exclaimed, impressed by Stella’s performance.
He poked his head out from behind the monitor and gave Stella a thumbs up.
“Your acting has notably improved.
Choosing you was no mistake.
”
In the CEO’s office of Prosperity Group, Matthew sat with a satisfied smile as he watched a video clip of Stella’s acting sent by Fernando.
His wife’s versatility never ceased to amaze him.
The video ended, and Matthew turned his attention back to the computer.
He dialed Fernando’s number.
“Any word on the package we gave Bella?”
###chapter1296
“Wie received the delivery confirmation, but no response yet.
”
Matthew’s brow furrowed.
He remained silent for a moment, his mood turning somber.
“Keep a close eye on things.
Report any updates immediately.
”
Hanging up, he crossed his hands over his forehead.
The phone buzzed again.
It was Neville.
“Mr.
Clark,” a nervous, yet respectful voice greeted him.
“We’re at Blue Moon Bar.
Mr.
Pierce has gotten quite intoxicated and caused a scene.
We had to call you.
What should we do?”
The faint sounds of shattering glass and hushed pleas filtered through the phone.
Matthew sighed, his voice laced with annoyance.
“I’m on my way,” he said, picking up his coat and heading out.
Blue Moon Bar was a blur of activity as he entered.
Neville lay sprawled across the counter, staff members flanking him cautiously.
Their faces brightened at the sight of Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark!”
Matthew nodded, approaching Neville.
The pungent smell of alcohol filled his nostrils.
How much had he consumed?
“Neville,” Matthew said sternly, his face grim.
“It’s barely afternoon.
What’s gotten into you? Wake up.
”
Neville remained unresponsive.
Matthew’s scowl deepened.
An employee attentively stepped forward.
“Mr.
Pierce has been here for three days.
He drinks as soon as he wakes, then sleeps it off on the couch.
”
Matthew frowned, his voice low and firm.
“Get him to a private room.
”
He then turned around and left.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Two staff members assisted the inebriated Neville into the room.
Matthew closed the door behind them.
He snatched the water bottle on the table, twisted off the cap, and splashed the water onto Neville’s face.
The action was swift and unforgiving.
Neville flinched, eyelids fluttering open.
Before his vision cleared, a sharp question cut through the haze.
“What are you doing?” Matthew’s voice was grim.
“Ending the engagement, breaking up with Miley—those were your choices.
You’re an adult, own your decisions.
Don’t wallow in self-pity.
”
Neville slumped back on the sofa, a humorless chuckle escaping his lips.
“I’m just a loser.
What’s the point of cheering me up?”
Matthew’s frown deepened, Neville’s cryptic words confusing him.
###chapter1297
“So, you think breaking up makes you worthless? Neville, what’s happened to you?”
Neville met his gaze briefly, then offered his phone without a word.
Matthew hesitated, but Neville pushed it closer.
Puzzled, Matthew took the phone.
The screen displayed a hospital diagnosis report, Neville’s name stark at the top.
As Matthew read the final diagnosis, his expression changed.
He looked up at Neville, a beat of silence hanging heavy in the air.
“The accident caused this?” he finally asked, his voice low.
Neville nodded.
“This is me now.
How could I make Miley happy Like this? Breaking up felt right.
But that night on the mountain, I thought I was dying, and the regret hit me hard.
Dying like that wasn’t what I wanted.
”
He cradled his head in his hands, his voice thick with pain.
“ALL I want after waking up is to be with Miley again.
Even if she rejects me, I want to protect her.
But she won’t give me a chance.
”
Matthew sank onto the sofa beside Neville, squinting in thought.
After a tense silence, he asked, “Do you truly want to reconcile?”
“With every fiber of my being,” Neville confessed.
“I can’t imagine loving anyone else.
I know I was a jerk, but being with her made me want to be better.
”
He turned to Matthew, his voice strained with pleading.
“Matthew, I rarely ask favors.
Can you help me win Miley back this time?”
Matthew’s gaze remained cold.
“My influence won’t solve this, Neville.
Drowning your sorrows here won’t either.
It’ll destroy your health and any chance of reuniting with Miley.
”
Neville slumped in defeat, silent.
“Stand up,” Matthew commanded.
“I’ll help you get healthy.
As for Miley, that’s your problem.
You have to win her over yourself.
”
After a long moment, Neville seemed to snap out of it.
He wiped his face, stood up, and finally met Matthew’s gaze with a glimmer of determination.
“You’re right.
This pathetic state won’t get me anywhere.
If I want Miley back, I need to show her I’m serious.
”
Matthew snorted.
“Spare me the theatrics.
Go change.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He arranged for Neville’s transport.
Once alone, Matthew fired off an email to Benjamin Kennedy, a medical PhD he knew.
“Rumors say your hospital’s endocrinology team is well-established.
I have a friend facing some challenges.
Could we meet to discuss in detail?”
Elizabeth lounged on the sofa, fuming at the thought of Stella stealing her heroine role.
Witnessing her distress, Galen looked at her with frustration and helplessness.
“Elin has joined Starlight Entertainment.
I’ll find you another assistant.
Stop being unreasonable.
”
###chapter1298
Elizabeth’s eyes snapped open, flashing with malice.
Galen snapped, “I’ve warned you not to mess around.
Why did you still mess with Stella? You gave her that role!”
Elizabeth clenched her jaw, hatred simmering beneath the surface.
“This is Seamarsh, not Dorburn.
Your fan base here is thin.
You need this movie to break into the market.
One misstep, one scandal, and it’s all over,” Galen reminded her, hoping to jolt her back to reality.
“
Elizabeth scowled.
“I know.
” But deep down, she only yearned for Stella’s downfall.
Before Galen could add another word, the doorbell rang.
He furrowed his brow.
“Who could be visiting at this hour?”
Elizabeth sat up and asked the servant to answer the door.
Leo’s tall figure filled the doorway as he followed the servant into the Living room.
He froze, momentarily stunned by Elizabeth’s uncanny resemblance to Stella.
“Who’s this?” Galen cast a wary glance at the stranger, seeking an explanation from Elizabeth.
Elizabeth, however, had no intention of involving him or disclosing her plans.
She knew Galen would disapprove of her methods.
Her voice turned icy.
“This is a personal matter.
Please leave.
I don’t have any work today.
”
Galen pursed his lips, wanting to argue, but Elizabeth cut him off.
“Galen, I know what I’m doing.
Stick to your work,” Elizabeth warned, a thinly veiled threat to stay in his lane.
Though annoyed, Galen realized his concerns were falling on deaf ears.
There was no point in pushing further.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With a silent sigh, he left them alone.
As soon as he was gone, Elizabeth gestured for Leo to sit.
A calculated smile curved her lips.
“Let me reintroduce myself, Leo.
I’m Elizabeth Wallace.
”
Wallace?
Leo was confused.
“What’s your connection to Stella?”
He had thought that this woman must have something to do with Stella since the two women looked so much alike.
Elizabeth’s smile slightly faltered.
“We’re enemies,” she replied, her voice flat.
Leo, taken aback, composed himself and asked, “And what can I do for you?”
###chapter1299
Eyebrows raised, Elizabeth didn’t divulge her true intentions.
Instead, she posed a question.
“Do you hate Stella? Or perhaps do you want her back?”
Leo’s gaze sharpened.
“What are you suggesting?” he asked cautiously.
Elizabeth remained elusive.
“I may have a way to get you back with Stella.
”
Leo squinted, studying her intently.
Despite his confusion, he was sure of her purpose: Stella’s destruction.
But now, Stella was Matthew’s wife, and Leo had witnessed his power firsthand.
He wouldn’t enter an unprepared battle.
“Why help me?” he asked, his voice guarded Elizabeth’s reply was casual, her fingers idly playing with her nails.
“I have my agenda.
This isn’t altruism.
We share a goal.
”
Collaboration offers more perspectives, wouldn’t you agree? You wouldn’t prefer to stay stagnant in Seamarsh, would you?”
Leo paused, his lips pressed in a thoughtful line.
This woman had clearly investigated him.
She wasn’t someone to trifle with, especially considering Matthew’s involvement.
A newfound determination flickered in his eyes.
He bowed his head slightly.
“I’m at your service, Miss Wallace.
”
Miley had just finished work, and it was nine in the evening.
‘s BunnyBookery
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She gathered her things and headed for her car.
No sooner had she stepped out of the show than a group of men encircled her.
Her hand tightened around her handbag, a desperate thought of escape flashing in her mind.
But the leader, quick to notice, moved closer.
Panic surged through Miley as a hand pressed against her shoulder, and two men ushered her into a nearby alley.
“What are you doing?” she demanded, struggling against their grip to no avail.
The men formed a tight circle around her, blocking any chance of escape.
The leader, with a sinister grin, rested his hand on her side.
“Hi, beauty.
”
Miley turned away, pushing his hand aside.
“Who are you?” she asked, her voice laced with fear.
“Let’s hang out together.
Then we’ll get acquainted,” the man teased, his cohorts erupting in laughter.
Disgust welled up in Miley, but she knew she was outmatched.
###chapter1300
She tried to ignore them, reaching for her phone to call the police.
But before she could dial, the phone was snatched from her grasp.
The leader sneered, tossing the phone to the ground and crushing it underfoot.
It shattered into pieces.
“What the hell are you doing?” Miley shouted, anger flaring.
“What? Didn’t I just invite you to hang out with us? I’ve heard you’re quite the charmer.
”
A cold realization dawned on Miley.
She had assumed these men were mere robbers, but their words suggested a more sinister motive.
Her thoughts immediately turned to Susie.
Recently, she had only crossed paths with Susie, the only person she had any conflict with.
On the day Susie and Neville were to be engaged, Neville didn’t show up.
Instead, he went to rescue Miley.
This led to the end of his engagement to Susie.
For Susie, a well-known heiress, this was more than a mere embarrassment.
Unable to move past the humiliation, she sought revenge.
As the men closed in on Miley, she realized the gravity of her situation.
If she didn’t escape tonight, the consequences would be dire.
She couldn’t just wait for her fate to unfold.
In a panic, Miley cried out for help, but her plea was cut short.
“Stop crying!” one of the men barked, covering her mouth.
“Do you really think anyone can hear you?”
Miley shook her head, tears streaming down her face.
Just when all hope seemed lost, the roar of a heavy motorcycle echoed in the alley.
Its dark frame shone with a cold metallic sheen, and its bright lights pierced the darkness.
The men were momentarily blinded by the light.
Before they could react, the motorcycle barreled towards them, showing no signs of stopping.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Startled, they released Miley and stepped back.
The motorcycle skidded to a halt in front of Miley.
“Get on, hurry up!” the rider shouted from behind his helmet.
His voice was muffled, and Miley, overwhelmed by the situation, couldn’t recognize him.
But she had no other option, so she quickly climbed on.
The moment she was seated, the rider revved the engine and sped out of the alley.
Miley, still in shock, glanced back, relieved to see the men fading into the distance.
She had escaped their clutches.
Just as she was about to thank her rescuer, he accelerated again, and the motorcycle surged forward.
###chapter1301
Miley leaned back, instinctively wrapping her arms around the rider’s waist, pressing close against his back.
Unaware of their proximity, or the rider’s rigid posture, she shouted, “Slow down, please.
”
The motorcycle slow down a bit.
Meanwhile, Neville was a little distracted.
He could feel the warmth of Miley’s body against his back.
He was grateful for the helmet that hid his blushing face.
Neville drove in silence for a while.
Miley didn’t speak either, sensing a familiar scent in the air.
Eventually, the motorcycle came to a stop at a beach.
When Neville removed his helmet, Miley’s suspicions were confirmed.
Without saying much, she thanked him and turned to leave.
“It’s remote here.
You won’t find a taxi at this hour,” Neville called out from behind her.
Miley stopped, a hint of annoyance in her step.
She turned to face him.
“Then what am I supposed to do?”
Neville looked at her and suggested, “Stay with me for a bit.
I’ll drive you back later.
”
With no other options, Miley agreed.
They sat down on the beach, the winter sea breeze chilling to the bone.
Miley shivered and rubbed her arms.
In the next moment, Neville dr@ped his coat over her.
Miley glanced at the coat and accepted it, knowing better than to risk her health.
She got straight to the point.
“What do you want to say?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She didn’t believe Neville brought her to this secluded beach just to enjoy the night sea.
Neville turned to face her, a serious look in his eyes.
“I want to get you back.
”
Miley’s heart fluttered uneasily.
As the sea breeze tossed her hair, she gazed at Neville, whose hair was similarly disheveled.
Despite his outward calm, she could discern a mix of tension and hope on his face.
Lowering her gaze, Miley’s voice was a soft murmur.
“I’ve already made it clear, Neville.
I can’t love you anymore.
It’s exhausting.
”
She inhaled deeply, her breath whisking away in the gusty sea wind.
“Even if we tried again, the sense of security wouldn’t be there.
###chapter1302
I’d constantly fear you’d leave me over trivial matters.
”
With a smile that didn’t quite reach her eyes, Miley probed, “Have you resolved things with Susie?”
Neville remained silent, his lips pressed tightly together—-a response in itself.
Miley let out a short, sardonic laugh.
“If you’re still entangled with her, yet here declaring your affection for me, isn’t that duplicitous? Am I just your fallback option?”
Confronted with her blunt questions, Neville seemed frozen, words failing him.
As Miley stood to leave, Neville reached out, pulling her back.
She glanced at him, then looked away.
“I know I’ve hurt you and made mistakes.
Truthfully, after starting our relationship, I was prepared to spend my life with you.
But when I discovered my illness, fear took over.
I was terrified and unsure of how to face you.
I couldn’t bear to tell you, nor did I want you burdened with such knowledge.
Miley, I am committed to changing, so you can see and believe in that change,” Neville stated with resolve.
“Neville, you really don’t understand me,” Miley responded, her voice soft as she gazed at the expansive black sea.
“It’s not about your s@xual ability that concerns me.
What matters is whether our core values align.
If they do, I’m willing to go to great lengths for you.
But if not, I won’t hesitate to leave.
”
Neville pondered for a few moments before looking up at her.
“I understand.
Our relationship began hastily and ended just as quickly.
But I’m dedicated to changing, to show you a different side of me, in hopes you’ll accept me once more.
”
Miley observed Neville’s earnest efforts to convey his determination, his face a mix of calm and agitation.
She bit her lip and chose to remain silent.
They sat together in silence for some time, the quietness unbroken.
Stealing glances at Miley’s profile, Neville felt a nostalgic pull to the times when their relationship flourished.
Eventually, Miley said softly, “It’s getting late.
We should head back.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Neville turned to her, seeking closure.
“You haven’t given me your answer.
”
Miley averted her gaze, murmuring, “My answer is contingent on your actions.
”
The journey back was less tense for Neville, a weight seemingly lifted off his shoulders.
After ensuring Miley was safely home, Neville returned to his own place.
There, he found a message from Matthew awaiting him.
“I’ve reached out to an expert abroad, Benjamin Kennedy.
He’s responded to the email.
There’s still hope.
You should visit his clinic later.
”
Reading this, Neville exhaled deeply, comforted by the renewed sense of hope.
After responding to Neville’s email, Matthew set his phone down, leaned back in his chair, closed his eyes, and massaged his forehead.
He had been overwhelmed lately and felt exhausted.
###chapter1303
The study door opened quietly.
Matthew scrunched his eyebrows but relaxed upon recognizing the footsteps as Stella’s, and thus, kept his eyes shut.
Stella’s soft hands began to massage his head as she inquired, “Are you done with work? Try to get some rest early tonight.
You’ve been going without a break for quite a while.
”
“I’m okay,” Matthew replied, cherishing the moment.
Eventually, he opened his eyes and smiled at Stella.
“Check the computer.
I’ve got a surprise for you.
”
Puzzled, Stella powered on the computer and was taken aback by what she saw.
She turned around and questioned, “Is this our wedding setup?
Did you come up with this on your own?”
Matthew nodded and leaned in a bit.
“I thought it would be more special this way.
”
Stella quickly responded, “Let’s design it together then.
It’s our wedding, after all.
It’ll mean more if we both work on it.
”
Matthew grinned, pulling Stella onto his Lap.
He grabbed the mouse and began to go over the design plans with her in his embrace.
“I’ll sketch whenever I get a chance.
I want our wedding day to feel sacred and full of meaning.
”
Stella smiled, turned her head to look at Matthew attentively.
She gently touched his eyebrows and said, “I just don’t want you to be so worn out.
Marriage isn’t just your responsibility.
”
She ki*sed Matthew on the cheek and directed, “Now, go get some rest and cease worrying about everything.
You can resume work once you’ve had a good sleep.
”
Matthew smiled and was about to respond when his phone interrupted him with its ring.
He checked the caller ID, his brow furrowed, and he took the call.
Stella tried to get up, not wanting to intrude on his work, but he motioned for her to stay.
Reluctantly, she remained in his embrace, overhearing the conversation.
“Mr.
Clark, the North city project is into its second phase, but we’ve encountered some problems.
”
“What happened?” Matthew inquired, his tone sharp.
“Some locals are claiming the project is intruding upon their land and is causing disruptions to halt our progress.
How do we proceed?”
Matthew’s face took on a grave expression.
Stella, getting the key message of the call, wisely chose that moment to stand up, and this time, Matthew didn’t hold her back.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s lips pressed together.
“Didn’t we establish this agreement before the project commenced? You’re supposed to talk to the villagers first.
I’ll figure something out.
”
After ending the call, Matthew didn’t immediately put his phone away.
He coldly gazed at the call log that showed the conversation had lasted just over ten seconds.
Stella sensed the gravity of the situation and voiced her concern.
“Is it tough to handle?”
This snapped Matthew out of his thoughts.
He set his phone down and took a deep breath.
Offering Stella a reassuring smile, he said, “I’ve got it under control.
Why don’t you head to bed? I’ll follow as soon as I’m done here.
”
###chapter1304
Stella was concerned for his well-being but understood the urgency of resolving the issue at hand.
She agreed, “Make sure to get some rest after you’re done.
And steer clear of coffee.
”
“Will do.
” Matthew offered a smile and watched her leave.
As the study door closed, his smile vanished.
He pulled out the project plans, his eyes landing on a map of a grassland.
Could it be the villagers were unhappy with the offer and now wanted to renegotiate the price?
Matthew’s brow furrowed in thought.
After a moment, he made another call.
“I need you to look into something for me.
I’m heading to North city.
”
Stella returned to the room, wanting to wait for Matthew, but exhaustion tugged at her eyelids.
She drifted off, unsure how much time had passed before a warm embrace startled her awake.
Turning, she found Matthew’s Lips on hers in a gentle ki*s.
“Finished your work?” she mumbled sleepily.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew stroked her hair, planting a ki*s on her cheek.
“I have to head to the North city tomorrow.
Things got a bit complicated, and it might take a few days.
My flight’s at seven in the morning, too early to wake you.
”
Stella’s eyes fluttered open, meeting his gaze.
Nestled in his arms, she murmured, “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.
Take care of yourself and come back soon.
”
The next morning, she awoke to an empty bed and a familiar breakfast spread on the table.
A sense of warmth bloomed in her chest.
Sitting down, she finished her meal, then glanced at the clock before sending Matthew a message.
“At the airport yet?”
Minutes ticked by, but no reply arrived.
Assuming he was busy with paperwork, she dismissed the silence.
Back in her room, she packed, the
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
n headed to the film set.
Stella always arrived early and usually found herself alone.
Today, however, she saw Rose, the makeup artist for Elizabeth.
Given the strained dynamic between her and Elizabeth, Stella rarely interacted with her staff.
Despite their strained relationship, Stella couldn’t ignore Rose’s presence.
Offering a curt nod, she greeted the makeup artist.
“Good morning.
Early start?”
Logically, with Elizabeth absent from the next two days’ filming, Rose’s presence seemed unnecessary.
Rose, her fists clenching briefly, offered a strained smile.
“There are no scenes for Elizabeth, so the director asked me to do your makeup.
”
“When was this decided? Why didn’t I hear from the director?” Stella inquired, her voice laced with confusion.
A flicker of something unreadable crossed Rose’s eyes before she lowered her head, her voice tinged with unease.
“I got a late notice last night.
The director, perhaps, wanted to avoid bothering you.
”
###chapter1305
Stella dropped the subject, finding the explanation plausible.
With a sigh of relief, Rose followed Stella to the dressing room, ushering her to a seat.
Unfolding her makeup kit and setting up the mirror, Rose began her work.
With exceptional skill, Rose tailored the makeup to the character, creating a look distinct from Elizabeth’s.
Stella silently acknowledged her talent, understanding Luther’s decision.
As they neared the final step, Rose paused, her gaze thoughtful.
“Lip makeup is next.
How about you drink water beforehand? Redoing it will be a hassle if the water smudges it.
”
Nearly two hours had passed, and Stella, reminded by Rose, realized she was indeed thirsty.
“I’ll grab some water.
” Stella stood up.
“Hold on, I’ll grab it for you,” Rose interjected, hurrying to stop Stella.
“We are halfway through your hairstyle, you wouldn’t want to mess it up.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella remained silent.
Rose approached the refrigerator, her eyes lingering on the array of mineral water bottles.
After a brief pause, she selected one and offered it to Stella.
“Thanks,” Stella mumbled, taking a few sips before placing it back on the table.
“Let’s continue with the makeup.
”
Rose quickly nodded, her eyes flashing with guilt before she picked up the lip pencil.
Following the makeup session, Stella felt an unsettling unease in her body.
She shook her head, but a sense of dizziness crept in.
Rose had strategically positioned herself off to the side.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s eyes settled on the water bottle perched on the dressing table.
Since breakfast, she had only sipped water from that bottle.
Grasping Rose’s hand tightly, she demanded, “What have you done to the water?”
Rose pulled her hand away and exited the dressing room without a word.
Stella’s vision began to blur.
Ignorant of what substance Rose might have added to the water, her primary concern shifted to seeking help.
Trying to stand, she felt her body betray her with weakness.
Despite her efforts, standing proved to be an insurmountable task for Stella.
Struggling for air, she sank back into the chair.
From her backpack, she retrieved her phone and dialed Matthew.
But before the call could connect, the door to the dressing room burst open.
Slowly turning, Stella’s heart skipped a beat at the sight of Leo.
“Why are you here?”
###chapter1306
It dawned on her too late.
Worried Leo might realize she was attempting to call for help, Stella quickly lowered her hand, hiding the phone behind her.
Leo closed the door and faced Stella, a smile playing on his Lips.
With her makeup perfectly done, Stella looked even more innocent and enchanting than without it.
A wave of desire unexpectedly washed over Leo.
He had made a pact with Elizabeth.
He would r@pe Stella and ruin her reputation, and in return, Elizabeth would clear his debts.
Moreover, with Stella caught in a scandal, he could wield it as leverage over Matthew.
It appeared to be the perfect chance to accomplish hit two birds with one stone.
Leo had agreed without a second thought.
Despite his extensive legal background and a facade of success, Leo was actually drowning in debt.
To dodge his creditors, he had come back to Seamarsh, aiming for a resurgence to reclaim fame and power.
Challenging Matthew was risky, yet Leo viewed it as a direct route to his ambitions, enticed by the offer laid out before him.
Elizabeth had set everything in motion.
It was up to him to finish the task.
Tempted by the offer, Leo decided to take the plunge.
Approaching Stella, he murmured, “It’s been ages since we last saw each other.
Don’t you miss me?”
“Stay away from me!” Stella retreated, her gaze filled with contempt.
“Leo, you’re reprehensible.
Don’t come any closer!”
But Leo, undeterred by her rejection, continued to watch her with a resolute spark in his eyes and a cunning grin on his face.
Desperation overwhelmed Stella as she closed her eyes.
The mysterious substance was overpower
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
ing her, rendering resistance futile.
She silently prayed the call had gone through before Matthew was out of reach, yet she couldn’t afford to make any sudden moves.
As her body became increasingly feeble, Stella resorted to pinching herself on the thigh in a desperate attempt to maintain her dwindling consciousness.
Fortunately, she had not indulged in too much water, allowing her to maintain her lucidity.
“Leo…” She lifted her gaze to meet his, expertly concealing the revulsion that surged within her.
“Did Elizabeth send you?”
From Rose’s unexpected offer to assist with her makeup to the ensuing discomfort, and now the arrival of Leo, everything appeared to be part of a carefully orchestrated scheme.
Stella was convinced that there was a puppeteer behind the curtain.
###chapter1307
As a seasoned lawyer, Leo recognized Stella’s efforts to unveil the truth.
He offered a smile that revealed nothing, asserting, “Stella, I’ve thought of you every day since my return and have been longing for reconciliation.
Don’t you miss our times together? Just end things with Matthew, and I will marry you.
You don’t have a wedding with Matthew yet, do you? I’ll arrange a magnificent wedding for you.
”
Stella felt her head spinning, his words blurring into incoherence.
A shiver coursed through her as she scrutinized his expression.
She bit her lip, choosing silence.
Leo continued, “Choosing me promises a fulfilling life.
What’s so good about Matthew? He has nothing but money.
Once he gets tired of you, he’ll seek other lovers, but I will cherish you forever.
”
As Leo spoke, he placed his hands on Stella’s shoulders.
Stella shrank back in revulsion, trying to escape his grasp.
“Release me, Leo.
Don’t touch me!”
Noticing the phone behind her, Leo’s gaze turned malicious.
He grabbed it and threw it to the floor before Stella could react, breaking it into pieces with a now-darkened screen.
A sense of despair engulfed Stella as the drug’s effects began to overpower her, rendering her thoughts incoherent.
She resisted with all her might, though Leo misinterpreted her attempts as flirtatious advances.
Licking his lips, he remarked, “I’ve wanted a taste of you before, but you refused me.
Though Matthew won you over, the thrill of taking what is his excites me even more.
”
Tears filled Stella’s eyes as she felt utterly powerless.
Leo took hold of her hands and began to ki*s her neck.
“You’re disgusting!” In desperation, Stella bit his ear with all her strength.
“Ah! Damn it! Bitch!” Leo let go of her hand, clutching his ear as he cursed her.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Still furious, he raised his hand and struck Stella twice.
Tears cascaded down Stella’s cheeks, and in her distress, she Longed for Matthew’s comfort.
How she wished for him to appear and rescue her in that moment.
“This is a filming site.
How dare you touch me!” Stella fixed Leo with a steely gaze, trying to halt his advances.
“Oh, I almost forgot.
I have something for you,” Leo responded with a smirk, unbothered by Stella’s threat.
Confused, Stella watched Leo approach a cabinet facing her and open it, revealing a camera planted inside.
“We must capture this special moment,” Leo said, switching on the camera.
As the device began recording, a flash of light signaled the start of the video.
Stella felt a surge of panic and mustered the remaining strength to flee.
However, Leo caught her hair, yanking her back forcefully.
###chapter1308
“Stop fighting.
The studio is closed for maintenance.
No one is around to hear you,” Leo said coldly, tightening his grip.
“Just cooperate and enjoy, or you might end up getting hurt.
”
Leo believed that Elizabeth’s accomplice was lurking outside the studio.
Stella’s flicker of hope vanished with Leo’s chilling words.
It became clear that Leo had planned everything meticulously.
He made sure the film crew was absent so he could carry out his vile intentions without fear of interruption.
As Leo’s hand moved to tear at Stella’s clothes, she trembled.
A stark fear was visible on her face.
“Today, I’ll taste the joy that Matthew finds in you.
” Leo positioned himself over Stella after ripping off her top.
“I want to see what makes him so fond of you.
”
“Leo, you’re a lawyer.
Do you realize you’re committing a crime?”
Stella tried desperately to reason with him, hoping to awaken his conscience.
But Leo was consumed by his lustful desires, so he ignored her plea.
When he leaned closer to ki*s Stella, the studio door was suddenly forced open with a powerful kick.
Leo expected the person to be Elizabeth’s accomplice.
He turned, prepared to confront them, only to be met with a heavy blow to his face.
Leo cried out as he fell to the floor, stunned.
As he attempted to get up, Leo was struck by another fierce kick to the chest.
Matthew stood over Leo with a foot pressed firmly against his face.
With his lips drawn tight, he exerted pressure, eliciting screams from Leo.
After a moment, Matthew eased his foot off momentarily and landed another forceful kick to Leo’s chest before turning his attention to Stella.
Matthew quickly took off his coat and wrapped it around Stella, then scooped her into his arms and made his way to the car parked outside.
Stella felt a sense of safety once Matthew’s familiar scent surrounded her.
She allowed herself to relax in his embrace.
“You’re finally here,” she said, clutching his shirt.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Sorry.
I came so late,” Matthew said, feeling remorseful as he tenderly ki*sed Stella’s forehead.
“Let’s get you to the hospital first.
”
Matthew could feel Stella’s unusually high body temperature against his skin.
After putting her in the passenger seat, he started the car’s engine.
As they drove, Stella’s body relaxed, and the effects of the drug resurfaced.
She felt a wave of heat run through her body, which made her squirm uncomfortably.
To seek comfort, she reached out and touched Matthew’s hand.
The next moment, Stella drew Matthew’s hand to her face and moaned lightly.
Matthew’s eyes were cold with concern as he watched Stella.
His suspicions were right.
He quickly changed routes and drove to the nearest hotel.
En route, he called Fernando for his assistance.
After arriving at the hotel, Matthew carried Stella to the bed.
Just as he was about to let go, she clung to him, her eyes brimming with tears as she looked up at him.
###chapter1309
She then leaned in and ki*sed Matthew on the lips.
While such affection might have delighted Matthew under different circumstances, his prevailing concern was for Stella’s health and well-being.
Matthew deepened the ki*s before gently laying Stella down on the bed.
He then went to the bathroom, returned with a wet towel wrapped around ice, and applied it to her face.
The sudden cold touch made Stella shiver, snapping her back to a semblance of clarity.
“Matthew, are you trying to kill me?” she asked jokingly.
Her voice was still weak from the drug’s influence.
Seeing her regain consciousness brought Matthew a sense of relief.
Their moment was interrupted by a knock at the door.
Matthew stood to welcome the private doctor he had called.
“Mrs.
Clark will be fine.
” The doctor reassured Matthew after examining Stella and conducting a blood test.
“Just make sure she takes this medication, and the drug’s effects will be completely neutralized.
”
“Okay.
” Matthew nodded and accepted the medication as the doctor took his leave.
Once he had given Stella the medicine, Matthew rested on the bed.
Soon after, she came fully around, snuggling up in his arms.
“I drank the water given by Rose,” she said after a moment of contemplation.
“I’ll handle it.
” Matthew’s face remained expressionless as he stroked Stella’s hair.
“For now, just rest.
”
Leo found himself in a hospital bed, his hope for recovery interrupted by the sudden appearance of creditors.
They were flanked by a group that blocked the entrance to his ward.
“Leo! How could you think of hiding out in Seamarsh? Did you think you could slip away?”
“Time to pay up!”
“If you don’t settle your debts, you’re going to face some serious trouble.
We’ll make sure you regret it once you’re out of here.
”
Despite the throbbing pain, Leo clasped his hands in a plea for leniency.
“Give m
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
e just two days, and I’ll have the money.
Please, I’m begging you…”
His previous arrogance in Stella’s presence vanished, replaced by his persistent pleas for mercy.
The creditors left with a final warning, giving Leo three days to come up with the money before walking out.
Once they were gone, Leo let out a sigh of relief and sank back into his bed.
He stared at the floor until the pain from his injuries snapped him back to the moment.
The first person he thought to call was Elizabeth.
The call went through quickly, and without any formalities, Leo asked Elizabeth to transfer the money to him.
“Huh!” Elizabeth’s response was cold.
“Quite the scene you caused today.
Do you really think I’m going to give you money? Leo, are you out of your mind?”
###chapter1310
“I almost succeeded…” Leo tried to explain.
Elizabeth didn’t give him a chance, cutting him off and scolding, “What were you up to back then? I had everything under control.
Why didn’t you do what was needed to prevent Matthew from messing up our plans?”
The more Elizabeth thought about it, the angrier she got.
A carefully planned chance was almost within reach, but Leo sabotaged tits What a loser!
Feeling cornered and angry, Leo raised his voice.
“Elizabeth, if you don’t give me the money, I’ll spill everything.
I’ve got nothing left to lose.
”
Elizabeth’s laugh was filled with contempt.
“Oh, please.
Do it if you dare.
See if I care.
”
And with that, Elizabeth hung up.
“Elizabeth!” Leo yelled into the phone, but when he tried to call her back, he found out he had been blocked.
Leo clenched his fists, overwhelmed by despair.
His return to Seamarsh had failed but had also damaged his reputation.
In the hotel, Matthew stood next to the window and made a quick phone call.
After exchanging a few sentences, he ended the call and returned to his room.
While Stella lay with her eyes shut, not fully asleep, Matthew sat on the bed beside her and wrapped his arms around her.
In a soft voice, he reassured her, “It’s all taken care of.
Leo won’t be a problem for you anymore.
I’m going to have someone look into Rose.
As soon as I have any information, I’ll inform you and ensure you won’t be harmed again.
”
Stella nodded, her expression blank.
“That’s reassuring.
I feel a lot better now.
I want to head back to the set.
What about you? Weren’t you supposed to go on a business trip today? You’ve delayed your plans for me.
”
Matthew’s brow creased.
“I’ll get in touch with Luther and ask for a leave for you.
I’ve rescheduled my flight to tonight to ensure you’re alright.
”
As Matthew reached for his phone, Stella quickly stopped
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
im and said, “I don’t want the crew to find out about today.
Plus, I’ve just started playing the lead role, and I’m still working on my acting.
If I take time off now, what will people think?”
Matthew hesitated, but Stella caught the concern in his eyes.
She grasped his hand and said, “Please, no special treatment.
I want to earn my place through hard work.
I’m aware of how I’m feeling.
Trust me, I’m okay.
”
After thinking it over, Matthew agreed.
“Alright, I’ll drive you to the set.
”
Stella didn’t .
Deep down, she was still shaken by the earlier encounter on set.
The memory of Leo’s confrontation haunted her.
Yet, she was determined not to let fear dictate her actions.
Matthew made sure Stella got to the set safely.
As she was about to change, a thought hit her.
Feeling anxious, she quickly let go of Matthew’s hand and hurried to the dressing room.
Relieved, Stella found the camera still in the cabinet.
Following closely, Matthew asked, “Is something wrong?”
Stella reviewed the camera’s contents and stated, “I’d like to remove the video Leo shot earlier.
”
###chapter1311
But to her surprise, she found no video.
With a frown, Stella remembered clearly that the camera had been recording during Leo’s unwelcome advances.
The disappearance of the video left her deeply unsettled.
Matthew followed Stella closely, a look of concern etched across his face.
“What happened?” he asked.
“Leo tried to record something earlier,” Stella began to explain.
“I saw the camera was on, but it didn’t record anything.
”
Matthew took the camera from her to examine it, but he couldn’t find any problem.
He then gently set the camera aside.
In a reassuring tone, he said, “Don’t worry.
From now on, I’ll have someone watch over you.
You’re in good hands.
”
As soon as he finished his sentence, his phone rang.
He looked at it briefly before dismissing the call.
A moment later, Stella said calmly, “Go back to your work.
I’m okay.
”
“I’ll stay till you’re finished.
It’s mot a problem,” Matthew answered, determined not to leave her side.
Trying not to interfere with his responsibilities, Stella offered a reassuring smile and said, “I’m really okay.
Having you here makes me nervous while filming.
If I mess up, it’ll just upset me more.
You should get back to your work.
”
Matthew studied Stella for a bit longer before he was convinced she was alright and then left.
‘s BunnyBookery
After he was gone, Stella’s strength seemed to vanish.
Despite her attempts to calm herself, the thought of Leo’s attempt left her shaking and noticeably pale.
Her makeup artist entered, saying, “It’s time for makeup.
Why do you look so pale?”
Snapping out of her thoughts, Stella answered, “I’m fine.
Maybe I just didn’t sleep well last night.
I’d appreciate your help with the makeup.
Please do what you can to cover this up.
”
“Do you feel stressed?” the makeup artist asked, trying to make conversation.
“You w
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
ere amazing in yesterday’s performance.
Just relax.
You’ve been portraying your character so well, even though it’s only been a few days.
”
Stella was distracted, giving only short answers and not much interested in chatting.
After her makeup was done, Stella went back to the set.
Luther was there, behind the monitor, directing the crew for the next shot.
Luka came over to Stella, advising, “Focus on this scene.
We’ll try to get it in one take.
”
As he finished speaking, Luka noticed Stella looked distant and quiet.
Seeing her like this, he became concerned.
“You seem out of it.
Is something on your mind? What’s wrong?”
Stella just shook her head and didn’t say anything.
Seeing her silence, Luka wanted to ask more but was cut off by Luther’s loud call, saying, “Everyone, get ready!”
###chapter1312
Realizing the need to focus on the immediate task, Luka decided to hold his questions until after the filming.
The scene they were about to shoot showed the first big argument between Giselle and Arthur since they became a couple.
As Luther shouted “Action,” Luka quickly got into character.
“Giselle, you shouldn’t take that job.
If it’s money you need, I can help.
”
“It’s not about the money, Arthur…”
“Cut!” Luther stopped the scene abruptly.
“Stella, Is that really your line?”
“I’m sorry,” Stella said, acknowledging her error in the dialogue.
She was supposed to say, “Arthur, I have my own dreams and goals.
I’m not just something you can keep for your amusement.
”
“Please go over your lines again.
Let’s try to avoid any more errors.
”
Luther offered her another opportunity.
As they tried the scene again, Luka nailed his part, but Stella seemed off.
With a serious look, Luther stopped the scene once more.
He gave Stella a brief moment to gather her thoughts before they attempted another take.
However, during the third try, Stella mistakenly called Luka by his real name, not his character’s name.
Luther, now frustrated, turned to Stella and said, “What’s happening with you?” Did the compliments from yesterday make you too comfortable? I saw potential in you and wanted to help you grow.
But now, you’re repeating the same simple mistake three times!”
Stella just pressed her lips tightly together and looked down, not saying a word.
Luka, with a furrowed brow, noticed the genuine concern in Luther’s tone as he spoke to Stella.
Feeling the tension rise, he quickly stepped in as a peacemaker.
“Stella just got her big break yesterday, she’s still new to all this.
She’s bound to feel a bit overwhelmed.
Let’s give her a second to get her bearings.
I have faith she’ll live up to expectations.
”
Luther glanced at Stella and let out a sigh, then said with a dismissive gesture, “Fine, Stella.
Take another ten minutes to prepare yourself.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Despite his doubts, he knew he was the one who had chosen her for the part.
Plus, she was Matthew’s partner, which deserved some respect.
“Thanks, Luther,” Stella replied.
She grabbed the script and dove back into practicing her lines.
Luka moved closer to her and sneaked a peek at Stella’s script, seeing the thorough notes that showed how serious she was about her work.
Without thinking, he reached out to pat her shoulder but she dodged away.
Stella looked at him, her face strained and tense.
“Is something the matter?”
Realizing she might not want to be touched, Luka pulled back his hand.
“It’s normal for actors to have ups and downs.
I don’t know why you’re having a tough time today, but if you really want to act, you’ve got to concentrate and put in everything you have.
”
###chapter1313
Stella’s fingers tightened on the script, her growing nerves apparent.
Luka caught on to her unease and sent a swift, reassuring glance before looking away.
His voice took on a teasing edge.
“Easy there, Stella.
I’m right here to help you out.
But remember, if you keep messing up your lines, there’s only so much I can do.
”
With his arms outstretched and his eyebrows playfully lifted, he tried to lighten the heavy air around Stella.
She raised her eyes to his, finding warmth and motivation in his look.
With a determined nod, she responded, “I’m going to do my best.
”
A smile of relief broke out on Luka’s face as he praised her.
“That’s the attitude.
”
Then he gave Luther a thumbs up.
Luther, keeping his cool, shifted his gaze away and shouted, “Action!”
Guided by Luka’s steady hand, Stella found her stride, playing her role with growing confidence, softening even Luther’s stern demeanor slightly.
But just as they were hitting their stride, a car rolled up to the set’s entrance.
Elizabeth stepped out of the car, her sunglasses on, and walked onto the set with a proud swagger.
Her dramatic arrival stirred up the crew, prompting them to welcome her, while quiet whispers followed her every move.
“Is that Elizabeth? Get ready for a show.
”
“Stella just got chewed out by the director.
Today could get interesting.
I wonder where Luther’s loyalty lies?”
“Check out Elizabeth walking like she owns the place.
Seems like she’s here to take back what she thinks is hers.
”
In the meantime, Stella and Luka were acting out a scene when Stella saw Elizabeth take off her sunglasses, her eyes teasing with a hint of scorn.
Stella began to lose her cool, particularly when she saw Rose next to Elizabeth, smirking at her.
A wave of panic rushed through Stella, tripping her up in her lines.
“I… I…” She faltered, her voice trailing off.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Luther noticed Stella’s focus was off.
He abruptly stood and shouted through the megaphone, “Cut! Let’s stop there.
No more for now!”
Catching Luther’s growing irritation, Elizabeth seized the moment to step in.
“Let’s not get too heated.
Stella’s just starting out, so it’s normal for her to make some mistakes.
I make it a practice to run lines with the cast before we’re on air.
It gets me in the zone, ready for the spotlight.
”
Her words, meant to comfort, hinted that Stella wasn’t putting in the effort needed.
In a flash, Luther’s attitude turned icy.
He had high hopes for his actors, especially Stella, whose raw talent and right attitude for the role had won her the part.
But her latest act had left him feeling let down.
Elizabeth didn’t miss the shift in Luther’s mood.
“Luther, with your years of experience in this business, you know better than us actors that talent alone won’t cut it.
Without dedication, it’s all just potential going to waste.
”
Luther shot Elizabeth a piercing look.
“Think you can fill in?”
###chapter1314
The question resonated deeply with Elizabeth, igniting her eagerness to push Stella aside and seize back her position as the leading lady.
Despite her enthusiasm, Elizabeth remained collected.
“I’ve been diving deep into the script these last few days.
My last go was just skimming the surface.
If you’re open to it, I’m game to step in anytime.
”
Luther gave her a nod of approval.
“Today, the stage is yours.
Stella will be sitting out.
”
“Just one thing…” Elizabeth hesitated to continue.
Luther’s brow creased with thought.
“Is there something else?”
Elizabeth’s words were laced with a touch of regret.
“I’ve got my makeup down perfectly, but I still haven’t settled on an outfit.
Could you ask Stella to help me out? Her style is flawless, you know.
I want this movie to be flawless too.
”
Luther nodded in agreement, clearly pleased with Elizabeth’s approach that day.
He turned to Stella, who was standing off to the side in silence, and said, “Stella, we’ve got the earlier scenes in the can.
How about we let Elizabeth take the lead for the next ones? It’ll bring a nice sense of consistency to the story.
From now on, you can get back to focusing on Elizabeth’s wardrobe.
”
A quiet buzz of surprise rippled through the crowd, as they internally applauded Elizabeth’s clever tactic.
Stella’s gaze locked onto Elizabeth’s, her lips pressed firmly together, showing she wasn’t about to yield under Elizabeth’s intense Look.
“Lu…” Luka couldn’t stand to look on any longer and felt the urge to defend Stella, but the moment he tried to speak, Stella silenced him with a hand.
Turning her attention to Luther, Stella admitted, “I’ll follow your lead.
My actions today caused the delay in our film’s schedule.
I’m sorry.
”
Luther didn’t respond, just casually waved his hand, indicating Stella should get Elizabeth’s outfit quickly.
After a brief exchange of courtesies with Luther, Elizabeth left, Rose close behind.
Stella hung back.
Once they were out of hearing range, she confronted Rose.
“What was in that drink you gave me today?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Taken aback, Elizabeth and Rose stopped, looking at each other in shock.
Rose put on an act of confusion, responding in an innocent voice, “What are you suggesting, Stella? I just did what the director told me to and did your makeup.
Is something wrong?”
“You’re not telling the truth, Rose! How about we ask the director if he ever asked you to handle my makeup specifically?” Stella’s Look turned steely, her tone edged with accusation.
“Why are you being so unreasonable? I’m at a loss as to why you’re upset with me,” Rose answered with a facade of confusion, unfazed.
Stella’s voice took on a low, threatening tone.
“Just wait.
I’ll figure this out.
”
A wave of pleasure washed over Elizabeth as she witnessed Stella’s evident irritation.
Despite her complex scheme to have Leo harm Stella not fully succeeding, she still had the damning video in her possession.
###chapter1315
The footage showed Leo and Stella in disarray, making any denial impossible.
Elizabeth now had the pleasure of watching Stella’s downfall, as her good name was tarnished and she was cast aside.
Interrupting Stella with a smug grin, Elizabeth said, “Let’s skip the small talk.
Will you hand over that costume, or are we going to hold up everyone else?”
Stella pursed her lips and shot a quick look at both of them before deciding to give in and change out of the costume.
As Stella walked by, Elizabeth whispered just loud enough for her to hear, “You’re no match for me, Stella.
”
Stella faced Elizabeth, her expression unreadable, her tone detached.
“I’m onto you and your schemes.
I will uncover the truth.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Elizabeth laughed it off, saying, “By all means, search for this so-called evidence, but the spotlight belongs to me now.
”
Stella responded with a faint smile, “Maybe, maybe not.
”
Resting in his hospital bed with his injuries newly treated, Leo was deep in thought.
He was surrounded by mounting debts and struggled to find a solution.
Before he could strategize, the door burst open.
Leo’s eyes flew open as several well-dressed men walked in.
Fear took hold of him, and he instinctively tried to get up and escape.
However, the men quickly surrounded his bed, and the sound of the door locking sent a shiver through Leo.
Leo moved to the corner of the bed, his eyes moving frantically.
“Didn’t I ask for three days to get the money together? Why have you come early?”
“We’re not here for money,” said the man in the middle.
Leo frowned.
Not for the money? He watched them closely, still on guard.
“Then w
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
ho are you? Why are you here?”
The man didn’t answer his questions.
Instead, he said, “I’m here for something you have.
Give it up willingly, and you’ll be fine.
But if you resist…” He pulled out a dagger from his jacket and stabbed the bedside table.
“You’ll face serious consequences.
”
“Ah!” Leo pulled back, shaking.
“I’ll do whatever you want.
If it’s something I have, it’s yours.
Just don’t hurt me.
”
“Give us the footage,” the man stated plainly.
Leo hesitated, then shook his head.
“I don’t have it.
After my accident on the set, I was brought here.
I haven’t been near the camera.
”
The man frowned.
“If that’s the case, tell us who your partner is.
”
Leo was scared and thought about naming Elizabeth.
Yet, he remembered her promise and felt a spark of hope.
He decided to contact Elizabeth once he was out of the hospital, trusting she would support him.
###chapter1316
With this plan, Leo shook his head with determination.
“I don’t know.
I don’t have any partners.
I was reckless today.
”
The man just laughed.
“You have one day to think about it.
”
Back on the set, Elizabeth was showing off her skills, nailing the confrontation scene with Luka in one take.
Luther, who always Looked so serious, finally smiled for the first time in ages.
“Great job! Luka, Elizabeth, go ahead and take a break.
I need to focus on the scenes with the supporting actors now.
” With those instructions, Luther turned his attention back to guiding the crew in their setup.
As Elizabeth and Luka were leaving the set, Stella noticed how Elizabeth’s dramatic steps made her costume’s feathers sway.
“Elizabeth, your costume’s feathers are really fragile.
Try not to lose any while you’re walking.
”
Elizabeth didn’t say a word in response.
In a bold show of rebellion, she exaggerated her movements even more, causing feathers to drift to the floor.
Her eyes locked with Stella’s, filled with fierce anger.
“How poorly made is this? What if these useless decorations fall off during an important scene? Get it fixed now.
”
“Enough, Elizabeth,” Luka cut in, looking concerned.
“You just got back and you’re already stirring up drama.
”
“Causing trouble?” Elizabeth let out a light laugh, Looking from Luka to Stella with a mischievous sparkle in her eyes.
“Luka, why are you sticking up for Stella? She’s a married woman.
You wouldn’t want people to misconstrue your relationship, would you? Or is there something more between you two behind the scenes?”
“Stay out of it.
” Luka’s expression hardened.
“People who play dirty will face their downfall in time.
”
His eyes landed on the feathers lying there, and he shifted his attention to Stella.
“She’s just trying to bait you.
Don’t let her get to you.
”
Stella offered a slight smile.
“Don’t worry.
I’ll take care of it.
”
Putting on a pair of gloves, Stella carefully picked up the feathers and gently cleaned them with a brush.
Then, bending down, she skillfully sewed them back onto the costume, her hands moving skillfully.
She kept her eyes down, speaking calmly.
“Luka once said that an actor has two souls, one intertwined with
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
the character they play.
Right now, you are Giselle, a ballerina dedicated to her craft, who would never let her costume be tarnished.
As you step back into the lead role, I ask you to put aside any personal grievances you have against me.
”
With that, Stella finished the last stitch, wrapping up the task.
Stella stood up and whispered to Elizabeth, “But just so you know, I won’t let you get away with anything.
If you had anything to do with Leo’s situation, what happened to him will be nothing compared to what I’ll do to you.
”
The seriousness in Stella’s voice made Elizabeth shiver in a way she couldn’t ignore.
As the day wound down, Stella left the bustling film set behind.
Just as she was about to hail a cab, a quartet of suit-clad men approached her.
One of the men offered a polite nod.
“Mrs.
Clark, Mr.
Clark has arranged for us to accompany you home.
”
###chapter1317
Recalling Matthew’s instructions, Stella acknowledged with a nod and quickly sent him a message to keep him informed.
Luka, emerging at that moment, noticed Stella’s company, confused.
He approached after sending his assistant ahead.
“What a coincidence!
Heading home? Could I perhaps join you in your car?”
Stella refused, wary of spending time alone with Luka in Matthew’s absence.
“I don’t think we’re headed in the same direction.
”
Luka, however, pressed on, “A few overzealous fans followed me to the set and were waiting by my car, so I had my assistant drive it away to lead them off.
Could you bear to leave me to the mercy of a taxi queue, potentially swarmed by fans?”
Caught in a dilemma, Stella hesitated.
“Aren’t we friends?” Luka asked her.
At this, Stella didn’t want to refuse anymore.
Otherwise, it would seem like she was guilty.
Anyway, with the presence of bodyguards, she believed that Luka would not do anything out of line.
Reluctantly, she consented, “Alright, you can join us.
”
Two bodyguards accompanied them inside the vehicle and two others followed in another car.
After the car started, Luka asked, “What happened? You’ve seemed out of sorts all day.
Don’t pretend everything’s fine.
I noticed it during filming and even more so after Elizabeth’s visit.
”
Stella had believed her facade was impenetrable, yet Luka’s observation revealed otherwise.
A flicker of discomfort passed over her features as she gripped her bag tighter, a clear sign of her inner turmoil.
Upon noticing Stella’s discomfort, Luka swiftly instructed the driver, “Pull over.
Stella seems to be feeling carsick.
”
The vehicle came to an abrupt halt at his command.
“Stella could use some motion sickness medication.
Could you please get some?” Luka directed
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
.
Initially, the driver and bodyguards hesitated, but upon Stella’s nod, they promptly exited the vehicle.
With only the two of them left inside, Luka waited patiently for Stella to speak.
After gathering her thoughts, Stella revealed, “Today, someone attempted to me on set.
Thankfully, Matthew was there in time to prevent any harm.
”
Concern etched across Luka’s features, he inquired, “And where is Matthew now?”
“He’s tied up with company matters,” Stella informed him.
“I’m alright, just the location of today’s shoot brought back unsettling memories.
I apologize for any inconvenience caused.
”
“No inconvenience at all,” Luka reassured her.
“Let’s get you home safely.
I’ll arrange for my assistant to fetch me later.
Ensure you rest well tonight.
”
###chapter1318
“Okay.
” Stella agreed, acknowledging her fatigue.
Once the driver and bodyguards returned and resumed their journey, an unexpected jolt near Prosper Bay forced the car to a sharp stop, prompting the driver’s immediate apology.
“My apologies, Mrs.
Clark.
Are you hurt?”
Despite feeling unwell, Stella dismissed the concern with a shake of her head.
“I’m fine.
”
However, upon exiting the car at the villa’s entrance, dizziness overwhelmed her.
Luka’s quick reflexes prevented her from collapsing.
“Are you sure you’re alright?” he asked, steadying her.
Stella was on the verge of pushing Luka away when another bout of nausea overwhelmed her.
She bent over, caught in the grip of dry heaves.
Luka, seeing her struggle, lifted her into his arms without hesitation.
“What are you doing? Put me down,” Stella protested, her voice laced with surprise at his sudden action.
She made a feeble attempt to break free from his hold, worried about the misunderstandings their current position might spark if seen by others.
Unfazed by her protest, Luka continued walking.
“You’re barely able to stand.
Stop making a fuss.
”
Stella ceased her attempts to escape, struck silent by his observation.
Luka, with a subtle smile, carried her inside the house.
He set her down on the sofa and went to get her a glass of water.
After taking a sip, Stella felt a bit of relief from her discomfort.
She looked up at Luka.
“It’s late, and you’ve got work tomorrow.
You should go.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Luka’s expression briefly showed his reluctance to leave, but he quickly masked it.
He paused, looking at her with a mix of concern and insistence.
“I’ll take you to your room to make sure you’re okay.
Then I’ll leave.
”
Stella attempted to , but Luka’s insistence overrode her protests.
“As your friend, it wouldn’t be right to leave without ensuring you’re safe.
What if something happened to you on the stairs?”
With no ground to argue, Stella could only agree, albeit reluctantly.
Soon after, she found herself in her bedroom, where sleep quickly claimed her.
Luka remained by her side as she succumbed to sleep, quietly turning off the lights before he tiptoed out of the room.
###chapter1319
Though he planned to leave, a moment’s hesitation at the door led him back to the living room.
He settled on the sofa, fully clothed, ready to assist Stella if needed throughout the night.
Meanwhile, the events outside had not gone unnoticed, captured through the lens of a camera.
Elizabeth, with a keen eye, perused the photos, her attention fixed on the one that depicted Luka’s tender moment of lifting Stella.
The image, a perfect capture of their closeness, held her gaze as she considered the implications.
“This time, Stella will find it difficult to disentangle herself from this predicament.
”
Quickly, Elizabeth forwarded the images through an anonymous email to Matthew, a smirk of satisfaction curling her lips as she hit send.
In North city, Matthew was deeply engaged in a meeting, addressing a complication that had arisen in their project, which now required negotiation with the local community.
His phone’s buzz broke his concentration.
The email awaiting him bore a subject that promised scandal.
“Stella’s Cheated On You.
”
The urge to view it clashed with the need for his undivided attention on the meeting.
Opting to maintain his focus, Matthew placed his phone face down, masking his turmoil as he returned to the task of finding a resolution with his team.
The project had stumbled, not just on logistical hurdles but on allegations of collusion and embezzlement involving Hamilton Yates, the project lead, and influential local figures, turning the villagers’ complaints into leverage for further financial gain from Prosperity Group.
As discussions unfolded, Matthew’s thoughts kept drifting back to the email, fueling a growing unease within him.
Despite his efforts to quell it, his annoyance seemed to amplify.
Once the meeting concluded, Matthew stood up abruptly, his demeanor as frosty as his voice.
“We’ll visit the site tomorrow.
That’s all for today.
”
He left the room, heading to a quiet spot on the first floor to finally check his phone.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Opening the email, he was confronted with several photos of Luka enveloping Stella in a protective embrace.
The attachment also included a video that heightened Matthew’s concern.
It showed Luka carrying Stella into the villa, after which they remained inside, unseen even as the lights went out.
The evidence was clearly intended to incite him.
Matthew tried calling Stella, but received no response, leaving him in a state of heightened worry, not over trust issues with Stella but the possibility of Luka exploiting the situation.
Next, he contacted Fernando.
‘ind out from the security at Prosper Bay if Luka has left the villa.
”
Soon, Fernando confirmed Luka was still there, which only intensified Matthew’s frustration.
“What are the bodyguards doing? They should check on Luka’s activities inside,” he demanded, barely containing his anger.
###chapter1320
Fernando’s response was cautious.
“Sir, the bodyguards mentioned that Mrs.
Clark has been unwell since this evening.
They were hesitant to enter the villa and risk disturbing her.
”
Learning of Stella’s ill health cooled Matthew’s anger, replacing it with concern.
“What’s wrong with Stella?”
“She seems to be suffering from a headache.
”
Regaining his composure, Matthew gave his instructions.
“Let her be for now.
Station your men at the door and arrange for a doctor first thing in the morning.
”
“Understood,” Fernando confirmed before ending the call.
Matthew returned to his hotel, but rest eluded him.
Stella awoke refreshed, her health restored.
‘s BunnyBookery
She stretched languidly, reaching for her phone, only to find it missing.
Recollections of the previous evening reminded her that her bag, with the phone inside, was downstairs.
Concerned that Matthew might be anxious about her lack of communication, she hurried down to retrieve it.
As she entered the living room, her heart leapt at the sight of a figure on the couch.
She thought it was Matthew.
However, as she drew closer, she realized it was Luka.
Puzzled to see him there, Stella decided not to disturb his slumber.
She tiptoed over, retrieved her bag and her phone from the couch, and at that moment, Matthew’s call came through.
“I was just about to contact you,” Stella said as she moved to the dining room.
“How are things on your end?”
“Complicated.
I’ll need to stay here a bit longer,” Matthew replied, his voice betraying his fatigue.
“How are you feeling? What happened last night?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella hesitated, then figured the bodyguards must have informed him.
“I felt unwell yesterday.
Luka helped me inside, and I slept through to the morning.
I’m better now,” she shared honestly.
“Good to hear,” Matthew responded softly, choosing not to mention the photograph.
“I’ll send Fernando with a doctor to check on you.
I’ll be back as soon as possible.
”
Before Stella could respond, the call ended.
She glanced at her phone to find a series of concerned messages from Matthew from the night before, warming her heart with his care.
As she was about to put away her phone, the doorbell rang.
Opening the door, she found Fernando.
“Mrs.
Clark, Mr.
Clark sent me to ensure you’re examined by a doctor,” he said with a respectful nod.
###chapter1321
Stella, while initially inclined to assure Fernando that she was well, realized a thorough examination might alleviate Matthew’s worries.
She welcomed Fernando and the doctor inside.
As they settled in the living room, Luka, who had been dozing on the sofa, stirred.
Standing up, he asked, “Are you feeling better?”
“Yes, much better,” Stella replied quietly, mentioning Matthew’s instructions for a medical check-up.
Fernando shot Luka a brief look before turning his attention back to Stella, urging, “Let’s proceed with the check-up.
”
“Okay.
” Stella seated herself, ready for the examination.
Luka made a move to approach but was subtly blocked by Fernando.
Acknowledging the cue, Luka kept his distance, sparing Stella any discomfort.
‘s BunnyBookery
Post-examination, Luka queried about Stella’s condition.
The doctor reassured, “It’s primarily stress-related.
A supportive and loving environment will aid her recovery.
”
Before Luka could respond, Fernando interjected, “That’s a relief.
I’ll tell Mr.
Clark.
He loves his wife very much and often spends time with her.
”
With the doctor’s departure, Fernando turned his attention to Luka.
“Mr.
Swain, perhaps it’s time for you to leave.
You’re a celebrity.
Your presence here could complicate matters for Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The hostility and warning in his words were obvious.
Understanding the underlying message, Luka countered politely, “I’ll be accompanying Stella to the film set later.
”
Fernando, ready to , was interrupted by an urgent call.
It was a call from the hospital.
An urgent voice said, “Bad news, Fernando.
Leo has run away.
”
As Fernando received the distressing news, his expression changed significantly.
Realizing Stella’s presence, he whispered, “What happened?”
“This morning, they discovered Leo had escaped using a makeshift rope from sheets and covers.
”
With narrowed eyes, Fernando answered, “I’ll go to the hospital.
”
He then assured Stella, “I need to attend to an urgent matter.
The bodyguards will send you to the film set.
”
###chapter1322
Stella, while not privy to the details, understood the gravity from Fernando’s tone and offered, “I can travel with Luka later.
Don’t worry about me.
”
Fernando, visibly concerned by this arrangement, ultimately conceded, recognizing Stella’s autonomy in the matter.
He nodded.
“I’ll have the bodyguards take you there.
”
“Okay,” Stella responded.
She watched Fernando leave, then turned to Luka.
“Thanks for last night.
”
Luka offered a smile.
“We’re friends.
I’ll help you figure out yesterday’s mess with the crew.
”
Stella remained silent, convinced Elizabeth was behind yesterday’s incident.
Her current mission was to uncover proof.
Accompanied by the bodyguards, they headed towards the film set.
However, as they neared their destination, their car came to an abrupt halt.
Suddenly, a mob encircled them, bombarding the windows with cameras and fists, expressions twisted in fury.
Stella recoiled, seeking refuge in the car’s center.
Luka’s composure faltered, recognizing the paparazzi’s ambush.
He instructed the driver, “Drive,” but the vehicle was trapped by the throng.
The cacophony from outside penetrated the car, unmitigated by the glass.
“I can’t believe the rumors are true.
Stella’s with Luka.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Echoes of agreement followed.
“Didn’t you see? Last night, with Matthew away, Stella brought Luka home.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“The two are disgraceful.
”
Stella, grim-faced, reached to clear the air, but Luka caught her hand.
“They won’t Listen now.
It’ll only make things worse for you.
”
He drew the curtain, shielding them from hostile stares, yet their taunts continued unabated.
“Shameless! Luka aiming for best actor? Think you can bury the truth?”
“I defended Stella against Elizabeth online just days ago.
Now, it’s clear she’s no better.
”
“Married to Seamarsh’s wealthiest, yet she chases Luka.
Is she that desperate?”
The insults escalated, leaving Stella visibly shaken, her hands clasped tightly together.
After a while, Stella’s panic subsided, and she noticed something off.
The crowd’s overblown reactions seemed orchestrated.
###chapter1323
She recalled a previous attack, and Matthew had been her unwavering protector.
This time, however, her calls to him went unanswered.
Despite repeated attempts, there was no response.
Luka ended his call and saw Stella’s persistence.
He comforted her.
“The police are on their way.
We’ll be out of here soon.
”
In North city, Matthew exited the hotel, ready to head to a construction site for crucial talks.
The sight that greeted him was shocking-his car vandalized, coated in red paint.
A note on the windshield caught his eye.
Without emotion, he read the threat scrawled across it.
“Leave North city, or else…”
Breck, the marketing director, arrived later, taken aback by the scene.
After calling for security and checking the useless, sabotaged surveillance, he saw Matthew’s displeasure.
With caution, he inquired, “Mr.
Clark, will you proceed to the construction site?”
After a thoughtful pause, Matthew nodded.
“Bring more people.
We’ll resolve this today.
”
After Luka made the call to the police, they arrived within 15 minutes.
The authorities swiftly evacuated the people gathered outside, clearing the way for the car to pass.
With the road finally clear, the driver restarted the car.
As the commotion outside gradually subsided, Stella let out a sigh of relief.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Luka frowned, a sense of guilt weighing on him.
He gently patted Stella’s back, offering comfort.
“It’s all over now.
Today’s chaos is on me.
I’m sorry you had to endure this because of me.
”
Stella shook her head silently, opting not to respond.
The remainder of the journey to the film crew passed in silence, but by then, over an hour had elapsed since their scheduled start time.
Fortunately, Luka’s scenes had yet to begin.
Elizabeth had just finished a play when she spotted Stella and Luka.
Walking up to Stella, she greeted her with a smile.
“Why are you so late? I’ve already wrapped up three performances.
”
Stella responded quietly, “There was a traffic jam on the road.
”
However, it seemed Elizabeth wasn’t willing to let the matter rest.
###chapter1324
She persisted, “Stella, this isn’t very professional of you.
It would be best if you had managed my wardrobe, yet here you are, tardy.
Do you realize Luther is quite displeased?”
Elizabeth watched Stella’s expression closely, deriving pleasure from any sign of discomfort.
As long as Stella was unhappy, Elizabeth felt content.
“Stella, could it be that returning the lead role to me has made you resentful, prompting you to create problems?” Elizabeth continued with a smug smile, her eyes gleaming with satisfaction.
Stella took a deep breath, attempting to quell her rising anger.
“Elizabeth, did you orchestrate what happened to me on the road?”
Wearing an indifferent expression, Elizabeth raised her eyebrows and replied, “You were cornered by Luca’s fans.
What does it have to do with me? If you’re not involved in any shady business, then why would anyone criticize you, right?”
She then glanced meaningfully at Luka.
“I didn’t disclose the details to you.
How do you know so much?”
Stella fixed her gaze on Elizabeth, her tone insistent.
“Are you still going to deny it?”
Elizabeth’s face paled as she recoiled from the intensity of Stella’s gaze.
After a tense silence, she tried to defend herself.
“This morning, rumors about your affair with Luka circulated on numerous gossip sites.
Even with my eyes closed, I could foresee today’s events!”
Stella’s frown deepened.
“Stop making excuses.
I know it was you.
Elizabeth, consider this a warning-if you dare to pull another stunt, be prepared for the consequences.
I will uncover the truth, and it won’t bode well for you.
”
While they were talking, Stella’s attention was drawn to Luther’s voice, signaling the imminent start of the next scene.
Stella ceased wasting time on Elizabeth.
Instead, she donned a professional smile and hurried to do her work.
Observing Stella’s facade of composure, Luka couldn’t help but feel sympathy for her.
Simultaneously, he made a firm decision.
In North city, Matthew arrived at a construction site swarmed by numerous residents.
A sense of foreboding weighed heavily on him as he stepped out of the car, his expression still grim.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The clamor gradually subsided as the crowd noticed Matthew approaching.
“This is Mr.
Clark, CEO of Prosperity Group,” Breck announced, introducing Matthew’s identity to the gathering.
“Mr.
Clark is here today to provide you all with an explanation.
”
After the introduction, Breck turned to Matthew.
Seeing him nod in agreement, Breck continued, “We offer each of you $50, 000 in compensation for the inconvenience caused by this situation.
If you have no ions, the funds will be disbursed upon signing the contract later today.
”
Before Breck could finish, a resident named Killian Hewitt was the first to voice his dissent.
“This project encroaches upon our family’s ancestral graves.
Do you understand the significance of that?
How can mere money suffice? I don’t believe your offer demonstrates sincerity in resolving the issue.
”
###chapter1325
As Killian spoke, he exchanged knowing winks with the others, and together they advanced.
Matthew remained steadfast, unperturbed by their collective movement.
Hamilton hurried to the forefront, positioning himself between Matthew and the approaching residents.
He turned his back to Matthew, signaling to Killian to hold off.
But Killian didn’t listen to him at all.
He continued to shout, “There’s nothing to discuss.
If the project proceeds, we demand that the cemetery be avoided.
This is the only solution we’ll accept.
”
His words resonated swiftly among the assembled crowd.
Amidst the clamor, Matthew finally interjected.
“I am willing to entertain your proposal.
”
The moment his voice resonated, everyone else fell silent.
Hamilton and his companions exchanged puzzled glances, surprised by Matthew’s unexpected agreement.
Hamilton paused momentarily, considering his response carefully, before addressing Matthew, “Mr.
Clark, we’re already halfway through the project.
If we were to reroute now, the additional costs could amount to hundreds of millions of dollars.
”
Matthew raised his hand, halting Hamilton mid-sentence.
He regarded him impassively before saying, “I haven’t finished speaking.
”
Hamilton fell silent, awaiting Matthew’s following words.
Matthew averted his gaze before continuing, “Opting out of this project would result in a substantial loss for Prosperity Group.
However, if you’re willing to compensate for the associated losses, we can consider expanding the project scope for your benefit.
”
Breck nearly burst out Laughing at the blatant attempt at blackmail.
He was relieved that Matthew hadn’t yielded to their demands.
Hamilton, too, was taken aback by Matthew’s unexpected response.
Killian, fueled by anger, lashed out at Matthew.
“How dare you deceive us? We came to you for resolution, and now you have the audacity to demand money from us?”
Killian’s revelation brought a subtle smile to Matthew’s face, making it clear his true intentions had been accidentally disclosed.
Hamilton’s expression darkened with frustration.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
His scheme to use Killian to stir up trouble and unsettle Matthew, hoping to leverage the situation for financial gain, had been thwarted by Killian’s slip.
Hamilton’s anger grew as he pondered his next move, his face contorting with rage.
Noting Hamilton’s displeasure, Matthew maintained his smile and explained, “A year ago, we legally acquired the land in North city, including the cemetery where your ancestors rest.
”
He looked at Killian with a detached air.
“You argue the cemetery is off-limits, which we respect out of decency.
However, you’ll need to cover the additional costs.
It wouldn’t be fair to expect Prosperity Group to bear the expense of honoring your family, would it?”
His tone was light, but the underlying threat silenced the crowd.
Matthew’s presence commanded attention, his silence imposing.
###chapter1326
The residents, initially taken aback, quickly regrouped and resumed their protest louder than before.
“Stop the construction!” they demanded, accusing Matthew of valuing profit over compassion.
“We won’t allow any construction here!”
The residents’ frustration escalated, fueled by the promise of payment for their uproar.
Amidst the clamor, Hamilton saw an opportunity.
He urged for silence, suggesting, “Let’s settle down.
I’m sure Mr.
Clark will offer a fair resolution.
Arguing won’t get us anywhere.
”
As peace returned, Hamilton faced Matthew with a disingenuous grin.
“Mr.
Clark, perhaps a conversation is in order.
Delays in construction could be costly for you.
Wouldn’t a compromise be beneficial?”
His voice grew louder, as if doubting Matthew’s comprehension.
“I intend to address this based on its merits.
The discussion should come from your end.
” Matthew remained composed.
‘s BunnyBookery
Hamilton, frustrated, signaled Killian with a subtle wink.
Killian caught on and quickly spoke up.
“Seeing you here, Mr.
Clark, signals your willingness to resolve this.
We’re open to compromise.
How about this? Three hundred million for relocating our family graves.
”
Breck’s jaw dropped at the audacity.
The jump from fifty thousand to three hundred million was extortionate.
The crowd rallied behind Killian’s demand.
“A corporation as large as yours won’t miss three hundred million, right? Moving ancestral graves is a significant burden.
Moreover, halting construction could cost you over a billion.
Three hundred million is a small price for you.
”
Matthew appeared relaxed, a faint smile playing on his lips.
He seemed gentler than usual, unaffected by the clamor of the residents around him.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He gestured for Breck to bring over two chairs, and they sat down together, quietly observing the quarreling crowd.
As time passed, the residents noticed Matthew’s silence, interpreting it as indifference.
This prompted Killian to raise his voice.
“Why remain silent? Even if you disagree with us, you should at least say something, right?”
Hamilton, looking somewhat embarrassed, turned to Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, perhaps we should calm the crowd? It won’t reflect well on us if this continues.
”
Matthew offered him a calm smile and replied, “Just wait a moment.
”
Hamilton felt an inexplicable chill and chose to wait silently, puzzled by Matthew’s response.
Minutes later, the chaos persisted, with Matthew still choosing silence.
It was then Hamilton’s phone rang.
He checked it, saw it was his wife, and initially dismissed the call.
###chapter1327
However, it rang again.
Hamilton was about to dismiss it when he heard Matthew’s voice.
“Aren’t you going to answer that?”
Matthew looked up at Hamilton, his smile faint but meaningful, silently urging him to take the call.
Confused but compelled, Hamilton answered.
The sound of his wife’s distressed crying filled his ear.
“Hamilton, something terrible has happened! Our children are missing!
Panic surged through Hamilton.
“What do you mean? How did that happen?”
“I… I don’t know.
” Hamilton’s wife sobbed uncontrollably, struggling to breathe.
“I went to pick up the children from kindergarten as usual, but the teacher said they’d already been collected.
I’ve called our family and friends, but no one knows where they are.
What do we do now?”
Feeling helpless, Hamilton could only reply, “I see,” before hanging up.
Turning to Matthew, he realized the significance of the look Matthew had given him earlier.
“Did you have something to do with this?” he demanded.
Matthew remained silent.
Hamilton’s frustration boiled over.
“Mr.
Clark, I’ve supported you.
Why would you target me like this?”
Still, Matthew offered no explanation, only lifting an eyebrow with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“You’re behind the vandalism of my car, aren’t you?”
Hamilton’s world revolved around his twins.
They were his treasure, and he had always cared for them meticulously.
Now, with them missing, his mind was in turmoil.
However, it rang again.
Hamilton was about to dismiss it when he heard Matthew’s voice.
“Aren’t you going to answer that?”
Matthew looked up at Hamilton, his smile faint but meaningful, silently urging him to take the call.
Confused but compelled, Hamilton answered.
The sound of his wife’s distressed crying filled his ear.
“Hamilton, something terrible has happened! Our children are missing!
Panic surged through Hamilton.
“What do you mean? How did that happen?”
“I… I don’t know.
” Hamilton’s wife sobbed uncontrollably, struggling to breathe.
“I went to pick up the children from kindergarten as usual, but the teacher said they’d already been collected.
I’ve called our family and friends, but no one knows where they are.
What do we do now?”
BunnyBookery
Feeling helpless, Hamilton could only reply, “I see,” before hanging up.
Turning to Matthew, he realized the significance of the look Matthew had given him earlier.
“Did you have something to do with this?” he demanded.
Matthew remained silent.
Hamilton’s frustration boiled over.
“Mr.
Clark, I’ve supported you.
Why would you target me like this?”
Still, Matthew offered no explanation, only lifting an eyebrow with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“You’re behind the vandalism of my car, aren’t you?”
Hamilton’s world revolved around his twins.
They were his treasure, and he had always cared for them meticulously.
Now, with them missing, his mind was in turmoil.
Reacting to Matthew’s accusation, Hamilton quickly defended himself.
“I didn’t paint your car.
Please, look into it properly and don’t falsely accuse me.
”
Matthew’s laughter was chilling.
“How did you know my car was splashed with paint?”
Hamilton froze, realizing his slip.
” ” He faltered, unable to form a coherent response.
Matthew didn’t press him further.
Standing, he adopted a colder tone.
“Shall we have an honest conversation now, Hamilton?”
Though phrased as a question, it was clear Hamilton had no option but to comply.
Reacting to Matthew’s accusation, Hamilton quickly defended himself.
“I didn’t paint your car.
Please, look into it properly and don’t falsely accuse me.
”
Matthew’s laughter was chilling.
“How did you know my car was splashed with paint?”
Hamilton froze, realizing his slip.
” ” He faltered, unable to form a coherent response.
Matthew didn’t press him further.
Standing, he adopted a colder tone.
“Shall we have an honest conversation now, Hamilton?”
Though phrased as a question, it was clear Hamilton had no option but to comply.
###chapter1328
Hamilton gritted his teeth, waving his hand dejectedly before dispersing the residents and guiding Matthew and Breck to the meeting room.
The meeting room, a makeshift space on the construction site, awaited them.
Ignoring the shabby surroundings, Matthew got straight to the point.
“Hamilton, I’ve entrusted you with a hefty project in North city.
You’ve made a good amount of money from it.
Why the Lingering greed?”
Hamilton, visibly frightened, bowed his head.
Matthew remained silent, waiting for his response.
Unable to withstand the eerie silence any longer, Hamilton whispered, “It’s Carl Olson.
”
With that breakthrough in the dialogue, the rest of his words flowed more easily.
“Mr.
Clark, I had no choice.
Carl’s the local villain.
I had no choice.
” Hamilton tried to justify himself.
“I didn’t want to, but they kept sending troublemakers to the construction site every couple of days.
The project couldn’t progress, so I had to do something.
”
Matthew nodded in understanding.
“Well, I’ll have to have a word with Carl.
”
Before Hamilton could process this, the door burst open, and Killian barged in.
Casting a fearful glance at Matthew, Killian whispered urgently to Hamilton, “Something’s happened to Carl.
Will he…”
Hamilton kicked him before he could say anything more.
“Why’d you kick me?” Killian protested, hurt.
Hamilton gritted his teeth, waving his hand dejectedly before dispersing the residents and guiding Matthew and Breck to the meeting room.
The meeting room, a makeshift space on the construction site, awaited them.
Ignoring the shabby surroundings, Matthew got straight to the point.
“Hamilton, I’ve entrusted you with a hefty project in North city.
You’ve made a good amount of money from it.
Why the Lingering greed?”
Hamilton, visibly frightened, bowed his head.
BunnyBookery
Matthew remained silent, waiting for his response.
Unable to withstand the eerie silence any longer, Hamilton whispered, “It’s Carl Olson.
”
With that breakthrough in the dialogue, the rest of his words flowed more easily.
“Mr.
Clark, I had no choice.
Carl’s the local villain.
I had no choice.
” Hamilton tried to justify himself.
“I didn’t want to, but they kept sending troublemakers to the construction site every couple of days.
The project couldn’t progress, so I had to do something.
”
Matthew nodded in understanding.
“Well, I’ll have to have a word with Carl.
”
Before Hamilton could process this, the door burst open, and Killian barged in.
Casting a fearful glance at Matthew, Killian whispered urgently to Hamilton, “Something’s happened to Carl.
Will he…”
Hamilton kicked him before he could say anything more.
“Why’d you kick me?” Killian protested, hurt.
Hamilton seethed with anger.
He’d just tried hard to distance himself from Carl in front of Matthew, and now Killian spilled the beans.
He regretted choosing Killian as his assistant more than ever.
Matthew stood up.
He was not in the mood to watch the play anymore.
He said bluntly, “Carl had an accident.
You can talk now.
Otherwise, you could be the next one in trouble.
”
Hamilton’s sweat poured down like a waterfall.
Believing Matthew had nabbed his two children, Hamilton clenched his jaw and muttered, “I’ll spill the beans.
”
Matthew remained unfazed by his decision.
He signaled Breck to pass over the prepared notebook to Hamilton, stating, “Jot down the name of every soul involved in this gig.
Don’t skip a beat, or else…”
Pausing for effect, he continued, “I’ve danced this dance before.
Hamilton seethed with anger.
He’d just tried hard to distance himself from Carl in front of Matthew, and now Killian spilled the beans.
He regretted choosing Killian as his assistant more than ever.
Matthew stood up.
He was not in the mood to watch the play anymore.
He said bluntly, “Carl had an accident.
You can talk now.
Otherwise, you could be the next one in trouble.
”
Hamilton’s sweat poured down like a waterfall.
Believing Matthew had nabbed his two children, Hamilton clenched his jaw and muttered, “I’ll spill the beans.
”
Matthew remained unfazed by his decision.
He signaled Breck to pass over the prepared notebook to Hamilton, stating, “Jot down the name of every soul involved in this gig.
Don’t skip a beat, or else…”
Pausing for effect, he continued, “I’ve danced this dance before.
###chapter1329
Their boss ended up losing his hands.
Care for a twirl?”
Matthew’s words dripped with menace, causing Hamilton’s knees to quake.
Ultimately, Hamilton spilled the beans, meticulously jotting down the names tied to the project.
He pressed his fingerprint, shook off the tension, and returned the notebook.
Matthew accepted it, flipping it open before passing it to Breck.
“Nicely done.
Let the law handle the rest.
”
“What? What’s that supposed to mean?” Hamilton’s eyes bulged with disbelief, reality snapping back into focus.
He jabbed a finger at Matthew, accusing, “You set me up!”
Sirens blared outside, slicing through the tension.
Before Hamilton could grasp the situation, a swarm of policemen flooded the room, slapping cuffs on him.
“What’s the meaning of this, Matthew Clark?” Hamilton shouted, ignoring the cops and insisting on an explanation from Matthew.
Right now, there was no need for hiding.
Matthew said, “Over the last couple of days, I’ve had my sights set on you and Carl.
As for the rest, you’ve got some explaining to do.
”
Hamilton detested Matthew so much for setting him up, but he also knew there was nothing he could do about it.
Thinking of his twins, Hamilton wasted no time in instructing the police, “Arrest him.
He kidnapped my two children.
”
The policeman frowned, countering, “Don’t talk nonsense.
Your children were lost.
It was Mr.
Clark who sent them to the police station.
”
“I don’t believe it!” Hamilton retorted harshly.
The policeman dialed a number and handed the phone to Hamilton.
“You can talk with your kids,” he said, holding the phone to Hamilton’s ear.
Hamilton remained skeptical until he heard his children’s voices on the phone.
Only then did he feel a sense of relief.
He was quickly taken away by the police.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The office fell back into silence.
Matthew glanced at Breck.
“Remember, never show kindness to your enemy, or you’ll find yourself in hot water.
”
“Yes, Mr.
Clark.
” Breck nodded.
Matthew said nothing and left the meeting room with Breck.
After the project was completed, he was eager to go home.
As the two made their way to the construction site, a sharp female voice suddenly called out, “Matthew!”
Matthew halted in his tracks at the sound.
Before he could react, a woman rushed toward him.
“Matthew, give me back my child!”
###chapter1330
The woman stabbed Matthew with the knife.
A sudden, searing pain erupted from Matthew’s abdomen, causing a rush of blood.
Instinctively, he covered the wound, his legs giving way as he knelt on the ground.
Amid the chaos, his phone slipped from his pocket.
Breck stood in astonishment, caught off guard by the abrupt shift in the situation.
Witnessing the woman poised to strike Matthew again, Breck snapped out of his stupor.
Reacting swiftly, he seized her wrist and disarmed her.
With blazing eyes, Hamilton’s wife cried to Matthew, “Give my children back to me! They’re all I have.
”
Having given birth to the twins later in life, she held them dear, and the thought of losing them was unbearable.
With pain etched across his face, Matthew bit his lip, his expression somber and tense.
Exasperated, Breck berated the woman, “You’re out of your mind! Your kids are at the police station! You’re delusional!”
“You’re lying to me! You’ll stop at nothing to get what you want.
They’re just innocent kids!” the woman protested, her voice a mix of anguish and desperation.
Just as emotions reached a boiling point, Erma’s phone rang-a call from the police station.
Overwhelmed with joy upon hearing that her children were safe, she forcefully pushed Breck aside and hurriedly left.
Breck staggered backward, casting a resentful gaze at her retreating figure.
“What is wrong with these people?”
“Breck.
Matthew’s weakened voice called out.
“Mr.
Clark!” Breck hurried to Matthew’s side, alarmed by the severity of his injury.
He took out his phone and said, “I’ll call an ambulance.
Hold on.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew drew in a deep breath, his thin lips forming a firm line, a delicate sheen of sweat adorning his forehead.
From the corner of his eye, he caught sight of the flickering phone screen, He gestured to Breck, silently urging him to retrieve it from the ground.
Upon realizing it was a call from Stella, a subtle shift played across Matthew’s features.
Taking note of his expression, Breck inquired cautiously, “Mr.
Clark, do you want me to end the call?”
Matthew remained silent for a moment, then exerted effort to utter, “Answer it.
”
Breck proceeded to activate the speakerphone, bringing the device closer to Matthew.
Through the phone, Stella inquired, “Darling, did I interrupt your work? I’ve just finished my work and have some time to talk with you.
###chapter1331
How are things going? Is everything okay?”
Her tone resonated with genuine concern.
Matthew endeavored to respond to her in a soothing tone, “It’s completed.
We’ll return shortly.
”
“That’s reassuring.
” Stella exhaled her tone now at ease.
“Take good care of yourself.
Since Fernando didn’t accompany you, do you have someone looking after you there?”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Yes.
” Matthew paused, inhaling deeply.
Stella pressed on, “Regardless of the complexity of the situation, make sure you don’t miss your meals.
”
Just then, the wailing siren of an ambulance interrupted her.
Concern etched her voice as she inquired, “Where are you now? Why did I hear the sound of an ambulance?”
Matthew shut his eyes, contemplating before confessing, “Someone got hurt at the construction site, and I’ve called for an ambulance.
”
Feeling his endurance waning and fearing being exposed, he hastened to assure, “I’ll return as swiftly as possible.
Please wait for me at home.
Understanding the unspoken cue in his gaze, Breck promptly ended the call.
The instant he hung up, Matthew succumbed to unconsciousness.
Stella finally calmed down after hanging up the phone.
Sure enough, she had been overthinking matters.
Why would anything happen to Matthew?
She tidied herself up and went outside.
As soon as she did, her attention was caught by the news flashing on the TV.
Luka’s face was on the screen.
Stella stopped short.
It hadn’t been that long since Luka informed her that he had tapped the leading media companies in Seamarsh for his press conference.
She wasn’t expecting it to happen so soon.
Stella meandered through the crowd and found herself a seat to watch the Live broadcast.
Luka had been working the entire day.
He looked exhausted as he sat alone on the stage, but his expression was grave.
As soon as the press conference commenced, he went straight to the point.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He swept his gaze over the cameras and spoke in a cold voice.
“Rumors about me have been making rounds on the Internet these last two days, claiming that I am having an affair with a married woman, implying that I am a home wrecker of some sort.
I am here to clarify the issue once and for all-none of it is true.
I would also take this opportunity to warn the public that should anyone make slanderous claims about me and Stella in the future, they will be hearing from my lawyers.
Lastly, I sincerely hope that my fans would band together and help me find the culprit who started this fabricated story as soon as possible.
I intend to punish them to the utmost extent that the law would allow me.
”
“That concludes today’s press conference,” his agent quickly interjected, displeased with Luka’s heavy tone.
“Thank you for coming, everyone!”
Luka cast the man a look of indifference before continuing in a cold voice, “I swear on my career, on all that I have built through the years, that Stella and I are nothing more than friends.
”
###chapter1332
Needless to say, his words caused an uproar among the reporters.
“How could Luka mention her by name in a press conference? She is Mrs.
Clark, for goodness’ sake! Doesn’t he fear Matthew at all?”
“It seems that Luka is going all out with this one.
Well, at least we can be assured that nothing happened between him and Stella.
Otherwise, he would be strapped to a hospital bed right now, instead of holding a press conference.
”
“Isn’t he supposed to attend an upcoming awards ceremony? According to my sources, he is set to win the Best Actor Award.
I wonder if the recent rumors would affect that.
”
Meanwhile, Stella stared at the screen and swallowed the lump of emotion in her throat.
She took a deep breath as her hands slowly clenched into fists.
Luka had done it for her.
She couldn’t possibly let him down.
It didn’t take long before the Internet crashed in light of Luka’s press conference.
Netizens were discussing it on almost every platform, and everyone had something different to say.
“Luka is putting his career at stake.
Only a fool would keep saying that he’s the third party to a married couple now.
”
“Luka is a brilliant actor, and he’s constantly working on a project.
And yet, he took some time out of his busy schedule to clarify such a baseless rumor.
Whoever started it should just go to hell.
”
“He is my favorite actor.
Luka is so brave and kindhearted.
It’s only right that he should stand up against cybercrimes and see that those bullies are punished.
”
When the dust settled down, every single article about the night that Luka and Stella had allegedly spent together disappeared online.
Rose relayed this to Elizabeth.
She had thought that the latter would explode in anger, but Elizabeth only kept watching Luka’s press conference.
“So he’s willing to risk everything for that bitch, Stella.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She closed the video and tossed her phone aside.
“Luckily, I still have Plan B.
”
“That video?” Rose asked in a quiet voice.
Elizabeth nodded.
“That’s right.
But I’m not in a hurry.
I won’t leak it to the public just yet.
”
“When will you do it, then?”
Elizabeth’s face darkened, and her lips curled into a menacing smile.
“When everything else is in place, and all that is left is to deal them a fatal blow.
”
Something else occurred to her then, and she abruptly turned to Rose.
Rose instinctively flinched out of fright.
“What is it?”
A hint of cruel malice flashed in Elizabeth’s eyes.
“You won’t betray me at the most crucial moment, will you?”
###chapter1333
“No, of course not.
” Rose shook her head in earnest and waved her had in front of her face.
Elizabeth narrowed her eyes and studied her for a moment, before finally looking away with a smile.
“Good.
If you betray me Like Elin did, I’ll be sure to make the rest of your life a living hell.
”
All the color drained from Rose’s face, and she trembled where she stood.
“You may leave Seamarsh for the time being,” Elizabeth said without even looking at Rose.
“Don’t come back without my permission.
”
“Okay…”
Inside the emergency department of a hospital in North city, Breck finally caught sight of Matthew being pushed out on a stretcher.
Matthew’s face was ghostly pale, a clear sign of too much blood loss.
It was a sight Breck had never seen before.
Matthew looked so fragile.
It scared him.
Quickly, he approached the doctor, asking, “Doctor, how is he doing?”
“The wound required 23 stitches.
Luckily, his internal organs were unharmed.
With proper rest, he should recover well.
”
“Thank God.
I’m relieved to hear he’s going to be okay.
” Breck rushed to Matthew’s side.
To his surprise, Matthew was fully conscious, which startled him again.
Turning to the doctor, he asked, “Didn’t you use general anesthesia?”
The doctor shook his head.
“He refused general anesthesia.
”
“Breck,” Matthew called out.
“What can I do for you, Mr.
Clark?”
“Just be quiet,” Matthew barely whispered, eyes shut.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Breck realized then that they were still in the hallway.
He apologized and helped the nurse move Matthew into his room.
The doctor gave them a brief rundown of what to do and what not to do before leaving.
The room fell into such silence one could hear a pin drop.
Matthew seemed to drift off with his eyes closed.
Breck remained motionless by the bed, afraid to disturb the quiet.
“Breck.
” Matthew’s voice broke the silence.
Breck moved quickly and paid close attention to what he was saying.
Even though someone had taken good care of Matthew’s injury and the cut was cleaned up, it was still pretty long.
Talking might have just made it worse.
He paused for a bit, then said, “Get me a ticket back to Seamarsh immediately.
”
Stella had called, sounding alright, but he couldn’t shake off his worry.
Since he could receive the email without knowing who it was from, the sender could send it to Stella.
###chapter1334
Furthermore, Fernando had mentioned that Leo had disappeared.
ALL of this was too much for Matthew, making it impossible for him to stay any longer.
So, he wanted to be with Stella as soon as he could.
Breck understood there was no changing Matthew’s mind, so he agreed.
The next plane to Seamarsh would leave in three hours.
After spending an hour resting at the hospital, Matthew hurried off to the airport.
Stella spent the night restless in her bed, struggling to get any sleep.
Just as she was about to head downstairs for a glass of water, the sound of a car pulling up and the front door opening caught her off guard.
Startled, she moved to the window and drew the curtains aside.
The headlights were so bright she couldn’t even see the license plate.
Matthew was away on business in the North city, so it couldn’t be him.
Holding her phone, Stella cautiously stepped down the stairs and into the Living room.
Upon seeing a familiar shape, she froze for a moment before rushing down.
“Why are you here?” Stella threw herself into his arms, but he groaned in pain.
She quickly pulled away and looked at Matthew, whose face was extremely pale.
He tried to smile and said “I missed you too much.
I came back as soon as I finished my work.
”
Observing the strained smile on his face, she felt a pang of concern.
Guiding him to the sofa, she asked, “What’s wrong with you? Are you feeling okay? You’re not well, are you? Shouldn’t you be resting, especially if you’re unwell? Why hurry back in the dead of night?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I’m okay.
” Matthew tried to conceal it from her, but having recently undergone surgery, his wound still needed time to heal.
It drained almost all his energy just to say a single word.
His voice was so faint that Stella couldn’t help but doubt his reassurance.
She reached to check his fever, then lifted his shirt, revealing the bandaged wound on his abdomen.
“Matthew? What happened?” Tears welled up in her eyes.
“Why are you hurt?”
Matthew held her hand gently and assured her, saying, “It’s just a small injury.
”
Stella bit her lip, concerned, and said, “It looks serious.
Couldn’t you have rested a couple more days before coming back?”
She realized then that he had been injured when she had called him.
Having seen the guilty expression on her face, he smiled and gently squeezed her cheek.
“I’m really okay.
It’s all taken care of.
Seeing you makes me happy.
I don’t feel any pain from the wound.
”
He paused, then added, “Leo has escaped.
You need to be extra cautious for a while.
”
###chapter1335
“Escaped?” Stella was taken aback.
Matthew’s expression turned serious.
“If it weren’t for the complications with the project in the North city, he wouldn’t have had the chance to run.
”
Sensing his frustration and seeing the weariness on his face made Stella empathize with him.
She reassured him, “Don’t worry.
The truth always finds its way.
He won’t get away with it.
”
A black limo stopped at the door of Kallari Club.
The door to the driver’s seat opened slowly and Fernando got out.
He glanced briefly at the sign of the club before opening the backseat door and taking out a small box.
Then, holding the box in his hands, he entered the club.
The club was not very popular in Seamarsh.
It was certainly not to have a drink or to have a good time that Fernando had come here.
He just came to meet a woman.
No sooner had he walked into the club than his eyes fell on a woman on the stage.
The woman wore a s@xy outfit and slowly took off her clothes.
The woman was Rose.
After Matthew came to Seamarsh, he instructed Fernando to find Rose.
Fortunately, she hadn’t moved out of Seamarsh yet and Fernando didn’t have much difficulty finding her.
The man walked to a seat close to the stage and sat there, quietly watching Rose’s performance.
‘s BunnyBookery
At the pinnacle of her performance, Rose received excited cheers from the crowd.
As for Fernando, he tipped her a few bucks before going the manager to ask for a private discussion with Rose.
After everything was settled, Rose went to the box where Fernando was waiting for her.
She couldn’t see the man’s face clearly at first because of the dim light.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Elizabeth had asked Rose to leave Seamarsh, but Rose couldn’t.
She needed money.
How could she sustain herself if she moved to a foreign land?
After considering all that, Rose decided to secretly stay in Seamarsh.
She disguised herself with heavy makeup so no one would recognize her.
She was also careful to stay away from places where Elizabeth might be.
With such precautions, Rose was sure that she would not be discovered.
Since Rose worked as a stripper at the club, this was the first time she received such a big tip.
So, when the manager told her that the client who tipped her was asking to see her, she didn’t think twice and came right away.
Several thoughts passed through Rose’s mind as she walked to the table.
When finally, she clearly saw the face of the man sitting at the table, a look of shock appeared on her face.
Her first thought was to turn around and run.
Of course she recognized Fernando.
She had seen him pick up Stella on the set before.
“Rose! If you walk through that door, I can’t guarantee you’ll be able to see the sunrise tomorrow,” Fernando called out.
###chapter1336
Rose was already holding the doorknob.
Upon hearing Fernando’s words, she immediately stopped in her tracks.
Her whole body froze and her mind went blank for a second.
She hesitated for a moment, and finally turned around.
“Did Stella send you here? I know nothing.
Don’t waste your time.
”
Fernando simply ignored what she said and asked, “Did you drug Stella?
This is your chance to confess.
I advise you to tell me the truth.
”
Rose shook her head firmly.
“No, I didn’t.
Stella has always been jealous of Elizabeth and she framed us.
I know nothing.
”
It seemed that Fernando had expected her to say this.
Looking at Rose indifferently, he put the box on the table and opened it.
Then, he turned it towards her.
The box was full of cash.
Rose’s eyes widened in shock and confusion, and she looked at the man perplexedly.
“Here is 2 million dollars.
All you need to do is tell me what happened that day, and the money is yours,” Fernando said calmly.
He glanced at her clothes.
She wore a very ordinary outfit and a coat to cover herself.
“You need money.
Otherwise, you wouldn’t be working here,” Fernando added with the same calm demeanor.
After saying that, he leaned back leisurely on the sofa, waiting for her to make a decision.
Rose couldn’t take her eyes off the money.
She was really tempted to agree to his offer.
‘s BunnyBookery
However, when she thought of Elizabeth’s threat, she was overwhelmed with fear and her whole body trembled.
In Dorburn, she had witnessed first-hand how ruthless Elizabeth was.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Anyone who betrayed Elizabeth would meet a terrible end.
Rose had no one to rely on.
Even if she took the money, she would have nowhere to hide once the matter was exposed, as Elizabeth would track her down.
Sooner or later, Elizabeth would find and kill her.
Fernando waited for a long time, but he still didn’t get her answer.
Finally, he decided to raise the offer.
“5 million! Don’t be too greedy, or you will come to no good end.
I’m sure you understand that, right?”
Of course, Rose got the subtle warning in his words.
However, she didn’t have the guts to offend Elizabeth.
“I really want to help, but I’m a nobody.
I can’t fight against you or Elizabeth.
Please let me go.
If you want the truth, just go and find Elizabeth.
” After saying that, she turned around and left the room.
This time, Fernando didn’t stop her.
However, that didn’t mean he intended to let her go.
He pulled out his phone and dialed a number.
As soon as the other person answered the call, Fernando ordered, “Follow her and find an opportunity to strike again.
”
In Pinster Hospital…
###chapter1337
Benny’s recovery had progressed remarkably.
Satisfied with his condition, the doctor advised, “You’re free to leave the hospital now.
Just remember, take it easy once you’re home.
Don’t hasten the rehabilitation; your body needs time to regain its strength.
”
“Thank you, Doctor,” Flossie responded with a relieved smile, grateful for the positive news.
As the doctor departed, Flossie returned to the ward and began packing.
“I’ve found a nice apartment for us.
It’ll be our haven once you’re discharged.
”
“Okay,” Benny replied with his usual indifference, a demeanor Flossie had grown accustomed to over time.
Completing the discharge formalities, Flossie wheeled a chair over.
“Even though you can walk now, the doctor recommended not rushing things.
It’s safer to use the wheelchair.
”
“No, thanks,” Benny declined, attempting to stand with the support of the bed.
Understanding his stubbornness, Flossie let him be, placing the wheelchair aside.
She approached him, offering her support.
Benny’s gaze fell on her hand, and she, too, noticed it.
Flossie instinctively tightened her grip on his hand, a subconscious fear lingering that he might resist her touch.
To her surprise, Benny said nothing, allowing her to assist him.
Relief washed over Flossie, though she kept it hidden within.
At the hospital entrance, a taxi awaited their arrival.
With gentle assistance, she guided Benny into the car before settling in beside him.
Before they reached their destination, the sky darkened with ominous clouds looming overhead.
Suddenly, bean-sized raindrops pelted the windows, and within moments, a torrential downpour engulfed the surroundings as if the heavens had opened up.
The taxi driver, perturbed by the unpredictable weather, lamented, “Rain again.
Quite heavy.
I’m concerned we might encounter a traffic jam ahead.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
A hushed silence settled between Flossie and Benny.
Both stared out the window in quiet contemplation.
Abruptly, the car came to a halt.
Flossie suspected a traffic jam, but scanning the road revealed no cars in sight.
“Is something wrong, Sir?” she inquired softly.
Attempting to restart the car, the driver admitted, “It seems we’ve got a breakdown.
Miss, could your boyfriend lend a hand and help push the car?”
Flossie hesitated.
Considering Benny’s still-recovering legs, how could he assist?
As the rain intensified, the urgency to resolve the situation grew.
If the car remained stalled, they would be trapped.
“I’ll assist.
He’s still in recovery.
” Flossie swiftly opened the door and exited the vehicle.
She moved with such swiftness that Benny had no chance to intervene.
###chapter1338
As he gazed at her retreating figure, he sat in silence.
“Your girlfriend truly cares for you,” remarked the driver while attempting to restart the car.
“Such genuine concern is rare.
You should cherish her.
”
Benny withdrew his hand, remaining silent.
Out of the car, Flossie discovered the rain was more relentless than anticipated, obscuring her vision.
Wiping raindrops from her face, she approached the back of the car, placing her hands against it and exerting all her strength.
Suddenly, Flossie sensed the rain easing around her.
Looking up, she found an umbrella shielding her.
Benny, holding the umbrella, gazed at her.
His cold demeanor persisted as he said, “Stop.
We can hail another taxi.
”
“Get back in the car.
Don’t worry about me; it’ll start soon.
”
The moment Flossie concluded her sentence, Benny seized her wrist and guided her forward.
Concerned, she hurriedly cautioned, “Slow down, your legs… It’s slippery in the rain.
”
Benny held her hand in silence, continuing to walk.
Worried about aggravating his injury, Flossie reluctantly followed.
Having spent time with Benny, she understood his character better.
Uncertain why he was upset, Flossie explained, “I just wanted to help…”
Benny stared at her coldly.
“Why must you always worry about others?
Can’t you just focus on taking care of me?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Well…” Flossie responded in a hushed tone.
Without uttering another word, Benny guided her towards the convenience store, seeking shelter from the rain.
Beneath the protective eaves, they stood together.
Flossie lowered her gaze, feeling the firm grip of Benny’s hand in hers.
Her lips pursed, and her heart quickened its pace.
As the rain began to subside, Flossie hailed a taxi once more.
The dampness from the earlier rain made her tremble in the wind.
Flossie crossed her arms, rubbing them for warmth.
Suddenly, she felt a coat being dr@ped over her shoulders.
Turning to see, she found a sleek black coat resting on her.
When she glanced at the man beside her, Benny swiftly averted his gaze.
Flossie couldn’t help but chuckle.
“You do care about me.
”
###chapter1339
“You’re overthinking it.
I just don’t want to lose my way to the new apartment if something happens to you.
”
“You’re lying.
”
Flossie smiled, wrapping herself in the warmth of the coat.
Eventually, they made their way back to their new home.
Flossie opened the door, inviting Benny inside.
“How do you find it?
Are you pleased with our new home?”
Benny surveyed the surroundings, quirking his lips.
The apartment was adorned in shades of pink, with pictures of Flossie adorning the walls.
Flossie strolled over to Benny with a hopeful gleam in her eyes.
“So, what do you think?”
Benny sidestepped her question.
“You did all this?”
He gestured towards the photo wall.
“Yeah, I picked each one carefully,” Flossie confirmed with a grin.
She had aimed for perfection in every snap, hoping to impress Benny.
Expecting compliments, she watched him approach the wall and start removing photos, one by one.
“I’m not into all this flashy stuff,” he remarked, poker-faced.
Flossie’s smile faltered, tears welling up instantly.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She clenched her fists, fighting back the urge to cry.
It felt too awkward to break down over something so trivial in front of Benny.
But she got where he was coming from.
They were just friends.
He wasn’t into her like that, so naturally, he wouldn’t want reminders of her all over his place.
She’d rushed things, hoping he’d fall for her pronto.
Once she composed herself, Flossie began taking down the photos, one by one.
As Benny held the last one, he glanced at Flossie, silent.
Then he headed into the bathroom, the sound of running water filling the air.
Watching the bathroom door, Flossie remained rooted to the spot.
She figured Benny wouldn’t stand for a pink room, given his vibe.
###chapter1340
Realizing this, she cursed her past decisions.
After stashing the photos, Flossie settled in the living room, pondering her next move.
But before she could sort it out, the bathroom went quiet.
Never having been alone with a guy in this situation, Flossie suddenly felt jittery and was unsure how to face him.
She waited but there was no sign of Benny.
Concerned, she hurried over, rapping on the door.
“Benny, everything cool? Need a hand?”
No answer.
‘s BunnyBookery
Brow furrowed, she pressed, “If you’re not talking, I’m coming in With a push, the door gave way.
Inside, Benny sat near the bathroom.
It looked as if he’d slipped reaching for a towel.
He was rubbing his ankle.
Seeing he was okay, Flossie let out a sigh.
Handing him a towel, she couldn’t help but sneak a glance.
Despite his time in bed, his physique remained solid.
Each ab was like a work of art.
Benny wrapped himself in the towel, catching her gaze.
His expression darkened.
“You done staring? Get out!”
Caught off guard, Flossie found herself speechless, eyes fixed on his body.
She flushed, feeling utterly mortified.
“I took care of you every day when you were out cold.
What’s the big deal?” she mumbled, attempting to justify.
“out!” Benny snapped, his face twisted in an unnatural grimace.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
That night, they didn’t share a room like they had in the hospital ward.
They slept apart.
After a long day’s journey, Flossie hit the hay and drifted off.
Benny, however, tossed and turned, unable to find rest.
Since waking up, he’d been pondering his failure and plotting revenge.
But he needed a partner in crime.
Flossie alone wouldn’t cut it.
He needed someone with more clout to help him reclaim what Matthew had taken.
But it wasn’t the right time.
He wasn’t fully recovered yet.
He needed to bide his time, gather his strength.
Ideally, he’d settle everything before Matthew’s wedding.
Benny clenched his fists, seething with resentment.
Why should Matthew get to be happy while he suffered?
###chapter1341
As he mulled over this, a fleeting thought crossed his mind, stirring something deep within him.
He tried to grasp it, but it slipped away, leaving him with nothing.
The next morning, Stella woke up to find an empty spot where Matthew should’ve been snoring away.
She yanked the blanket off and dashed to the bathroom, hoping he was in there.
Nope, no Matthew.
“Matthew?” Stella scoured the second floor, but nothing.
Panic started creeping in as she realized she’d slept like a log and had no clue when Matthew vanished.
What if something was up with his injury again?
She shut down that line of thought real quick, dialed Matthew’s number, and hoofed it downstairs.
But just as she was about to hit “call,” a whiff of coffee hit her.
She bolted to the kitchen, finding Matthew brewing a pot.
With a sigh of relief, she snatched the coffee from him.
“You’re hurt, remember? No coffee for you.
”
Matthew jumped at her sudden appearance, watching as she dumped the coffee.
“Fine, no coffee,” he said, chuckling weakly.
He still looked wiped out from the journey and his injury was giving him grief.
He wanted to get energized with some coffee.
Stella’s worry meter was off the charts.
“I’ll warm up some milk for you.
We’re staying put today.
And if you’re not feeling better, I’m calling the doctor.
I can’t relax otherwise.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew shook his head, mustering a weak smile.
“If you don’t head to the set now, troublemakers might stir things up.
I’m alright, just a bit banged up.
A few days’ rest, and I’ll be good as new.
”
Stella got where he was coming from; she’d been swamped lately.
She compromised, nodding.
“I’ll go once you’ve had breakfast.
And if you’re not feeling right, you better call me.
”
“Deal.
”
After breakfast, Stella helped Matthew to his room.
Once she’d freshened up, it was off to the film crew for her.
But before she could skedaddle, Matthew halted her.
“Hey, babe, sorry you’re caught in the middle of all this.
It’ll clear up soon, I promise.
”
“I’m good,” Stella reassured him with a smile.
“I trust the truth will surface before long.
”
Watching her leave, he reached for the bedside table, popping a painkiller before closing his eyes, trying to stave off the discomfort.
After a moment, he pulled himself up, heading to the study.
Dialing Fernando, he got straight to business.
###chapter1342
mind, she knows how to reach us.
”
Matthew’s expression darkened.
“Rose is crucial right now.
We’ve got to ensure she’s safe, no matter what.
”
“Yes, Sir.
How you feeling? Better?” Fernando inquired, eyeing Matthew closely.
“Should I ring up the doctor for you?”
“No, I’ll tough it out for now,” Matthew replied casually.
“I’ve been absent from the office these past couple of days.
Any urgent stuff, just shoot it my way.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Got it.
Take care, alright? Got some bigwig clients swinging by Prosperity Group to ink deals in a few days.
I’ll swing by to scoop you up,” Fernando assured him.
Stella swung by the set.
Surprisingly, Elizabeth was nowhere in sight, maybe because Luka’s bombshell had her reeling.
Seizing the opportunity, Stella got down to her own business in the dressing room.
She was itching to clear her name but knew she couldn’t rush it.
Plus, with Matthew nursing an injury, she didn’t want to stress him out more.
Patience was key.
Post-show, Elizabeth was still on the hunt for Stella.
Flagging down a crew member, she inquired, “Where’s Stella? How’s she holding up today?”
“She’s been holed up in her room since she got here.
”
A smirk played on Elizabeth’s Lips.
Everything was falling into place.
Seemed like Stella had lost her mojo.
As Elizabeth pondered, a staffer approached with her phone.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Elizabeth, you’ve got a call.
”
She frowned, seeing an unknown number flash on the screen.
She frowned, seeing an unknown number flash on the screen.
Answering cautiously, she was met with a familiar voice on the other end.
“Well, well, Miss Wallace.
Long time no chat.
”
It was Leo!
Elizabeth snapped to attention immediately.
She knew if Leo was reaching out now, it couldn’t be good news.
“Elizabeth, hey! Are you even listening?” Leo’s patience wore thin as he waited for her response.
Elizabeth shook off her daze and moved aside.
“Where are you right now?”
She recalled how the last time Leo had an accident, Matthew’s people had rushed him to the hospital.
###chapter1343
“You don’t need to know that.
I’m safe,” Leo answered hurriedly.
“But I’m a bit short on cash.
Can you lend me some? I need two mil.
And if that’s not enough, I’ll hit you up again.
”
“Are you serious?” Elizabeth’s voice rose, scanning her surroundings instinctively.
Seeing no one paying attention, she continued, “I don’t have that kind of money on me right now.
”
Leo chuckled.
“Stop playing games.
You’re a Wallace, for crying out loud.
How can you not scr@pe together two million? You just don’t want to give it to me.
And if you don’t, I can’t promise what I might do.
Remember, I’m a lawyer too, so don’t push me!”
Elizabeth took a deep breath, suppressing her anger.
It wouldn’t do to start a fight with Leo right now.
After a two-second pause, she asked, “How do you expect me to get you that money?”
Leo shot back, “I’ll send you an account number.
Just wire the cash there.
”
Elizabeth agreed with indifference.
As she was about to end the call, she heard a commotion from Leo’s end.
She furrowed her brow and inquired, “Are you at the casino?”
“No, I am not,” Leo denied, though his tone hinted at some unease.
With a knowing grin, Elizabeth was certain he was dodging Matthew at the casino.
He must’ve been on a gambling streak, hence why he sought her out.
A sudden idea struck Elizabeth.
“I can toss more cash your way but you must do me a favor.
”
Curious, Leo took the bait.
“What’s the deal?”
“Help me take care of someone.
” Elizabeth’s tone remained casual, as if discussing lunch options.
But Leo was taken aback, his voice trembling, “You want to do what?
Kill someone? Liz, you’re out of your mind.
It’s illegal, I can’t do that.
Just give me the two million.
”
Elizabeth scoffed, “Leo, do you really think you’re in a position to negotiate? You’re in deep now.
Refuse, and you won’t see a penny.
Mull it over.
”
Despite Rose leaving Seamarsh, Elizabeth’s worries lingered.
Only the dead could not speak.
Rose had to be taken care of.
“What the hell, Elizabeth?” Leo demanded, anger seeping into his tone.
“I’ve got the video of you assaulting Stella.
Think Matthew will let you off easy if he sees it? He’ll hunt you down wherever you hide.
You really think you’re safe in the casino?” Elizabeth’s words were sharp.
“You took the video?” Leo’s nerves were frayed but he still held on to his rationale.
“I won’t ever agree to murder.
Even with Matthew breathing down my neck, I won’t budge.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Is that so?” Elizabeth’s tone turned icy, her gaze piercing.
“Then you won’t get squat.
”
With that, she ended the call.
Elizabeth pulled out the SIM card and chucked it down the drain.
Since the day her supposed father had made advances, she realized trust was a luxury.
If she didn’t play hardball, she’d be the one getting played.
And that wasn’t happening on her watch.
“Elizabeth,” Luther called out.
“Time to shoot.
What’re you standing around for?”
Elizabeth plastered on a smile and replied, “Coming, Luther.
”
In that moment, she caught Stella’s slight grin as she prepared clothes.
She murmured, “Stella, your days are numbered.
”
###chapter1344
Elizabeth was always true to her word.
The next morning, a silent film starring Stella and Leo took the internet by storm.
The footage was rather mortifying.
Upon hearing the news, Matthew promptly headed to the study to address the issue.
Stella had a peaceful night’s sleep, but upon waking, she noticed Matthew’s absence from the room once more, furrowing her brows.
She got up and made her way downstairs.
Upon hearing sounds from the kitchen, she assumed Matthew was preparing breakfast, so she had headed straight there.
To her surprise, Erin was the one in the kitchen.
Upon noticing Stella, Erin seemed taken aback and said, “Mrs.
Clark, what brings you down so early? Breakfast is ready.
Would you care to eat?”
Stella’s face creased with suspicion, thinking Erin had helped Matthew keep a secret from her.
She fixed her eyes on Erin and asked gently, “Where’s Matthew? He’s not in our bedroom.
Did you notice him leave?”
“Mr.
Clark is in the study,” Erin answered with caution.
Stella was baffled as to why he would be in the study so early again.
Could there be trouble at the company again?
Feeling uneasy, Stella said, “I’ll join him for breakfast once he’s down.
Also, could w
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
e stick to lighter meals for a bit?”
“Sure.
” Erin had almost let out a sigh of relief before watching Stella head towards the living room.
As Stella reached for the remote control, intending to switch on the TV, Erin intervened, “Mrs.
Clark.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“What is it?” Stella asked, furrowing her brows.
After hesitating and flashing a strained smile, Erin said, “Actually, Mr.
Clark mentioned earlier that you should go ahead and eat without him.
He insisted you shouldn’t wait.
”
“No worries.
It’s still early.
I’d rather wait for him,” Stella said, reaching for the TV remote again.
Erin interjected again and said, “Mrs.
Clark, could you check with Mr.
Clark about his dining plans? I need to know for preparations.
”
After a moment’s thought, Stella set down the remote.
“Alright.
I’ll go see him in the study.
”
With that, she went upstairs again.
Erin watched her leave, patting her chest in relief, thankful she hadn’t let anything slip.
She swiftly hid the remote control.
Approaching the study, Stella pushed at the door, surprised to find it locked.
###chapter1345
Taken aback, she knocked.
“Who is it?” Matthew’s serious voice came from inside.
“It’s me.
Are you coming to breakfast?” Stella asked.
Matthew’s tone grew softer, though a thread of stress lingered.
“I’m in the middle of something critical.
Please, start breakfast without Stella sensed something was off but chose not to voice her concerns.
Given the complexities surrounding the North city project and Matthew’s recent injury necessitating rest at home, she figured he must be preoccupied with work.
Just as Stella was about to head back downstairs, her phone rang.
Miley was calling.
She quickly answered the phone, saying, “Miley, what’s up with calling so early?”
“Stella.
“ Miley seemed to struggle, pausing before asking, “Are you alright?”
Confused, Stella said, “I’m good.
Just woke up.
Planning to head to the set after getting ready.
What’s going on?”
From Stella’s response, Miley realized she hadn’t seen the video yet.
Instead of elaborating, Miley simply said, “Please, stay home today.
Don’t ask why.
Just trust me.
”
Confused by Miley’s vague warning, Stella was about to ask further when she noticed the door unlocking behind her.
Turning, she saw Matthew, his face a mix of exhaustion and irritation that he hadn’t fully masked.
Their eyes met, and Stella instantly knew something wasn’t right.
“Alright, Miley.
I’ve got to go.
Don’t worry about me,” she hurriedly assured her friend before ending the call.
Facing Matthew, Stella’s frown deepened as she said, “Matthew, what’s going on?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew stayed quiet, pressing his lips together.
Stella said slowly, “Miley just called me, advising me not to step outside.
Has something happened? Is it related to me?”
The silence from Matthew only deepened Stella’s suspicion.
With a heavy sigh, Stella said with determination, “You need to tell me what’s going on, or I’ll head out and find out myself.
”
After a moment’s hesitation, Matthew realized the seriousness of her threat and decided to tell her the truth.
“The missing video from the set has surfaced online.
But don’t worry, our PR team is on it.
It’ll be removed from the internet shortly.
”
###chapter1346
Stella, alarmed, quickly reached for her phone.
Matthew, however, swiftly took her phone and embraced her.
“There’s no need for you to see that.
I’ll ensure those videos are taken down promptly.
”
“I need to see it for myself.
” Stella gave him a stubborn Look, clearly not ready to back down.
Eventually, Matthew had to give in.
The PR team of Prosperity Group did their best to stop the video from spreading, but some clips remained online.
Stella found and watched those videos, and the lack of sound made them even more unsettling.
The comment section was filled with harsh words.
Stella shut her eyes and stood frozen.
Matthew wrapped his arms around her, offering comfort with his words.
“You’re the victim here.
This isn’t your fault.
Try to ignore it.
I’ll take care of it as quickly as I can.
”
He looked down, observing the expression on Stella’s face with a heavy heart, wondering why she had to endure such exposure online.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Right then, her phone began to ring.
Stella stepped away from Matthew’s embrace to answer the call.
Luther’s voice, soft yet urgent, came through.
“Stella, you need to get to the set as quickly as you can.
”
Stella kept quiet.
Luther seemed real mad from the way he hung up.
Matthew overheard.
“Hold up.
I’ll sort Luther out.
Take a few days off, chill at home, then we’ll chat when this blows over.
”
Stella shook her head.
“I must go to the set.
”
Matthew frowned but before he could speak, Stella beat him to it.
“I’m innocent.
If I back off, they’ll think I did it,” Stella said firmly.
“Got to face it head-on.
Whether they believe me or not, I’m setting things straight.
”
Matthew didn’t want her dealing with this alone but knew she wouldn’t budge.
He gripped her hand.
“I’ll drop you off at work after breakfast.
”
“Alright,” Stella agreed.
###chapter1347
She wished Matthew could be there, boost her morale.
They reached the film set.
Many staff were off, making it quiet.
Stella told Matthew to wait outside the meeting room.
She pushed the door open.
Inside the meeting room, it wasn’t just Luther.
The main actors and a few staff were there too.
When Stella walked in, the vibe was heavy.
Luther looked stern, Luka appeared worried, and Elizabeth seemed smug.
Stella approached Luther calmly, facing him.
“Seen today’s headlines?” he asked.
“Yes.
” Stella nodded.
“I can explain.
Leo snuck into the set that day.
He tried to assault me and filmed it.
I’m calling the cops to clear this up.
”
But Luther’s expression stayed tough.
Elizabeth butted in.
“Stella, no need for the act.
Online sleuths found out Leo’s your ex.
You two alone in a room…”
She smirked.
“Maybe you’re still into him, having a rendezvous in there?”
“What’s in it for me?” Stella stayed cool.
Elizabeth was ready.
She glanced at her nails, unimpressed.
“Well, Luther replaced you.
You’re out for revenge, hoping to tank his movie before it even drops.
You’ve seen the gossip about the film online, right? You’re wrecking all our hard work.
”
After that, everyone in the room, except Luka, shot Stella icy stares.
Luther’s face went even paler.
He slammed the table hard.
“Stella, you’ve really let me down!”
He locked eyes with her.
“I’ve always admired you.
Your acting and fashion sense, they impres
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
His anger made his face turn red.
“The movie isn’t even out yet, but it’s getting bad reviews.
The sponsor called this morning, threatening to pull out.
Because of you, the whole crew’s efforts might be wasted.
Ever thought about fixing this?”
Stella frowned, shaking her head.
“Luther, it’s not on me.
Just give me time.
I’ll dig into it.
”
“Dig into it?” His tone was icy.
“How exactly? I’m not sure if I can even afford to keep filming.
Best bet is for you to bail out now, and we’ll scrub your name from the credits to calm things down.
”
Elizabeth’s eyes gleamed, though she tried to hide her grin.
Stella chewed her lip, brainstorming.
Then, the meeting room door creaked open.
“Sorry to butt in,” Matthew said, stone-faced.
Matthew walked in, his commanding presence instantly quieting the room and capturing everyone’s attention.
Luther’s brows knitted together as he realized Matthew’s presence was likely to support Stella in her fight for justice.
###chapter1348
Given the buzz online, trying to hush things up wouldn’t spare their movie from the fallout.
Stella, caught off guard by Matthew’s arrival, pulled at his sleeve and murmured, “Please, go outside.
I can manage on my own.
”
With a reassuring smile, Matthew silently told her to stay calm.
Stella bit her lip, puzzled about his intentions.
Turning to Luther, Matthew stated, “I have faith in my wife.
She’s the one wronged here, and I’m here to clear her name.
I was the one who found Stella that day and got her away from the set, and our family doctor has her medical report.
”
The room fell into a shocked silence.
Luther’s face softened slightly, but he cautioned Matthew, “You’re Stella’s husband, Mr.
Clark.
Your words alone can’t serve as proof.
And even if we did take your word for it, what then? The way things are going online, you could get dragged into this mess too.
”
Matthew fixed Luther with a frosty look.
“I’ll deal with the internet.
You don’t have to worry about that, Luther.
”
Luther opened his mouth but found himself at a loss for words.
After a moment of thought, Luther went on, “Mr.
Clark, this situation has already impacted our film, and I need to provide an explanation to the investors.
In any case, Stella can no longer be part of our team.
”
Matthew’s voice was deep and steady as he said, “If anyone drops out, I’ll step in to compensate for the losses.
Do you find that agreeable?”
Luther was momentarily taken aback by his calm demeanor.
He found no grounds to reject this proposal.
With the financial support assured, the m
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
ovie’s production could proceed without a hitch.
Given Matthew’s readiness to finance, Luther saw no reason to .
“But…” Matthew interjected suddenly.
“But what?” asked Luther.
Matthew narrowed his eyes and said, “Once I clear Stella’s name, you need to offer something in return.
”
“What kind of return?”
Glancing at Stella, Matthew replied with ease, “My wife mentioned you offered her a role alongside Elizabeth.
She’s keen on acting.
Just make good on that offer.
”
Seeing Luther consider Matthew’s idea, Elizabeth couldn’t hide her displeasure and argued, “Stella lacks acting skills, and her scandal has troubled the entire team.
Why let her off just because you’re investing?”
Luka chimed in, grinning, “The director hasn’t weighed in yet.
Why the rush, Elizabeth? Or perhaps you’ve got something to hide?”
“Are you accusing me?” Elizabeth stood tall, her voice dripping with sarcasm.
“Even you’re defending Stella.
She must be quite charming.
###chapter1349
“Enough! Shut up!” Luther banged on the table, silencing the argument.
Elizabeth shot Luka a glare, then crossed her arms and looked away.
With the room quiet, Luther turned back to Matthew.
He smiled and said, “Mr.
Clark, you have three days to sort this out.
”
Matthew met Luther’s gaze evenly.
“Have you made a decision on my request?”
Luther’s cheeky demeanor vanished as soon as the topic shifted to the film.
He studied Matthew for a moment, his expression turning serious.
“I prioritize making good movies,” he stated finally.
“If you can prove Stella’s innocence, she can remain the heroine and lead designer.
”
There was no question of Stella’s talent.
He didn’t want to lose a genius, but the scandal had to be resolved before it tarnished the film’s reputation.
He wouldn’t compromise on that.
Matthew gave a curt nod.
“Then, if that’s all, I’ll take my wife home.
”
He pivoted on his heel and walked out, Stella tucked firmly under his arm.
Luther watched them go, a thoughtful look creasing his brow.
Elizabeth, witnessing their exit, seethed with rage.
Her fist clenched tight, nails digging into her palm.
She’d intended the video to utterly destroy Stella, but instead, it had granted her breathing room.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
On reflection, though, even with time to investigate, what would Stella find? No cameras monitored the dressing room.
Sooner or later, Elizabeth would emerge victorious.
But while a video couldn’t clear Stella’s name, witnesses could.
A chilling glint entered Elizabeth’s eyes.
Leo and Rose, especially Rose, were a risk…
Slipping away from the group, Elizabeth found a secluded corner and dialed a number.
“Miss, what can I do for you?”
“Find Rose,” she commanded coldly.
“Kill her if necessary.
”
“Yes.
”
“And… Elizabeth continued, her voice dripping with malice, “Leo’s hiding in a casino in Seamarsh.
Even if you searched every one, you’d have to find him.
”
“Understood.
”
###chapter1350
After leaving the set, Matthew drove Stella straight to the police station.
“What are we doing here?” she asked, bewildered.
“To report the case,” Matthew explained.
“With the police involved, we’ll find Leo faster.
”
By nightfall, news of Leo’s wanted status flooded the internet.
Leo, having suffered a losing streak, flicked on the TV only to find his wanted notice plastered across the screen.
His luck, it seemed, had taken a turn for the worse.
Leo crumpled the cigarette in his hand.
His heart thumped with rage and regret.
He’d followed Elizabeth’s twisted plan, harassing Stella only to end up a fugitive, hiding and penniless.
He was a huge mess.
His dream of rising to the top lay in shattered pieces around him.
‘s BunnyBookery
He hurled the coffee mug at the TV.
The crash shattered the casino’s atmosphere, drawing unwanted attention.
Panic surged through him as he lowered his head, fearing recognition.
He gritted his teeth.
Desperation fueled a dark idea in his mind.
News of Stella’s incident hadn’t spread online yet, but its impact was already being felt.
Filming had to be put on hold, causing disruptions to the production schedule.
As Elizabeth was returning home, her phone rang.
It was Bella.
“I heard something happened on set.
Are you alright?” Bella’s voice was filled with concern.
Elizabeth’s expression hardened.
“I’m fine.
It’s all Stella’s fault.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The mention of Stella’s name caused Bella to pause.
This was the same girl she’d felt an inexplicable connection to earlier, someone she never imagined could be capable of such actions.
Bella had heard whispers about Stella from Elizabeth before.
She admired her talent as a designer and had even hoped to connect with her someday.
But those hopes were now dashed.
Shaking off her thoughts, Bella offered comfort to her daughter.
“Nothing has been going on in Dorburn.
Should I come to Seamarsh and help you out?”
“No, thanks,” Elizabeth declined.
“I can handle it.
Don’t worry about me.
”
The car pulled up to the villa.
“I’m home, Mom.
Goodnight.
”
With that, Elizabeth ended the call and stepped out of the car.
The bodyguard drove away, leaving her alone in the quiet street.
###chapter1351
hidden fire.
Elizabeth swung the door open and stepped inside, ready to close it behind her.
But it wouldn’t budge, blocked by something.
She scowled, then pushed the door wider, spotting Leo on the doorstep.
“Well, well, if it isn’t Miss Wallace,” Leo greeted with a smirk.
“You really did a number on me.
”
Elizabeth’s heart raced as she took a step back, eyeing him cautiously.
“What do you want?”
“Why? You forget things quickly, don’t you? You still owe me, big time.
Let’s settle the score, shall we?”
Elizabeth’s gaze hardened, but she kept her voice steady.
“Money’s all it’s about.
I’ll pay you soon.
And Matthew’s still on your tail.
You’re risking a lot being here.
”
At the mention of Matthew, Leo tensed briefly before relaxing.
“It’s not just about the money,” he snapped.
“You owe me for what Stella couldn’t provide.
”
Elizabeth stayed composed, slipping her hand into her bag and discreetly hitting record on her phone.
She put on a smile, feigning calm.
“What? Not satisfied with Stella?
Trying to drag me into your mess?”
“Don’t you dare bring up Stella! You and she ruined me! You’re all the same—bitches!”
Elizabeth felt a surge of fear at his erratic behavior.
Clenching her fists, she trembled slightly.
“Leo, calm down.
Let’s not do anything foolish.
I’ll give you what you want.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Sure, I’ll take the money.
But right now, I need more than just empty promises,” Leo muttered, his voice low.
“I need some insurance from you.
”
With a sudden shove, he pushed Elizabeth, causing her to stagger and clutch at the wall for support.
Following her into the room, Leo shut the door behind them.
Before Elizabeth could react, Leo yanked her into the room.
Forcing her onto the sofa, Leo leaned in, his actions rough and aggressive as he began to ki*s her neck.
His behavior was impulsive and disrespectful.
Elizabeth shivered, feeling a chill run down her spine.
Realizing the seriousness of the situation, she panicked and fought against him desperately.
“Help! Somebody, help!”
Feeling something cold against her waist, Elizabeth stopped shouting abruptly, looking at Leo with surprise.
###chapter1352
Leo smirked, pressing the gun against her side.
“Stay still if you value your life.
I’m not into dead bodies.
”
Elizabeth felt a surge of fear at the realization that he might actually kill her.
Suppressing her panic, she swallowed hard, trying to remain composed.
“I’U stay still, just please don’t hurt me,” she pleaded, her voice trembling, hoping to ease Leo’s guard.
Leo grinned.
“We’ll see how cooperative you are.
”
With a swift motion, Leo tore off Elizabeth’s dress.
In the quiet villa, the sound of fabric ripping filled the air.
Leo quickly removed Elizabeth’s clothes, revealing her smooth skin, which sparked a wild desire in his eyes.
He knew Elizabeth had a good figure; now, exposed, her skin’s softness was undeniable.
Instinctively, Leo reached out, surprised Elizabeth didn’t resist.
His eyebrows lifted in curiosity.
Elizabeth’s voice was low.
“If this helps you achieve what you want, can you let me go and leave Seamarsh?”
Leo pinched her nipple and wrapped it in his hand.
“As long as you make me satisfied, everything is negotiable.
”
Elizabeth hid her repulsion.
The pressure of the gun at her side forced her calm.
“Could you move the gun away? Just in case you get too excited and it goes off by accident.
I’m not ready to die.
”
Leo felt a boost in confidence from her tone.
Thus, he lowered his guard, no longer questioning her motives.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Alright.
” Setting the gun aside, he proceeded to ki*s Elizabeth with increased fervor.
“Take it easy.
Don’t rush,” she protested, pushing him back Lightly yet enticingly.
“I don’t want to be bruised.
”
At this moment, Leo’s desire was aroused.
He slowed down his movements as he heard what Elizabeth said.
Elizabeth then inquired, “What happened with Stella that day? Tell me.
”
She cleverly drew information from him, catching him off-guard.
Without hesitation, Leo confessed, “I recorded my encounter with Stella.
If I didn’t, she’d have the upper hand.
”
As he spoke, Leo felt an uncomfortable tightness in his groin.
He was adjusting his belt when Elizabeth, feigning panic, pleaded, “Slow down, please.
I’m scared it will hurt.
”
Mid-sentence, she seized the moment to kick Leo in the balls unexpectedly.
###chapter1353
“Ah!” Leo cried out in agony, tumbling away from her.
Glaring at Elizabeth, he seethed, “Bitch, how dare you play tricks on me!”
He lunged for the gun on the table, but Elizabeth was quicker.
Without a second thought, she aimed and fired at Leo.
Leo, in disbelief, clutched his stomach, struggling for words.
The pain overwhelmed him, making it impossible to form words.
“You…” He pointed at Elizabeth, then collapsed.
Elizabeth gazed down at Leo with disdain, scoffing, “You thought you could control me? Absurd!”
She then turned away, her gaze landing on her ripped clothing.
With a sigh, she gathered it, attempting to cover herself as best as she could.
At that moment, the doorbell echoed through the space.
Elizabeth approached the door with caution.
Outside, a security guard asked, “Miss, is everything alright? I heard a disturbance.
”
Elizabeth glanced back at Leo’s motionless form, quickly adopting a guise of terror.
She cowered, feigning fear.
The security guard shouted his question a few more times, but got no answer.
Sensing urgency, the guard rallied additional security and forced the door open.
They were met with a heavy scent of blood and a scene that left them in shock.
They quickly dialed 911 and discovered Elizabeth huddled in a corner.
Covered in blood and wearing tattered clothing, Elizabeth’s gaze was fixed on the floor.
“Miss,” the security guard said as he cautiously approached her.
“Are you alright?”
Elizabeth’s vacant stare seemed to gain a bit of clarity.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She paused before whispering to the security guard, “Help me.
He…
He tried to r@pe me…”
The security guard responded gently, “Miss, please explain clearly.
”
Frustration in her voice, Elizabeth replied, “It was Stella’s doing.
She convinced Leo to attack me.
She’s been envious of me ever since I took her role and has been out to ruin me.
”
The security team, moved by Elizabeth’s distressed and confused demeanor, believed her story.
Further investigation revealed that the man found bleeding in the living room was a fugitive sought after that very day, a surprising twist for those who hadn’t imagined he’d invade Elizabeth’s home.
###chapter1354
Before long, the ambulance had taken Leo away.
Galen arrived soon after, concerned.
Upon seeing Elizabeth, he dr@ped his coat over her and asked, “What happened?”
With Galen’s voice reaching her, determination settled in Elizabeth’s eyes.
She told Galen, “Take me to the police station for a statement.
I also want to hold a press conference.
”
That night, at the police station, Elizabeth was seated in a cramped interrogation room; the officers pressed her to recount the events.
Wearing an expression of innocence, she uttered tearfully, “Leo was the intruder, intent on violating me.
He threatened to shoot me if I resisted.
I had no choice but to defend myself.
”
With trembling hands, Elizabeth shielded her tear-streaked face, her sobs echoing in the room.
Concern etched across his brow, Galen queried, “Is self-defense a crime, Sir?”
“After we examined the surveillance footage from Miss Wallace’s abode, it’s evident she faced a dire threat.
While her actions are understandable, we must delve deeper.
Your confession is on record.
You’re free to go for now.
Should new developments arise, we’ll reach out.
”
“Alright.
” Galen escorted Elizabeth out of the room.
Stepping beyond the precinct’s threshold, they were met with a swarm of reporters, each armed with probing questions.
“Did Leo, the suspect in tonight’s police pursuit, break into your home and threaten you, Miss Wallace?”
“Is there a history of conflict between you and Leo?”
“Are you considering legal action against Leo?”
Elizabeth lowered her gaze, mustering her emotions before the camera.
Her eyes welled with tears, her voice heavy with sorrow.
“Leo mistook me for Stella and unleashed his fury upon me, seeking retribution for something he couldn’t obtain from her.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The reporter, perhaps oblivious to the gravity of his inquiry, drew a breath and pressed on.
“So, are you saying your ordeal tonight was all because of Stella?”
Elizabeth evaded a direct response, her voice choked with sobs.
“ALL I desire is to complete this film.
Let others resolve their private matters swiftly.
Please spare me the disruptions to my work schedule and don’t harm me.
I shudder to think what might have occurred if the bodyguard hadn’t intervened tonight.
”
She fell silent, withholding further words.
The persistent reporter was about to press on, but Galen intervened at the right moment.
“Elizabeth is clearly distressed.
It wouldn’t be fair to expect her to answer questions now.
Give her some time to recuperate.
She’ll address the media in a few days to provide clarity.
”
Observing Elizabeth’s pallor, the reporters respectfully stepped aside.
Amidst a flurry of camera flashes, Galen ushered Elizabeth into the awaiting car.
Taking the driver’s seat, he steered them away.
###chapter1355
After a lengthy drive, Galen parked the car and turned to Elizabeth, his gaze penetrating.
“There’s nobody else here.
Can you finally tell me what truly happened?”
Elizabeth’s demeanor reverted to nonchalance.
She shrugged.
“Stella’s doomed this time.
”
Her casual remark drew a furrowed brow from Galen.
His tone grave, he implored, “Tell me about tonight.
”
Elizabeth cast a casual glance his way before speaking.
“I anticipated Leo’s arrival, so I seized the opportunity to manipulate him one final time.
When I saw him, I gave him my address.
Not having a clue when he’d show, I had guards on standby.
Whatever went down tonight, well, he brought it on himself.
”
Galen’s concern grew.
“It’s too risky.
”
With a look of utter disdain, Elizabeth remarked bluntly, “I’ve known forever that Leo’s a useless waste of breath.
Wouldn’t shed a tear if he were gone, honestly.
”
At Prosper Bay, Stella tossed and turned in her sleep, her brow creased in distress.
With clenched fists, she nervously exclaimed, “No, no…”
Within the confines of her dream, she found herself in the film crew’s dressing room.
With a malicious glint in his eyes, Leo Lunged at her.
“Stella, you can’t escape.
Once I have you, Matthew will abandon you!”
“No, no…” Stella’s desperate cries echoed.
Startled by her distress, Matthew awoke.
Bathed in the soft glow of a bedside lamp, he saw her drenched in sweat, a mask of pain on her face.
Quickly rising, he reached for tissues, tenderly wiping away the sweat on her forehead.
Gently holding her hand, he reassured her, “It’s alright.
It’s all over.
”
Under his soothing touch, Stella gradually found solace, slipping back into a peaceful slumber.
Watching her with a touch of sadness, Matthew surmised that the video had deeply affected her.
Leo was an unforgivable transgressor and should rot in hell.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The memory of Leo caused Matthew’s jaw to clench with sudden intensity, casting a shadow of gloom and fierce determination over his features.
Suddenly, his phone buzzed, breaking the somber silence of the room.
Mindful of not disturbing Stella’s slumber, he hastily answered the vibrating phone.
It was a call from Fernando.
Furrowing his brow, Matthew glanced at the peacefully sleeping woman before stepping into the study.
With a cold edge to his voice, he inquired, “What’s the matter?”
“Mr.
Clark, there’s been an incident.
” Fernando spoke in an anxious tone.
“Last night, Leo visited Elizabeth’s villa.
Just now, he was rushed to the hospital for emergency treatment.
His condition is uncertain, and no one knows if he’s alive or not.
”
Matthew’s frown deepened as he questioned, “What has Elizabeth done?”
“She fired at Leo from close range.
” Fernando relayed the distressing news to Matthew.
“She’s called the police.
”
###chapter1356
Matthew narrowed his eyes, contemplating the situation.
The possibility of a woman shooting calmly and precisely in self-defense against a strong man cast doubts in his mind.
Sensing Matthew’s silence, Fernando sought guidance.
“Mr.
Clark, what should be our next move?”
Regaining focus, Matthew spoke in a hushed tone.
“Given the circumstances, we’ll have to navigate through this unpredictably.
Elizabeth has garnered public support.
Clarifying the situation won’t be effective, but there’s someone who could assist us.
Rose.
”
Recognizing the gravity of the situation, Fernando assured, “I’ll find Rose as soon as possible.
”
The following morning, Stella, waking up, noticed Matthew’s absence.
Descending the stairs, she switched on the TV.
The news immediately presented the interview with Elizabeth from the previous night at the police station.
The reporter shared, “Elizabeth claims Leo’s intrusion resulted from the conflict between him and Stella, implicating her in the process.
”
Stella couldn’t bear to Listen any longer.
The final spark of hope in her heart crumbled.
She had thought she could confront Leo and take control of the situation.
She hadn’t anticipated that Leo would be in jeopardy just that night.
Stella powered on her phone.
News about Elizabeth inundated every platform, with praise showered upon her for her fearlessness and bravery.
Additionally, several production teams officially announced their plans for future collaborations with Elizabeth.
Descending the stairs, Matthew spotted Stella seated on the sofa.
When he heard the TV news, a frown creased his brow, prompting him to reach over and switch off the television.
Seating beside Stella, he retrieved her phone.
“Don’t dwell on the news.
We’ll find a resolution for all of this.
”
With tearful eyes, Stella looked up, confessing, “I don’t know what to do now.
”
Throughout the years, she had navigated var
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
elations crises with finesse, but at this moment, she felt lost.
Comforting her, Matthew enveloped her in his arms.
“Don’t worry.
I’ve dispatched my team to find Rose.
We’ll locate her.
Don’t let online opinions affect you.
Those who support you will speak up on your behalf.
”
Stella pressed her lips together tightly and remained silent.
“Let’s have something to eat first.
” Matthew attempted to divert her attention.
“I need to head to the office later.
You stay at home, alright?”
Upon hearing this, Stella glanced at his abdomen and expressed concern.
“Your wound hasn’t fully healed yet.
”
“Don’t worry.
I’ll be back in no time.
” Stella planted a ki*s on her forehead to offer comfort and led her to the dining room.
After they both finished breakfast, Stella escorted Matthew to the door.
Returning to the living room, she settled back into her seat.
Before long, the doorbell chimed She stood up and opened the door, asking, “Did you forget something?”
As she swung the door open, Stella was taken aback.
Standing before her wasn’t Matthew but Lucia and Waldo.
###chapter1357
Stella blinked twice and held her breath for a second.
It was very rare for Lucia and Waldo to come to Prosper Bay, especially Waldo.
No doubt, their presence here was due to the news on the Internet.
The news, having spread like wildfire, had surely gotten to them.
Uneasy, Stella swallowed hard, wondering how she was going to explain herself to them.
Smiling awkwardly, she greeted them, “Welcome, Grandpa, Grandma.
What brought you here?”
“We came to see you,” Lucia replied emotionlessly.
Stella stepped forward and held Lucia’s arm.
“Well then, come on in.
Have you eaten breakfast? Or is there something you’d like me to prepare for you?”
“Don’t worry; we’ve eaten,” Waldo replied.
Though his voice was calm, Stella’s nervousness made her decide that he was very angry at her.
She tried not to meet his eyes as she, supporting Lucia, led them inside.
Once they had sat on the sofa, Stella got both of them a glass of water each and then also sat down.
For a while, no one said anything, which made Stella more uneasy.
Swallowing, she tried to break the ice and asked, “I believe you have seen the news on the internet, right?”
At that moment, her heart was beating wildly.
Lucia nodded and replied, “Yes.
”
Stella, ashamed to meet Lucia’s eyes, lowered her head.
Wrapping her arms around herself, she opened her mouth to explain herself.
But no words came out.
What was the use of explaining if they ended up not believing her?
With a sigh, Lucia asked, “Stella, do you take us as your family?”
Hearing this, Stella raised her head, face filled with confusion.
What did Lucia mean? Weren’t they going to blame her for what happened?
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Lucia sighed again, then continued, “Say we didn’t see the news, how long would it have taken you to inform us? For how long would you have faced such a big grievance alone?”
Waldo nodded slightly and said, “We are a prominent family.
Others can’t just take it upon themselves to judge us.
I’m well-connected to influential and powerful people.
All I need to do is pull a few strings and those people who are troubling you will have their mouths clamped shut!”
Stella had thought they were here to scold and rebuke her.
Their support wasn’t something she expected.
###chapter1358
“I believed this matter to be just a minor one that could be easily solved, but turns out I was wrong and naive.
I’m just a source of worry to you, and I’m so sorry for that.
”
“Silly girl.
” Lucia shook her head, moved closer to Stella, and wrapped her arms around her.
“Stop beating yourself.
The world is filled with a lot of people, okay? It’s almost impossible to tell who has good intentions and who has bad ones.
”
Listening to Lucia’s words, Stella hugged her as tears welled up in her eyes.
Thinking about the comments about her online, which had been brutal and unforgiven, she felt incredibly sad and the tears she had been holding back began to fall.
As Lucia patted Stella, Waldo knocked his cane on the floor and vowed, “Trust me, as long as I’m alive, no one in the family will be harmed by an outsider.
I’ll protect everyone!”
Just as Matthew arrived at Prosperity Group and highlighted from his car, a honk suddenly sounded from behind him.
Frowning, he turned around and saw a red limo parked just behind his car.
The driver was a woman wearing a pair of large sunglasses, which covered nearly half of her face.
Just as he was wondering who the woman was, she also highlighted from her car and took off her sunglasses.
It was none other than Elizabeth.
Matthew’s frown deepened and he asked coldly, “How on earth did you get in here?”
Prosperity Group had a very tough security protocol.
With the exception of the employees, anyone else who wanted to get into the premises had to be permitted.
And there was no way he would have granted such permission to Elizabeth.
With a chuckle, Elizabeth tapped her cheek with her index finger and said provocatively, “The blame lies with my face.
The resemblance between me and your wife is quite uncanny.
When your security guards saw me, they couldn’t tell that I wasn’t her.
They even bowed to me and ushered me in.
”
Looking at her with his eyes full of contempt, Matthew asked through gritted teeth, “And what is it that you want?”
Elizabeth slightly c@@ked her head, feasting on the man in front of her with her eyes.
In a sincere voice, she replied, “I want you.
”
Matthew’s furrow deepened into an inscrutable scowl, his demeanor unyielding as he delivered his ultimatum.
“Leave, or I’ll instruct security to escort you off the premises, staining your reputation in the process.
”
With a decisive pivot, he strode away, his steps echoing with the weight of his resolve.
“Do not return.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Yet Elizabeth remained rooted to the spot, unfazed by Matthew’s humiliating dismissal.
“I have some urgent matters to discuss with you today.
”
Ignoring her, Matthew continued walking, his posture rigid with disdain.
Undeterred, Elizabeth pressed on, her voice carrying a note of challenge.
“This concerns Stella.
”
Matthew halted abruptly, his features contorting with suppressed fury as he turned around.
“Elizabeth, cut the nonsense, he admonished through gritted teeth, his patience wearing thin.
Undeterred by his warning, Elizabeth’s lips curled into a scornful sneer.
“And if I comply, will you let me leave?”
###chapter1359
Matthew’s silence spoke volumes, confirming her thoughts.
She never thought of backing down ever since she decided to attack Stella.
“I will give you one minute.
” Matthew relented begrudgingly, his icy demeanor betraying his impatience.
Elizabeth wasted no time, saying, “When Leo attempted to r@pe me, he inadvertently uttered damning words about Stella.
I possess a recording of his confession.
”
Elizabeth watched with satisfaction as Matthew’s countenance darkened, a mixture of rage and apprehension flickering across his features.
At that moment, Elizabeth’s heart swelled with conflicting emotions.
She maintained her composure as she delved deeper into the negotiation.
“If you agree to accompany me for a few nights each month, I will refrain from making these recordings public.
However, if you refuse, you know what I will do.
”
Matthew met her gaze with an impassive stare, his response devoid of hesitation or remorse.
“No one can intimidate me.
Make them public if you must.
I don’t give a f@ck.
”
“Oh! Really?” Elizabeth challenged, her tone laced with incredulity.
“Do you not care about Stella’s fate? I thought you loved your wife deeply.
”
Her words struck a nerve, igniting a flicker of irritation in Matthew’s stoic facade.
“Think of the consequences if you dare to harm her,” he warned in a hushed tone, his voice tinged with menace.
“I don’t even need to lift a finger or hurt her myself.
” Elizabeth maintained her composure, her tone measured and calm.
“The release of this recording alone will subject Stella to the merciless scrutiny of public opinion.
You think she’s capable enough to go through it?”
Matthew’s cold gaze bore into her.
“Leo is still alive.
As long as he is breathing, he will have the chance to tell the truth.
”
Elizabeth was well prepared for Matthew’s counterattacks already.
When he mentioned Leo, she remained unfazed, her response poised and unwavering.
“The truth remains that he sneaked into my villa and tried to r@pe me.
His actions warranted the consequences.
”
A sardonic smile curled Matthew’s lips, his demeanor bordering on amusement.
“Then I have nothing to say further.
I hope this confidence never wavers.
”
With that, he turned on his heel and left.
Elizabeth continued, “The offer stands for two days.
Let me know if you have a change of mind.
But once I officially hold the press conference and leak it out, no one will know what will happen.
”
Ignoring her threat, Matthew entered the elevator.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Elizabeth watched him depart.
Her smile was a facade of determination, masking the uncertainty lurking beneath the surface as she waved at him.
Matthew’s gaze remained fixed on Elizabeth, his eyes betraying a depth of emotion belied by his impassive facade.
Only when the doors sealed shut did he allow himself a moment of vulnerability.
Returning to his office, Matthew found Fernando awaiting his return, concern etched upon his features.
“Mr.
Clark, what happened?”
Matthew waved off his concern with a dismissive gesture, his tone clipped.
“It’s nothing.
A minor inconvenience.
I accidentally bumped my injured belly while driving.
”
###chapter1360
Before Fernando could talk, Matthew issued a directive.
“Ensure every security guard can recognize Stella.
”
“Okay.
” Fernando nodded, though perplexed.
“The situation in North city has been resolved, and the project will proceed as planned.
Additionally, our operatives are scouring the nightclubs in Seamarsh for any trace of Rose.
We should have a lead soon.
”
At night, Rose sported her fancy makeup, giving her a fairy-like appearance, with sparkles twinkling around her eyes, adding to her charm.
As she headed towards the stage, she overheard other actors chatting about how generous a big shot in the audience was tonight.
Rose was determined to give her best performance.
She planned to leave Seamarsh after the show.
Therefore, impressing that big shot could mean extra tips for her journey.
The news about Leo had everyone talking, and it scared her stiff.
She dreaded to think what Matthew might do if she stayed in Seamarsh.
And if Elizabeth caught wind of her disobedience, she’d be fuming.
Just the thought made Rose shiver.
So, sticking around Seamarsh was out of the question.
While performing on stage, Rose spotted a handsome man in the audience, flanked by bodyguards.
She figured he was the big shot.
She pushed herself even harder towards him.
And sure enough, when she saw the satisfaction on his face and heard the applause, she knew she’d succeeded.
After the show, Rose hurried off stage, eager to collect her pay from the manager and leave without delay.
“Hess was pretty generous with the tips just now.
He wants to grab a drink with you.
I’ll escort you there,” the manager said, grinning at Rose like she was Lady Luck herself.
He and Rose had a sweet deal going on.
She made money, he got his cut.
Simple as that.
But Rose had other plans and declined politely, “Sorry.
Got some urgent stuff back home.
I must dash.
I won’t be coming back here again.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The manager frowned but he couldn’t risk upsetting Hess.
“Hess mentioned he’d slip you a cool two million if you join him for a drink,” the manager hinted, winking.
“Figure you could use the cash.
Plus, who turns down money, right?”
Two million? That kind of sum got Rose’s attention real quick.
She figured knocking back a drink wouldn’t hurt much.
After a brief hesitation, she nodded and agreed.
The manager escorted her to the box, where the bodyguards checked her in before he took off.
###chapter1361
Inside, the room was huge and dead quiet.
There was not even a hint of music, just the sound of breathing.
Rose eyed the man lounging on the sofa.
He was handsome but gave off a vibe of trouble.
Her gut told her to steer clear of him.
“Thanks for the tips tonight, Sir,” Rose murmured.
“Sorry about not removing my makeup earlier.
”
Hess grinned, looking satisfied.
“No, I like it.
It adds something special.
”
Rose didn’t get what he meant.
She furrowed her brows, itching to leave as soon as she could.
“If that’s it, I have to get going.
”
“No need to rush,” Hess said, gesturing for her to take a seat.
Rose froze, pretending not to notice.
Hess didn’t push it.
He pointed to a glass of wine on the table.
“Just want to share a drink with you.
Rose, are you up for it?”
Rose eyed the glass, probably the one worth two million according to the manager.
Without second thoughts, she grabbed the glass and downed it.
A sly smirk crept onto Hess’ face.
Rose hurried through the drink.
Finishing it, she coughed a bit, face turning red.
“Thanks for the drink, Sir.
I’m out of here.
”
Hess clasped her wrist, insisting, “Come on, Rose, another round.
”
With a flourish, he passed her a check.
Rose eyeballed the amount: a cool one million.
She wanted out but the thought of her bleak future tugged at her, so she caved and took another swig.
Before she knew it, Hess had slipped her three checks.
After a few too many glasses, Rose felt woozy and flushed.
Not much of a drinker, she rarely felt this out of sorts, which rattled her.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stumbling, she lost her bearings.
Just as she was about to hit the floor, strong arms caught her.
Rose let out an unconscious groan.
Hess grinned satisfactorily, holding Rose down on the bed before quickly shedding both their clothes.
Rose sobered up, her eyes widening as she found Hess looming over her.
She struggled, blurting out, “What did you do to me?”
With an affectionate touch to her face, Hess reassured her, “Hey, don’t be scared, babe.
Just a little something to spice things up.
###chapter1362
Relax.
I’ll make it worth your while.
Now, let me explore.
”
Leaning in eagerly, he ki*sed her like a ravenous animal.
His breath grew heavier as Rose pushed against him weakly, eventually succumbing to the drug’s effects, powerless against Hess’ desires.
Their bodies intertwined for what felt like an eternity.
Hess eyed the woman beneath him, her lips flushed from their encounter.
Licking his own lips, he felt the desire rising once more, taking a brief break before diving back in for round two.
As Rose started to regain consciousness, she saw Hess’ face and snapped back to reality, struggling against him.
“Don’t lay a finger on me…”
She pushed at his shoulders, but he held her wrists firmly, pinning her down.
Nuzzling against her neck and whispering, Hess pleaded, “I want you with me, darling.
Admit it, you enjoyed that.
My lovely princess.
”
As he spoke, he lifted her leg, intensifying their connection.
Rose was startled, tears of regret streaming down her cheeks.
She cursed her greed, wishing she had left after just one glass of wine.
If only she had, none of this would’ve happened.
Lost in her thoughts, she noticed his grip weakening suddenly.
Just as she was about to push him away, she saw Hess’ eyes glaze over, his body slumping to the side.
“Ah!” Rose recoiled in horror, staring at the motionless figure on the bed.
Seconds passed but Hess didn’t stir.
Despite her humiliation, Rose cautiously approached, giving him a push, yet he remained still.
Trembling, she reached for his nose, realizing he wasn’t breathing.
Shocked, she stepped back, hands shaking uncontrollably.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a moment, she composed herself, leaning close to listen for a heartbeat, but there was none.
Hess was dead?
Fear washed over Rose as she hurriedly dressed and made for the door.
But just as she was about to open it, she remembered Hess bodyguards outside.
If they found out he was dead, she’d be trapped.
Collapsing to the floor, she hugged her knees, mind blank with fear.
###chapter1363
She debated for ages about calling Elizabeth.
But if she did, Elizabeth would figure out she hadn’t left Seamarsh and she’d get in trouble.
In a panic, she recalled the business card Fernando had handed her.
Digging through her bag, she searched for it.
Finding it at last, she grabbed her phone and punched in the number.
“Who’s this?”
Relieved at the familiar voice, Rose exhaled.
“It’s Rose.
Can you lend a hand? There’s a dead body.
”
“Give me the lowdown.
”
Fernando’s steady tone eased Rose’s nerves.
She spilled the whole story.
“If you can bail me out of this mess, I’ll think about backing Stella up.
I swear I didn’t off the guy.
He just up and croaked.
”
She repeated her plea, worried Fernando might refuse.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Where are you?”
Rose rattled off the address without hesitation.
“Wait up.
” With that, Fernando ended the call.
He rounded up a few guys and headed to the nightclub.
Upon arrival, they spotted several bodyguards guarding the room.
Fernando dialed the manager, commanding, “Send some girls their way.
Tell them it’s on Hess’ tab.
”
Though curious, the manager complied, not wanting to ruffle Fernando’s feathers.
Once Hess’ crew cleared out, Fernando approached the door, hearing muffled cries from within.
Stepping inside, he surveyed the chaos.
A naked man lay sprawled in the bed.
It didn’t take a genius to figure out what had gone down.
Fernando grimaced, spotting Rose cowering in a corner.
He hoisted her to her feet.
“Come on, let’s go.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Rose wobbled upright, her vision blurry with tears.
Finally seeing Fernando, she breathed a sigh of relief.
Glancing at Hess, she queried, “What about him?”
Fernando glanced at her, then away, nonchalant.
“My guys will handle tee.
”
In a daze, Rose followed Fernando out, noticing the absent guards at the door.
A flicker of relief flickered across her.
The car glided along the open road, its destination unknown to Rose.
###chapter1364
Yet, at that moment, she knew following Fernando was her only hope for safety.
After what seemed like an eternity, they arrived at a deserted, isolated hotel.
Fernando checked them in and led Rose upstairs, where he stationed two men outside the room before closing the door.
“Stay put and behave, Rose,” Fernando said calmly, his gaze fixed on her seated figure.
“Cooperate with our testimony in two days, and I promise you’ll live comfortably for the rest of your life.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Rose’s mind was a whirlwind.
Even after calming herself, the gruesome details of Hess’ death replayed in her mind.
Fear gnawed at her.
The prospect of being labeled a murderer terrified her.
Fernando’s voice cut through her thoughts.
“Elizabeth shot Leo.
He’s probably not going to make it.
And siding with her won’t guarantee a pleasant future either.
”
Rose narrowed her eyes, clenching her fists until they trembled.
After a tense moment, she slowly relaxed her grip and turned to face him.
Her voice barely a whisper, she confirmed, “I’ll do what you say.
”
Fernando nodded silently, exiting the room.
Outside, he contacted Matthew immediately.
“Rose is settled and compliant.
”
“Good,” Matthew responded coolly, adding further directives.
“Now…”
Fernando listened attentively, then replied in a resolute tone, “Yes sir! I’ll get right on it.
”
As night deepened, a news alert blared on the television.
“Couple Found Dead in Nightclub, Initial Findings Suggest Drug Overdose, Deceased Female Identified as Rose.
.
”
Startled awake by the notification, Stella’s sleep vanished instantly.
Matthew stirred beside her, briefly glancing at the news with a detached expression.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“The press conference is tomorrow, and Leo is still unconscious.
Without Rose, how am I supposed to clear my name?” Stella’s words tumbled out in a panicked rush.
Despite the warmth of the room, she felt chills creeping down her spine.
Matthew reached out, pulling her into his comforting embrace.
“Don’t worry.
Just attend the event as planned.
”
Stella’s eyes flickered with doubt as she looked up at him.
Matthew offered her a reassuring smile.
“I have the evidence we need.
###chapter1365
You’ll be alright.
”
The following day, the day Luther’s ultimatum to Stella expired, a press conference was scheduled to take place on Aurora Avenue.
Journalists flooded the venue, setting up cameras and microphones behind a barricade of fencing.
Curious onlookers gathered around the perimeter of the square.
The space was already packed with anticipation three hours before the event.
Whispers swirled through the crowd.
“Haven’t heard from Stella in days.
Wonder what’s happening today?”
“I don’t believe she’d do it.
She wouldn’t cheat on a husband like Matthew.
Half the town would kill for that!”
“You never know.
People can be surprising.
”
“Well, we’ll find out soon enough.
If the rumors are true, she can ki*s her reputation goodbye.
”
As the press conference drew closer, the murmurings in the crowd intensified.
Suddenly, a convoy of vans pulled up at the edge of the square.
Doors slid open, disgorging a group of reporters who strode confidently towards the center of the gathering.
Their microphones, emblazoned with the logo of Seamarsh’s most esteemed media outlet, left no room for doubt about their importance.
The seasoned journalists commanded immediate respect, and the crowd parted seamlessly to allow them passage.
Elizabeth was the first to arrive at the venue.
As soon as she got out of the car, a battery of journalists swarmed over and surrounded her.
They aimed their cameras and microphones at her and bombarded her with questions.
Elizabeth wore huge sunglasses, covering her eyes and almost half her face.
As she spoke softly in front of the reporters, she projected an image of vulnerability.
“I’ve been seeing a psychiatrist these days because I am having sleepless nights.
I’m not asking for too much.
All I hope is to get an apology from Stella.
”
She looked so fragile that the people from the media immediately empathized with her.
“Elizabeth, are you really not going to hold Stella accountable?”
“Is someone forcing you to forgive Stella?”
Elizabeth was delighted inwardly.
She was satisfied with the media’s reaction.
Before the press conference could even begin, she had already made the reporters hate Stella.
They were all against Stella now.
But while she was celebrating inside her, several more reporters squeezed their way through the throng.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Elizabeth immediately recognized them.
They were Seamarsh’s top reporters.
She adjusted her expression and prepared herself for the impending barrage of questions.
The lead reporter raised the microphone in his hand, aimed it at Elizabeth, and asked, “In this tragic situation, shouldn’t Leo bear the brunt of blame? Why do you mislead these reporters to unjustly pin all the blame on Stella?”
A hint of panic flashed across Elizabeth’s eyes.
###chapter1366
She didn’t expect the reporter to ask such a question.
Her hands subconsciously clenched into tight fists, and she was silent.
After a long, tense pause, she finally managed to answer uneasily, “I’m not misleading them.
I am just telling the truth.
I wasn’t the only one who saw Stella and Leo’s video on the set.
”
She paused to gather her thoughts and continued, “That video has had a detrimental impact on the film’s production.
I want Stella to apologize, not for myself but for the entire crew.
We need to move forward and complete the filming smoothly.
Besides, when Leo broke into the villa in the middle of the night, it caused me significant emotional distress.
I want to resolve this matter quickly.
I want to immediately recover and return to filming.
”
“You always claim you are doing this for the crew,” the reporter continued.
“But why is your co-star Luka defending Stella despite the huge public backlash? Luka proves that Stella is a trustworthy person.
Are you implying that Stella was too naive to take Leo to the set?”
This question brought Elizabeth back to her senses.
She regained her composure, shook her head, and answered, “I don’t know.
Honestly, I don’t care about it.
The relationship between Stella and me is purely professional.
So, I can’t speak to her character beyond that.
What I can say is Leo mistook me for her that fateful might.
And because of that, I’ve been subjected to an onslaught of unwarranted pain.
If people don’t believe me, it’s their choice.
I cannot force them to change their minds.
In my case, I have evidence to prove that Stella isn’t as innocent as she appears.
Just wait and see.
”
At this moment, Matthew pulled over in front of the venue of the press conference.
Then, he reached and held Stella’s cold hand.
He squeezed her hand and said reassuringly, “Don’t worry.
Just go in there and tell the truth.
”
Stella nodded and took a deep breath.
“Okay.
Then, she opened the car door, got out, and walked towards the building.
Matthew watched Stella’s receding back.
When she was out of his sight he took out his phone and dialed Fernando’s number.
“Bring Rose here first.
Then, wait for my call.
”
As soon as Stella walked in, she saw Luther standing at the side with a stern expression.
He looked at her and said, “Are you going to finally give me and the rest of the cast and crew some answers today?”
In a flurry of nerves, Stella recalled Matthew’s comforting words, nodding firmly.
“Count on it.
This time, we’ll see it through to a proper resolution.
”
As she affirmed her stance, Elizabeth approached.
Catching Stella’s declaration, Elizabeth’s lips curled with a hint of disdain.
“If that’s settled, let’s proceed inside,” Luther declared, prompting Stella and Elizabeth to follow without a word.
As the trio stepped onto the stage, the cameras below flashed incessantly, like a chorus of fireworks.
Luther settled into his seat and addressed the eager crowd, his voice resonating in the room.
“Today’s press conference aims to address recent rumors.
We’re here to provide clarity to the public and ensure the smooth continuation of our movie’s production.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With that, he passed the microphone to Stella.
Stella grasped the microphone firmly, meeting the gaze of countless cameras.
Drawing a deep breath, she began, “Leo and I were indeed involved romantically before.
”
Her admission elicited gasps and murmurs throughout the venue.
Stella’s typically serene eyes narrowed ever so slightly.
Her grip on the microphone tightened almost imperceptibly.
“But we haven’t been in touch for years.
Then, out of nowhere, Leo showed up on set, using Elizabeth’s makeup artist to drug and attempt to assault me.
###chapter1367
It’s Elizabeth who planned this whole sinister plot!”
A wave of murmurs and speculation rippled through the room.
No one had expected the intricate web of secrets lurking beneath the scandal.
A flash of fury crossed Elizabeth’s face.
She had assumed the recent scandal would break Stella, leaving her vulnerable.
Yet there she stood, seemingly fortified and resolute.
With unwavering determination, Elizabeth faced the microphone, her voice calm yet laced with defiance.
“Stella’s baseless accusations are nothing more than a desperate attempt to tarnish my reputation and deflect from her own questionable actions.
I won’t sit back and allow her to tarnish my name.
I possess a recording that exposes Stella’s treacherous collusion with Leo.
”
Fists clenched, Stella shot a furious glare at Elizabeth.
The revelation of the recording sent her astonishment skyrocketing.
Elizabeth signaled her assistant to start the audio playback.
The flurry of camera flashes ceased as reporters redirected their microphones towards the impending sound.
The recording began, filling the room with Elizabeth’s desperate pleas.
“Leo, please spare me.
”
Then, Leo’s voice followed.
“I couldn’t find Stella, so I had to turn to you.
”
The carefully edited audio clip painted Elizabeth as the ultimate victim, while Leo and Stella appeared as the villains conspiring against her.
In a moment of desperation, she fired at Leo, defending her honor.
As the recording concluded, a tense silence enveloped the room, broken only by Elizabeth’s sobs.
Then, with determination in her voice, she pointed a finger at Stella.
“This time, Stella must leave the production and apologize to me! Her schemes have caused me great injustice.
She must pay the price!”
Her declaration stirred the audience into a frenzy of protest.
“Apologize now! Apologize to Elizabeth!”
“Stella, leave the production immediately!”
Stella surveyed the sea of agitated faces below, her fingers quivering like leaves in a storm, a stark reminder of the cyberbullying she’d endured.
Taking a deep, steadying breath, she began to speak, her voice cutting through the dissipating anger.
“Everyone, please, let’s calm down.
I have something to address.
”
Gradually, the angry voices faded into silence.
Stella and Elizabeth locked eyes, none of them wavering.
“Surely you don’t believe your actions have gone unnoticed?” Stella challenged.
Elizabeth’s confidence faltered for a moment, but she swiftly regained her composure, her lips pressed together in defiance.
Of the potential witnesses, Leo lay in the hospital, his fate uncertain, while Rose’s voice was silenced by death, a testament to the fact that the dead tell no tales.
Elizabeth stood unchallenged, the sole arbiter of truth, free to shape it as she pleased, shielded from contradiction.
With a facade of innocence, Elizabeth retorted, “I don’t know what you’re suggesting.
I’m the one who’s been wronged here.
”
In a heart-stopping moment, Stella’s phone buzzed.
The message she read elicited a look of shock on her face.
Reining in her excitement, she looked up and announced firmly, “I have a witness who can prove that Elizabeth lied about the entire incident.
She tried to frame me!”
Her finger jabbed out, pointing dramatically to a figure in the audience.
ALL eyes followed her accusatory gesture, landing on a woman wearing a modest hat.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Elizabeth’s composed facade faltered, her brow creasing with confusion and apprehension.
Who was the woman?
Why did Stella suddenly become so confident?
Whispers of intrigue circulated through the room as the mysterious woman ascended the stage, pausing beside Elizabeth.
Then, with a theatrical flourish, she removed her hat, revealing a face that turned Elizabeth’s blood to ice.
The woman was Rose.
###chapter1368
Elizabeth rose immediately, moving to pull Rose away.
However, she halted upon realizing the presence of numerous reporters lingering offstage at the press conference, compelling her to suppress the urge.
What she never expected was that the Rose was still alive.
Had the earlier report been a setup?
Elizabeth broke out in a cold sweat as she pondered the situation, fearing the worst.
Approaching Rose with the microphone, Stella briefly locked eyes with Elizabeth before redirecting her attention.
With her back turned to the crowd, Elizabeth fixed a stern gaze upon Rose.
Rose trembled under Elizabeth’s intense stare.
Considering Leo’s ordeal, she found herself unable to retreat from her current stance.
With Matthew’s support, she held on to hope for survival.
Rose clenched her teeth, her words deliberate as she spoke.
“That day, Elizabeth instructed me to tamper with the water in the dressing room and coax Stella into drinking it during her makeup session.
Once the drug took effect, I left the room.
After that, Leo entered the room.
”
“Rose, you better come clean!” Elizabeth’s voice thundered.
Taken aback, Rose involuntarily stepped backward, her grip on the microphone trembling.
Stella held her hand, glancing at Elizabeth with a gentle expression.
“Elizabeth, is your fury a result of being exposed? Are you trying to silence Rose in front of everyone?”
Elizabeth ground her teeth in frustration.
“You-“
But Stella cut her off.
“If you’re innocent, let Rose finish her account.
Interrupting now only raises suspicion of guilt.
”
With a subtle gesture, she signaled for Rose to proceed.
Avoiding Elizabeth’s eyes, Rose nodded and continued, “There’s a camera in the dressing room.
Elizabeth instructed Leo to record himself and Stella to manipulate her.
But then, Mr.
Clark intervened and took Stella away.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a brief pause, she added, “I retrieved the camera and handed it to Elizabeth.
She then instructed me to leave Seamarsh.
That’s all I know.
”
As the audience absorbed the details, their demeanor shifted once more, demanding an explanation from Elizabeth.
Stella exhaled a sigh of relief.
So that was what Matthew had been alluding to when he urged her to trust him.
Locking eyes with Elizabeth, Stella asserted, “Rose is your makeup artist.
Her testimony holds considerable weight.
Elizabeth, do you have anything further to add?”
###chapter1369
Elizabeth’s expression darkened.
“Stella, do you honestly believe you can coerce a confession from me with a mere witness? Do you even know why Rose worked for me?”
Caught in Elizabeth’s piercing stare, Rose felt a surge of fear, uncertain of what would come next.
Frowning in response, Stella remained silent.
Elizabeth continued, “Rose’s upbringing is less than reputable.
Her mother is a prostitute, and her father is a pimp.
She’s been groomed to prioritize money above all else since childhood.
She worked for me for the promise of riches.
What I’m saying is she’s a bitch who’d sell her soul for a dollar.
Who’s to say she’s not spinning tales to take money from you?”
Ignoring Stella’s presence, Elizabeth targeted Rose’s vulnerability head-on.
Clutching the microphone, Rose felt a rush of embarrassment, her complexion draining of color.
Exposed in front of the crowd, it felt like a dagger to her heart.
Noticing Rose’s distress, Elizabeth pressed on mercilessly.
“So, do you insist you were under my command?”
“Ah!” With a piercing scream, Rose clutched her ears and shook her head frantically.
“Stop pushing me.
”
With that, she bolted from the stage, only to be quickly surrounded.
Elizabeth shot her a chilling look before redirecting her gaze to Stella.
She raised an eyebrow, her expression dripping with smug satisfaction.
Stella was stunned.
She hadn’t anticipated Elizabeth publicly exposing and exploiting Rose’s vulnerability.
She felt extremely flustered.
If no one believed Rose, how could she possibly win against Elizabeth?
The press conference had become a farce, not resolving the issue but rather exacerbating it.
Luther fumed.
He barked at Stella, “Explain yourself, or we’ll end this joke.
From this day forward, you should resign from the production and apologize to Elizabeth.
”
Elizabeth chimed in, “As long as you apologize to me, I will let bygones be bygones.
”
Stella’s mind reeled.
Her eyes subconsciously darted towards the crowd, searching for Matthew.
But he was nowhere to be found.
Stella forced herself to remain calm, but she couldn’t suppress the rising panic in her chest.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
An apology was out of the question.
It would be an admission of guilt, taking the blame for something she hadn’t done.
She wouldn’t be Elizabeth’s scapegoat.
A sliver of hope persisted.
Stella clutched her phone.
She believed in Matthew with all her being.
However, her silence didn’t sit well with the audience.
The media erupted into a frenzy.
“Stella, answer the question! Did you bribe Elizabeth’s makeup artist to slander her?”
###chapter1370
“Doesn’t your silence confirm Elizabeth’s innocence?”
“Is Mr.
Clark aware of your actions?”
“Are you admitting guilt by staying silent?”
“We haven’t heard the whole story.
Why blame Stella after hearing only Elizabeth’s side?”
“The director is clearly biased towards Elizabeth.
”
While reporters planted by Waldo offered support, the media at large unleashed a vicious attack against Stella.
The situation descended into chaos.
Stella felt like she was in a vacuum, her head on the verge of exploding.
She was speechless.
She was the true victim, yet her voice was ignored.
The press conference was broadcast Live.
Matthew watched from his car parked outside the venue, his jaw clenched and a vein throbbing in his temple.
He desperately wanted to help Stella, but his presence would only worsen the already chaotic situation.
Stella had to navigate this storm on her own.
He picked up his phone and ordered, “Rose is useless.
Let’s deploy our trump card.
”
The relentless barrage of questions and accusations wore Stella down.
As she desperately searched for the right words, a loud commotion erupted outdoors.
A car screeched into the venue, momentarily silencing the stunned crowd.
It came to a stop in front of the stage, and Leo emerged slowly, using the car door for support.
His face was pale, but a sinister smile played on his lips as he met Elizabeth’s gaze.
Elizabeth recoiled in fear and shock.
How could it be? She had shot him, a fatal shot.
Yet, here he stood, very much alive.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Ignoring the gasps and murmurs, Leo reached for a reporter’s microphone, his voice weak but carrying throughout the hall.
“I’m Leo…”
The room fell silent as his voice reverberated.
“Everything I did was orchestrated by Elizabeth.
She exploited my lingering feelings for Stella and my career stagnation.
She promised me a huge sum of money to revive my career in exchange for my participation in this scheme.
”
With a pointed finger aimed at Elizabeth, he declared, “You, Elizabeth, are the mastermind behind it all!”
###chapter1371
“Nonsense!” Elizabeth’s face drained of color, but she desperately denied the accusation.
“That’s preposterous! I don’t even know you!
You’re the one who tried to r@pe me!”
Leo’s smirk widened.
“Every word you said to me was recorded, Elizabeth.
Remember, I’m a lawyer.
You’re not the only one capable of playing dirty.
”
Elizabeth’s body trembled violently, and she crumpled onto the nearby seat.
Yet, she continued to shake her head, vehemently denying the accusations.
The reporters swarmed her, their cameras flashing and microphones thrust forward.
“Leo publicly admitted your involvement.
Do you have anything to say in your defense?”
“Did you conspire with him to frame Stella?”
“What is the nature of your conflict with Stella?”
“Shut up!” Overwhelmed by the barrage of questions, Elizabeth erupted in panic.
She glared daggers at Leo and screeched, “You stupid fool!
I lured you into a little trap, and you fell for it.
This is entirely your own fault! You’re completely incompetent! Why didn’t you just die?”
Her vicious outburst stunned everyone present.
Leo’s sneer widened.
“Then let me play the recording in my hand for all the reporters.
They can judge for themselves who is truly in the wrong.
”
Elizabeth desperately lunged towards Leo, attempting to snatch the recording.
“Enough!” Suddenly, a woman’s furious voice cut through the chaos.
The crowd turned in unison.
When Elizabeth spotted Bella, she stood there frozen, her face betraying a mixture of surprise and confusion.
Bella, flanked by several individuals, approached with an unmistakable air of indignation.
She cast a fleeting glance at Elizabeth before positioning herself before Luther.
“Forgive me, Luther.
My daughter’s lack of foresight has unfortunately embroiled you in considerable inconvenience,” Bella uttered in a subdued tone.
“I apologize to you on her behalf.
”
Despite harboring numerous grievances against Elizabeth, Luther, out of respect for Bella, begrudgingly put up with them.
He compressed his lips into a thin line and nodded, signaling his acceptance of the apology.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Maintaining a facade of tranquility, Stella was internally besieged by a whirlwind of emotions.
She recognized the distinguished woman before her, recalling a brief encounter.
Was this Bella Wallace?
Observing Bella once more, Stella was enveloped by an inexplicable sense of familiarity, as though their paths had crossed long ago.
###chapter1372
Yet, after sifting through her memories, Stella was confident that their only interaction had been on the set Elizabeth’s voice shattered Stella’s reverie.
“I refuse to leave! I will stay.
” Elizabeth extricated her hand from Bella’s grip.
“Leo claims to have evidence.
I’m eager to see how he plans to defame me!”
“Enough!” Bella’s countenance grew stern.
“Come with me.
”
She grasped Elizabeth’s hand and lowered her voice.
“Don’t embarrass yourself here.
The car is waiting outside.
Come back to Dorburn with me immediately.
”
After addressing Elizabeth, Bella turned to Luther.
“Luther, given Elizabeth’s current state of emotional distress, I will take her back to Dorburn to rest for the time being.
Should you require a replacement for the lead actress, I am prepared to recommend suitable candidates.
I apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.
”
Even though she directed her words at Luther, her voice resonated so loudly that almost everyone present could hear her clearly.
Luther remained silent, yet he could unmistakably sense his nerves creeping in.
Bella said nothing further and simply dragged Elizabeth away.
As she passed by Leo, Elizabeth shot him a resentful glance, but her expression changed.
She shrugged off Bella’s hand.
“Elizabeth Wallace!” Bella, compelled to use her full name, stood firm, Confronting Leo, Elizabeth scrutinized him more closely before pointing at him accusingly.
“You’re not Leo! Who are you?”
Without uttering a word, the man who looked like Leo simply smiled and averted his gaze.
Bella approached and briefly glanced at Leo, but then she quickly averted her eyes and tugged at Elizabeth.
“Quick, let’s go.
No more talking.
”
“Mom, I’m not talking nonsense.
He definitely isn’t Leo!” Elizabeth insisted.
Yet, Bella’s earlier remarks only served to cement the perception of Elizabeth’s mental disarray among the bystanders.
No one believed what Elizabeth said.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Faced with Elizabeth’s obstinacy, Bella signaled a bodyguard.
With the men’s assistance, they made a swift departure.
As the car vanished from sight, Stella, haunted by Bella’s visage, found herself ensnared in a maelstrom of perplexing emotions.
Her gaze inadvertently met that of the fake Leo, triggering a recollection of Elizabeth’s parting words.
Stella, now gazing intently at him, found her usual resistance to his presence diminishing.
Could he truly be an impostor?
Was he really not Leo?
Stella was taken aback by her own speculation.
In that moment, the impersonator began to remove his makeup, revealing Luka beneath the disguise.
###chapter1373
Everyone was stunned by the sudden revelation.
Luka smiled.
“Rose did this makeup.
Impressive, isn’t it? Quite the convincing transformation.
”
Casually touching his face, he added, “As for Leo, he succumbed in the hospital after the rescue failed.
”
In the early morning, because his injuries were so severe, the doctor announced that Leo had passed away.
However, Matthew managed to keep this information under wraps for a while, hoping to get Elizabeth to confess.
Even though Elizabeth never confessed to being behind everything, her facial expressions and the way she spoke made it clear she was the mastermind.
When Luka finished explaining, Matthew was able to join them.
He looked at Luka and shared, “In the casino where Leo was hiding, I found his spare phone.
It had records of his talks with Elizabeth and screenshots of their messages.
”
It was evident that Leo didn’t completely trust Elizabeth.
He had kept some evidence, which made the truth even more believable.
Matthew gave the evidence to Luther and explained, “Elizabeth is well-known and plays a big part in this movie.
Despite her plots against my wife, my wife doesn’t want to completely destroy her life.
I’m giving you these chat logs, trusting you’ll make the right decision, okay?”
Luther got the message.
He took the phone, his face showing a mix of emotions, and then he let out an awkward cough.
It appeared he had gotten the wrong idea about Stella.
Throughout this entire situation, Stella had been the most blameless.
Then, speaking into the microphone, Luther said, “Now that everything’s been cleared up, it’s time to move on.
Stella is truly the victim here, and she’s innocent.
”
Tears started rolling down Stella’s cheeks.
For a while now, she had been dealing with online harassment and all sorts of insults.
Finally, at this moment, all those troubles seemed to have been washed away.
She had managed to clear her name and show everyone that she had never betrayed Matthew.
Suddenly, she felt a sense of warmth in her hand.
Glancing down, she noticed that Matthew had silently come over and taken her hand in his.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella gave him a grateful smile.
Then, out of the blue, a reporter threw out a question.
“Luther, do you consider this issue resolved now? With Elizabeth no longer part of the cast, who’s going to be the new lead actress?”
Matthew caught Luther’s eye, reminding him of a promise made in the meeting room.
After a moment’s thought, Luther announced, “Elizabeth has parted ways with Seamarsh.
As for her actions, Stella and Mr.
Clark have decided to let bygones be bygones, and we won’t be pursuing the matter further either.
Regarding the role Elizabeth was supposed to play…”
He paused for effect, then added, “We had already planned on having two main characters in the previous film.
So, it’s decided that Stella will be our next movie’s heroine.
This will be Stella’s debut film, and we’re hoping you’ll all support her.
Despite the previous misunderstandings and conflicts within our team, I’m confident that resolving these issues will only make our movie better.
”
###chapter1374
Luther’s speech was passionate, earning him applause from the crowd.
Stella’s face lit up with a reassuring smile, touched by the fact that she had cleared her name and relieved by the positive turn of events.
Just then, her phone buzzed.
She picked it up and noticed a message from an unknown number.
Opening the message, she read, “Hello, Stella.
This is Bella Wallace.
I sincerely apologize for the trouble my daughter has caused you.
I recognize your talent as a designer and hope we can meet in person someday.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella reread the message several times to confirm it was indeed from Bella, tears welling up in her eyes.
The thought of potentially collaborating with Bella overshadowed her curiosity about how Bella had obtained her number.
To her, this was a silver lining.
And indeed, it was a great joy!
Matthew noticed her emotional shift and asked, “What’s the matter?”
Overwhelmed with excitement, Stella struggled to articulate her feelings and simply handed him the phone.
After reading the message, Matthew beamed and said, “Honey, I’m truly happy for you.
”
Stella, standing on her toes, whispered her gratitude.
“I have to thank you.
Without your support, I couldn’t have navigated through these challenges so smoothly.
”
Matthew leaned in and whispered back, “Then let’s celebrate tonight.
”
Their intimate exchange caught the eye of nearby reporters, who eagerly snapped photos of the heartfelt moment.
“Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark clearly adore each other and come across as genuinely kind people.
It’s no wonder they’ve faced jealousy, leading to attempts to tarnish Mrs.
Clark’s reputation.
”
“Their mutual trust always sees them through these baseless accusations.
It’s inspiring.
”
“This is the kind of marriage I aspire to have.
They are devoted and supportive of each other.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
On the way to the airport, Elizabeth remained silent, her gaze fixed outside the window, clearly signaling her disinterest in conversing with Bella.
This behavior left Bella with a nagging headache.
Unaware of her own transgressions, Elizabeth’s coldness only escalated the tension.
Rubbing her temples, Bella eventually spoke up.
“I resorted to searching online for news about you since I couldn’t reach you lately.
How much longer did you intend to keep me in the dark?”
Elizabeth’s pent-up anger burst forth at the question.
###chapter1375
She turned to Bella, her eyes filled with disappointment and accusation.
“Are you actually blaming me? Could you stand idly by while your daughter was almost r@ped?”
Bella closed her eyes, inhaling deeply before responding with measured calm.
“Don’t you know why Leo did that? Elizabeth, are you still refusing to face the reality? When we return to Dorburn, you’re going to be grounded for three months.
I hope you use this time to contemplate your actions.
”
Elizabeth clenched her teeth, locked eyes with Bella, and growled, “You can’t simply do this to me! Even if you lock me at home, I’ll find a way to Seamarsh.
”
“What so important here that you can’t part with it? Bella barked, her frustration boiling over.
“Have you no regard for your own reputation? What do you aim to achieve with this theatrics?”
Bella felt a growing chasm between herself and her daughter.
The daughter she knew, once gentle and earnest, seemed like a shadow of the past.
The transformation into the person before her was incomprehensible.
“How can you not understand?” Elizabeth retorted with a smirk.
“I’ve done it all for love!”
‘s BunnyBookery
Though she didn’t name him, Bella understood.
Elizabeth was speaking of Matthew.
Unable to contain herself, Bella exclaimed, “You’ve lost your senses!
He’s a married man!”
“I don’t care! I must have him.
If he slips away, I’ll steal…”
Slap!
Bella’s hand landed sharply on Elizabeth’s cheek, halting her words.
She couldn’t bear to listen to such delusional words from her own flesh and blood.
The sting in her palm reverberated as the force of the slap struck Elizabeth squarely.
The shock and hurt in Elizabeth’s eyes were undeniable, a stark contrast to the love and gentleness Bella had always shown her.
Her mother had never laid a hand on her.
Tears streamed down Elizabeth’s face, a mix of betrayal and sorrow evident.
“You know nothing of my struggles in Dorburn.
I want out of this family more than anything!”
Bella’s gaze froze as she looked at her daughter.
She had intended to apologize to Elizabeth for impulsively striking her, but she was caught off guard by the harsh words that spilled from Elizabeth’s lips.
Elizabeth expressed her desire not to stay with her family.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Each word from Elizabeth felt like a sharp blade piercing Bella’s heart.
At this, Bella was engulfed by a profound sense of loss.
The daughter she adored for most of her life now sought to distance herself, pushing her away.
After a moment of reflection, Bella chose a softer approach.
“You are my daughter, whom I deeply cherish.
I’ve even sought forgiveness from Luther and Stella on your behalf.
If you come back to Dorburn with me, we can move past this and find happiness again.
”
Yet, Elizabeth’s anger only intensified.
“Who gave you the right to apologize to Stella on my behalf? I’ve done nothing wrong! Do you know how much I wanted to kill her? How dare you apologize?”
Bella’s suppressed anger resurfaced upon witnessing Elizabeth’s attitude.
###chapter1376
Recognizing the need for both of them to cool off before delving deeper into the matter, she opted to let the conversation rest for the time being.
Bella turned away from Elizabeth.
She picked up her phone and noticing a text from Stella.
“Thank you.
I hope we can meet soon.
”
Stella’s words offered a brief respite from the turmoil, soothing Bella’s frayed nerves.
Lost in her thoughts, Bella found herself replaying the scene of when she had first met Stella.
She pondered why Stella’s presence ignited a sense of familiarity within her.
Despite wracking her brain, she couldn’t establish the connection.
The press conference nearly spiraled out of control halfway through, yet thankfully, it wrapped up neatly, resolving all the issues.
After wrapping up his work, Luther approached Stella to express his regret, saying, “I’m sorry for the earlier incident.
”
Stella realized Luther was in a tough spot and didn’t blame him.
“It’s already behind us, and you weren’t at fault.
No need for apologies.
”
Luther gave a nod of agreement.
“Make sure to come back to the set tomorrow for filming.
Today, you should rest.
”
“Sure,” Stella responded.
With nothing more to add, Luther departed.
Matthew wrapped an arm around her and suggested, “Let’s go out and eat.
What do you feel like having?”
Stella shook her head, leaving the choice to him.
“You pick.
”
They headed towards the car, and Matthew opened the door for her.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Just then, Stella heard her name called from behind.
Stella turned around, looking puzzled.
Miley, breathless, caught up to her and said, “I rushed here after watching the press conference live.
I was worried I’d missed you.
”
“Don’t worry.
Everything’s fine now,” Stella comforted her, offering support.
Miley, finally catching her breath, looked at Stella with annoyance.
“Why didn’t you tell me about this? Aren’t we friends?”
“Of course, we are,” Stella responded with a gentle smile.
“Back then, things were too complex, and I didn’t want to add to your worries.
###chapter1377
But now, everything’s turned out just fine, right? I’m fine now.
Don’t be angry.
”
Miley grunted, “You always keep things from me!”
“IU fill you in next time.
”
“Don’t talk like that!” Miley playfully nudged Stella’s forehead.
“Let’s hope there’s no next time.
We deserve some peace.
”
Stella smiled and changed the topic.
“We’re about to celebrate.
Do you want to come?”
Seeing Matthew’s reluctance, Stella asked, “What’s wrong? Is there a problem?”
Matthew glanced at Miley and said, “I just invited Neville.
”
Stella asked Miley, “Will you come?”
Miley’s silent compliance reassured Stella that their relationship was on the mend.
Taking the lead, she gently guided Miley into the car.
They ended up at a seaside restaurant chosen by Matthew.
The stunning view there brightened Stella’s spirits.
The restaurant’s simple decoration fostered a calm ambiance.
Neville, who arrived first and seemed reserved, quickly warmed up when he saw Miley.
He kindly offered the chair beside him, inviting Miley to take a seat.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Thank you,” Miley replied.
Once they had all settled in and ordered, Neville turned to Miley excitedly, announcing, “I’ve got some great news.
”
Matthew’s curious look urged him to share more.
With suppressed excitement, Neville revealed, “I’ve arranged a medical consultation in Dorburn with Benjamin’s team.
There’s a real chance my health issue could be resolved.
”
Miley showed a flicker of surprise but composed herself swiftly.
Lifting her glass, she offered the first toast to Neville, saying, “Here’s to a speedy recovery for you.
”
Neville reciprocated the toast, his gaze fixed on Miley as he asked earnestly, “Would you accompany me there?”
Miley paused, avoiding his earnest look, and whispered, “I’ll think about it.
”
###chapter1378
At these words, a shadow passed briefly over Neville’s eyes.
The mood around the table lost some of its earlier cheerfulness.
Stella attempted to revive the spirits.
“Let’s focus on the positive.
Plus, I’ve finally shaken off that public criticism.
”
Their glasses clinked in a unified gesture of optimism.
The dinner concluded on a cheerful note.
After the meal, Matthew and Stella lingered, strolling along the shore, their hands intertwined.
Walking on the beach, Stella felt a sense of immense relief wash over her.
She paused, closed her eyes, and inhaled deeply, embracing the peaceful moment.
Matthew admired Stella’s beautiful side profile and smiled slightly.
“We’ll have our wedding once you’re done with this film.
”
Looking up at the sky, Stella sighed and said, “How quickly time passes.
It’s nearly been a year.
”
They sat together on the sand, enjoying the quiet.
Yet, this peaceful moment was soon broken by a phone ring.
Matthew’s expression turned serious as he pulled out his phone, noticing a call from Fernando.
He picked up, and Fernando’s grave tone filled the air.
“Mr.
Clark, we found Benny.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s face darkened.
He said into the phone, “Hold on a moment.
”
Casting a glance at Stella, he excused himself, stating, “I have a matter that demands my attention.
”
Observing his unusual demeanor, Stella nodded in understanding.
Matthew rose, traversed a brief distance, and then turned back to his phone.
“Proceed,” he instructed.
Fernando promptly divulged the intricacies of the investigation.
“after Benny’s disappearance, we diligently followed your directives and scrutinized the nearby hospitals.
A witness reported a person matching his description there in Pinster Hospital.
”
Pinster Hospital’s clandestine nature heightened suspicions of Benny’s presence within its walls.
Matthew’s expression changed as he asked, “Did you confirm with the hospital?”
###chapter1379
Fernando replied, “We did, but we found nothing.
”
Matthew stood in contemplation, his gaze fixed on Stella at a distance, exuding calm profundity.
After a moment of reflective silence, he ordered, “Continue the investigation meticulously.
Interrogate the hospital staff thoroughly.
Keep me informed promptly of any developments.
”
“Got it!”
Closing the call, Matthew clutched the phone tightly.
Benny’s menacing image with a gun aimed at Stella lingered in his thoughts.
He did not want to go through that again.
He was determined to spare Stella from such peril.
She should be able to enjoy the sea breeze as carefree as now.
With their imminent wedding on the horizon, all he wanted was to give her happy memories.
There wasn’t any place for any accident at this point.
He was determined to nip any lurking dangers in the bud and leave no stone unturned in ensuring their safety.
After regaining his composure, Matthew returned to take a seat beside Stella.
Stella’s eyes fluttered open, and she shifted her gaze towards him, sensing that something was amiss.
Instantly, she sat up straight and inquired, “What’s the matter? Is there something happening?”
Not wanting to cause her concern, Matthew reassured, “It’s alright; just work matters.
I’ve got everything under control.
No need to worry.
”
Despite her persistent worry, Stella clasped Matthew’s hand, expressing with earnestness, “Matthew, I’m your wife.
If something is truly amiss, you can’t keep it from me.
I’m here to share both joy and adversity with you.
”
Matthew smiled, extended his arms to encircle her, and planted a tender ki*s on the top of her head.
“I know.
You’re a wonderful wife.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Even after Benny’s discharge, the necessity for medication persisted.
Flossie faithfully visited Pinster Hospital every week to collect his prescribed medicines.
As Flossie gathered her medication and prepared to depart, a nurse intercepted her.
Identifying her as the one who had previously overseen Benny’s well-being, Flossie trailed behind the nurse, making their way to a nearby stairwell.
Cautiously, the nurse glanced around before discreetly shutting the door behind her.
In a low, confidential tone, she informed Flossie, “There’s been some scrutiny on your boyfriend lately.
”
###chapter1380
Flossie’s eyes widened a touch, her grip on the medication tightening as she inquired anxiously, “What’s happening? Who are they?”
“I don’t know.
” Shaking her head, the nurse attempted to provide a brief description from memory.
“There were likely two of them, tall and dressed in black suits.
They looked like they meant trouble.
”
The nurse appeared visibly shaken as she continued, “Has your boyfriend gotten involved with someone? They keep questioning the nurses about his whereabouts.
”
Flossie felt a sense of bewilderment.
Nonetheless, she harbored a suspicion that those individuals might be the ones responsible for Benny’s injuries the other day.
She thought they’d have believed Benny was dead by now.
She couldn’t wrap her head around why they were all of a sudden making an appearance.
Observing the trepidation reflecting in Flossie’s eyes, the nurse comforted her.
“No need to lose sleep over it.
Our hospital takes patient confidentiality seriously, and as of now, we’ve kept mum on any details.
”
Flossie let out a breath she didn’t realize she was holding, yet she stayed on her guard.
After a brief contemplation, she directed the nurse, “Do me a favor and keep this under wraps.
If anyone inquires, simply convey that Benny has left us.
”
The nurse hesitated, reluctant to agree.
“Well… I don’t think this is the right choice.
”
However, the nurse yielded with a hesitant nod, swayed only by Flossie’s persistent pleas that seemed to stretch for an eternity.
Upon Flossie’s return home, the living room was devoid of the presence she longed to encounter.
The door to Benny’s room remained resolutely sealed.
Her heart was tinged with a hint of disappointment.
She had harbored hopes that sharing a roof with Benny might kindle a warmer bond between them.
Yet, since they moved in, their interactions were confined to fleeting moments during his sporadic ventures out for meals and medication.
At times, she reminisced about her days in the hospital with a peculiar fondness.
There, at least, their meetings were not bound by walls or schedules.
‘s BunnyBookery
With a gentle tap on Benny’s door, Flossie announced her presence.
“Benny, I’ve fetched your medicine from the hospital.
Please, come and take it.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Benny’s response was a soft murmur, his gaze fixed on a computer screen awash with updates on Matthew and Stella.
A frown marred his brow, lips pressed tightly together, his grip on the mouse betraying his simmering rage through the pronounced veins on his hand.
When he was in the hospital, he was in a critical state, but Matthew had a good time out there.
The injustice of it all fueled his anger, flames dancing in his eyes.
Yet, he endeavored to quell his emotions, immersing himself further in the sea of news.
A particular update caught his eye-the North city project was progressing without hindrance, and Carl remained elusive.
A sardonic laugh escaped Benny as he reached for his phone, dialing a familiar number.
“It’s me, Benny.
”
###chapter1381
“Hi, Benny, how are things going?”
“I need your help.
” Benny went straight to the point.
“Could you put me in touch with Carl? I have a message for him.
”
The assurance from the other end was swift.
“Don’t worry.
I promise, I’ll manage it smoothly.
”
“Thank you.
” Then Benny hung up the phone.
His mind momentarily wandered before recalling Flossie’s reminder about his medication.
He lingered for a moment, then decisively shut down his computer and exited his room.
Outside, Flossie was a bundle of nerves, debating whether to knock again but fearing she might intrude upon his solitude or worse, provoke his ire.
As she wavered, the sound of the door opening heralded Benny’s appearance.
Their eyes met, and Flossie, momentarily taken aback, quickly masked her surprise with a smile, “I was just about to remind you about your medication.
I’ve prepared a glass of water for you; it’s lukewarm.
”
Benny approached with a stoic demeanor, his gaze briefly settling on the cup before he methodically inspected the pills and swallowed them.
Witnessing his methodical behavior, Flossie’s smile faded into a more restrained expression.
After setting down the cup, Benny turned to retreat to his study but paused upon hearing Flossie’s voice.
“Benny.
” Flossie felt upset.
“Don’t you trust me at all?”
The hurt in her question was palpable.
Benny turned away from her, his voice icy with resolve.
“I nearly lost my life.
Caution is now my creed.
There’s much I still need to accomplish.
”
“Do you want to take revenge?” Flossie’s voice cut through the tension.
At her question, Benny spun around, his gaze piercing, tension etched in the clench of his jaw.
He pondered how she had unraveled his intentions so swiftly, but then it dawned on him-she was his savior; of course, she understood his heart.
Acknowledging the truth, he confirmed, “Yes, revenge is my pursuit.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With a step closer, Flossie reached for his hand, her eyes earnest.
“Let me stand by your side in this.
”
Benny’s initial reaction was a flicker of surprise, swiftly masked by a veneer of sarcasm.
“Do you even grasp who my enemy is? How dare you offer to help me?”
Flossie was aware of her limitations.
Yet, from the moment she had saved him, she had silently vowed to be his unwavering support.
“I don’t know who is your enemy,” she admitted, her head shaking slightly, yet her gaze remained unwaveringly resolute.
“Regardless of who stands against you, my support is yours.
From the moment I saved your life, I’ve committed to stand by you, unwavering.
”
###chapter1382
Benny scrutinized Flossie’s face, searching for any hint of falsehood in her steadfast declaration.
Flossie pressed on, revealing, “Someone has been looking for you at the hospital.
”
At her words, a shadow passed over Benny’s features, his eyes darkening with contemplation.
After a moment, he responded with a cold sneer, “Then let’s unveil the truth to them.
”
“The truth?” Flossie’s confusion was palpable.
“We’ll lead them to believe I am dead.
That way, I can maneuver freely.
” Benny’s plan was clear.
Flossie, grasping his intent, couldn’t help but smile.
“I’ve already set that in motion.
”
Matthew and Stella went to Matthew’s grandparents’ for dinner two days on.
En route, Matthew’s phone buzzed with a message from Fernando.
The text detailed the investigation’s findings.
“Hospital records show Benny was admitted the day he got injured, but he didn’t make it.
No one claimed him, so the hospital handled the cremation.
We’ve located Benny’s final resting place in the cemetery.
”
Reading through, Matthew breathed a sigh of relief.
He texted back, steady as ever, “Need to know who took Benny to the hospital.
”
Fernando’s reply came swift.
“On it! Heading to find out now.
”
After Matthew pocketed his phone, the weight that had burdened him lifted, giving way to a subtle smile.
Stella caught the shift in his demeanor and inquired with a smile of her own, “All sorted?”
“Yep.
” He nodded.
“Cleared a big hurdle.
”
“That’s wonderful.
You’ve seemed off lately, which had me worried.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Grasping her hand, Matthew offered, “My apologies for the concern.
It’s behind us now.
”
Stella responded not with words but by resting her head on his shoulder, seeking solace in the quiet.
The conversation faded into silence.
Upon their arrival at the villa, they were greeted with a Lavish spread.
Waldo presided over the meal, with Lucia positioned across from Stella and Matthew, persistently reminding Matthew to look after Stella.
The meal unfolded in pleasant accord.
###chapter1383
At one point, Waldo signaled to the maid.
“Please fetch the invitation from the living room.
”
Stella exchanged a look with Matthew, both puzzled.
The maid returned promptly, presenting the invitation to Matthew at Waldo’s signal.
Grinning broadly, Waldo remarked, “After everything you’ve both endured, a little diversion is in order.
How about the ball this weekend?”
Stella unfolded the invitation, her eyes lighting up at the mention of a cruise ball, set for this very weekend.
“It’s aboard the Clark family’s yacht, featuring a grand ball as we navigate the full length of the Seamarsh River,” Waldo added, his voice full of anticipation.
“Make sure to bring Stella along, Matthew.
I’m looking forward to hearing about your wonderful time.
”
Matthew was surprised by Waldo’s initiative.
“Grandpa, what inspired you to throw a cruise ball out of the blue?”
Stella leaned in, equally curious.
Waldo, caught slightly off guard, glanced at Lucia before sharing, “Your grandmother and I met for the first time at a ball, you see.
”
Stella gasped, a romantic tale she hadn’t anticipated.
Lucia shot Waldo a mock stern look, teasing, “He’s always full of surprises.
”
Her tone was playful, yet her smile was sincere, a testament to shared joy.
Stella, observing their exchange, felt a twinge of longing for such a connection.
Matthew asked Stella, “What about your crew this weekend? Can you join?”
After a brief pause, Stella answered, “I’m free that day, so I’ll request tim
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
e off from the director.
”
“It’s decided then,” Waldo stated, sealing the plan.
As the evening wound down and they made their way home, Stella expressed a desire to bring Miley and Flossie to the ball, to which Matthew readily agreed.
Once home, Stella wasted no time messaging Miley.
“Got any plans this weekend? Fancy a ball for some downtime?”
Miley’s response came quickly.
“This weekend’s booked for Neville’s doctor visit.
”
Hesitating slightly, Stella ventured, “What’s happening with you two?
Are you getting back together?”
Miley’s answer left things open-ended.
“We’ll see if fate has a second chapter in store for us.
”
Stella had a deep understanding of Miley’s nature.
She was confident that Miley would speak up in her own time if she had something to share.
Hence, Stella didn’t push the matter.
###chapter1384
She replied, “Travel safely, and remember, Matthew and I are here if you need anything.
”
After ending the conversation with Miley, Stella messaged Flossie.
She and Flossie hadn’t crossed paths since they bumped into each other at the hospital.
After a brief pause, Stella asked, “Flossie, how’s your relative doing now?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Expecting a late reply, Stella was surprised when Flossie responded immediately, “Much better, thank you.
What’s up?”
Stella then mentioned the upcoming ball.
“We’re having a ball this Saturday.
It’d be great if you could come.
It’s always more fun with more friends.
”
“When’s the event?”
“This Saturday,” Stella answered.
“The event will end early, and if your relative is well enough, he’s invited too.
”
A few minutes later, Flossie texted, “I’ll confirm by tomorrow.
”
Stella sent an emoji in response but didn’t say more.
She browsed her recent chats with Flossie, pondering.
Flossie’s recent actions seemed unusual as if she was being influenced.
Stella tried to dismiss her doubts, thinking maybe their friendship had just faded due to less interaction.
She tossed her phone onto the bed and went to the closet to select a gown for the upcoming ball.
Flossie was considering Stella’s invitation.
She longed to go to the ball with Benny, but the days they had recently spent together made it evident that his lack of trust in her would prevent him from saying yes.
Benny came out of his study and saw Flossie deep in thought on the sofa.
He poured a glass of water and returned to find her still lost in her thoughts.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Breaking the silence, he asked, “What are you thinking about?”
Flossie snapped out of her reverie.
Looking into Benny’s eyes, she let out her inner conflict.
“I have plans this Saturday.
Would you like to join me?”
She noticed Benny’s indifferent reaction to her invitation, feeling a wave of disappointment wash over her as she looked away.
“It’s okay.
If you’re busy, I can go by myself.
”
“What’s the occasion?” Benny asked casually.
Flossie rarely asked him to join her on outings.
The request was intriguing and captured his attention.
Flossie’s face Lit up with enthusiasm.
“Stella invited me to a ball,” she expla
###chapter1385
Her eyes shone with hope as she looked at Benny, waiting for his answer, which unfortunately didn’t meet her expectations.
“I can’t attend.
I’m already committed to something else on Saturday.
But have a great time.
”
A subtle smile crept onto Benny’s lips.
He didn’t expect this chance to arise so soon.
Flossie, although slightly disheartened, was still thrilled about the ball.
Her social activities had been limited lately, mostly overshadowed by her time with Benny.
The thought of an evening out, an escape from the routine, was too good to pass up.
“Be careful when you go out.
I’ll make sure to return early,”
Flossie advised.
She knew Benny wouldn’t be escorting her to meet his friends, so she decided to carve out her path for the night.
Benny opened his mouth to say something, but then his phone rang.
He checked the caller ID, excused himself to his study, closed the door, and took the call.
“Carl is ready to meet you.
But he insists that you come by yourself.
”
Benny’s grim expression softened.
“Send me the time and address.
I’ll be right there.
”
After hanging up the phone, he put on his mask and hat and walked out of the study.
When Flossie noticed Benny’s outfit, she knew he was going out.
She couldn’t help asking, “Where are you going?”
Benny paused and responded evasively, “I’ll see someone who can help me.
I’ll try to
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
come back soon.
”
After saying this, he took his car keys and went out.
Benny drove for a long time before he finally pulled over beside an arcade.
As soon as Benny got out of the car, two men in black approached him and verified his identity.
Then, they led him inside.
The arcade was dimly lit and smoky.
There was only a big table in the middle.
And on the table were several bottles of wine and a steaming hot pot.
A rugged man with a scar on his face sat at the main seat, eating hot pot with relish.
This man should be Cart.
Benny observed Carl with a stoic expression.
Carl raised his head and looked at Benny.
“Sit down and join me.
”
###chapter1386
His voice was hoarse.
It was Like gravel rubbing against the ground.
Benny remained calm.
He sat opposite Carl, and someone immediately put tableware in front of him.
He glanced at it, but he didn’t move.
Carl took a few bites of meat, looked at Benny’s untouched plate, and asked nonchalantly, “Are you afraid I will poison you? Since you dare to request this meeting, why are you hesitant to have a meal with me?”
Benny looked at Carl expressionlessly.
“I have business with you.
”
“You are so impatient.
No matter how urgent it is, a man has to finish his meal first, right?” Carl smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes.
Benny had no plans of exchanging pleasantries with Carl.
So, he said, “I know about the grudge between you and Matthew.
It so happens that we also have irreconcilable conflicts.
So, I think we can cooperate to deal with him together.
”
The expression on Carl’s face changed.
He looked at Benny with scrutiny.
After a moment of silence, he asked, “What do you propose for this collaboration?”
“I have men.
My former subordinates in Highwyn will still follow me.
”
As he spoke, Benny glanced at the few bodyguards behind Carl.
Then.
he looked at Carl again and said calmly, “I think this is what you lack the most right now.
”
Carl fixed his eyes on Benny’s face.
He had been running away during this period, and his manpower was indeed dwindling.
After being silent for a while, he suddenly broke into laughter.
“It seems you have planned meticulously.
If you provide the manpower, then what do you require from me?”
“Heavy weaponry,” Benny replied bluntly.
“I know you have some in stock.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Carl laughed again.
But this time, it was full of mockery.
“Young man, it’s good that you are ambitious.
But don’t overestimate yourself.
I can easily hire people.
But weapons aren’t so easily acquired.
Even if you have wealth, it isn’t that easy to acquire weapons.
With a mere handful of men, you’re not in a position to bargain with me.
”
Then, he turned to the bodyguards and ordered, “Show him out.
”
But Benny didn’t waver.
He said confidently, “But I’m a Clark.
”
As soon as Benny said this, Carl immediately raised his hand to stop the bodyguards, who were about to rush to Benny.
He fixed his gaze on Benny as if trying to confirm the truth in his words.
Benny met Carl’s gaze unflinchingly.
“After I get rid of Matthew, you can choose any of the current projects of the Clark family.
”
“Are you really from the Clark family?” Carl’s eyes narrowed.
His brows furrowed tightly as he fell into deep thought.
“If I remember it correctly, your name is…”
“Benny Clifford.
”
“Your last name is different.
How can you prove you are a Clark?
###chapter1387
Besides, if you are really from the Clark family, why didn’t you go back to them? I remember that Matthew is also an illegitimate child.
”
Benny’s eyes darkened, and his hands resting on his thighs clenched slightly.
“It’s simply because I hate the entire Clark family.
Carl, you also got into trouble because of Matthew, right? If you still have doubts about me, let me share some information with you first.
I want to prove my sincerity in wanting to work with you.
”
“Fine.
I’m all ears.
”
“The Clark family is throwing a yacht party this weekend.
I think it’s the perfect time to get rid of Matthew,” Benny offered.
Carl thought for a moment.
Then, he chuckled heartily.
“Well, Benny, I appreciate your candor.
You’re a ruthless one.
”
He picked up his glass, raised it, and hinted at Benny to do the same.
They clinked glasses, sealing their temporary alliance.
Benny indulged in drinks at Carl’s place until the night was already deep when he stumbled back home.
The alcohol had numbed his senses, leaving him barely able to navigate his own doorstep.
‘s BunnyBookery
Meanwhile, Flossie had been waiting anxiously in the living room, her fatigue eventually lulling her to sleep on the sofa.
She was abruptly jolted awake by a loud thud against the door, signaling Benny’s return.
Rushing to the entrance, Flossie found Benny propped up against the door, his eyes struggling to stay open.
Smelling the strong scent of alcohol, Flossie guided him to his room.
Benny was so intoxicated that his steps were staggered, and he struggled to maintain his balance.
He nearly tumbled onto Flossie, who then aided him to his bed, already feeling breathless from the effort.
She removed his coat, her voice a soft murmur filled with concern.
“You’re still recuperating, Benny.
How could you drink so much?”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Benny murmured in response, “I was in high spirits after sealing a deal, so I had a few drinks.
”
His expression darkened, a hint of pain crossing his features.
Sympathy welled up in Flossie as she sat by his bedside, gently massaging his forehead to ease his headache.
Gradually, Benny began to relax, the room falling into a tranquil silence.
Listening to his steady breathing, Flossie rose and tucked him into bed carefully.
Just as she prepared to leave, Benny’s grip tightened around her wrist, his voice barely a whisper.
“Don’t go… Please, don’t leave me here…”
Flossie’s heart skipped a beat as she felt his grip tighten, rendering her motionless with uncertainty.
###chapter1388
In that instant, Benny’s eyes fluttered open, pulling Flossie into an embrace as he nestled his head against her chest.
His voice, barely above a whisper, pleaded softly, “Please don’t leave…”
This time, Flossie heard his plea loud and clear.
She was taken aback, utterly surprised by Benny’s sudden initiative.
It was the first time he had ever shown such emotion.
Captivated by Benny’s embrace, Flossie stood motionless, savoring the warmth of his breath as she responded with care, “Alright, I’ll stay.
”
Suddenly, Benny lifted his head, his handsome face hovering close to Flossie’s.
She could feel the warmth of his breath against her skin as their eyes met.
She felt flustered under his intense gaze, her cheeks flushing as she struggled to find her voice.
Her hands and feet grew stiff with nervous anticipation.
As Flossie found herself at a loss for words, Benny unexpectedly pulled her closer with force, causing her to tumble into his chest.
Beneath the thin layer of fabric, Flossie could sense the warmth of his skin and his solid chest.
She drew in a deep breath, intending to stand, but before she could react, Benny’s Lips met hers in a passionate ki*s.
Flossie’s eyes widened slightly in disbelief at the suddenness of Benny’s actions.
She felt the impulse to push Benny away, but he held her tightly, his grasp growing firmer with each passing moment.
She closed her eyes, surrendering to the moment as she immersed herself in the intensity of the ki*s.
As the ki*s deepened, Flossie found herself beneath Benny, gazing up at him with affection and longing.
Benny gently ran his fingers through her hair, tilting her neck upwards as he leaned down to ki*s her once more.
With no other thoughts occupying her mind, Flossie allowed herself to fully indulge in the intimacy she shared with Benny.
In that moment, all Flossie desired was for Benny to belong entirely to her.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Flossie nestled into the man’s embrace, a sense of contentment washing over her.
Raising her gaze, she beheld his handsome and captivating visage, a smile naturally gracing her lips.
Was Benny ready to take their relationship to a deeper level?
Flossie felt a surge of happiness, believing that she had finally influenced Benny in a positive way.
As she shifted her body closer to him, Flossie heard Benny murmuring once more in the quiet of the room.
Flossie inched closer, straining to make out the words escaping his Lips.
“Evelyn, I promise to treat you right.
Having you here is truly wonderful.
”
###chapter1389
Upon hearing Benny utter Evelyn’s name, Flossie was struck with disbelief.
She wished it was a misunderstanding, yet Benny’s whispers of Evelyn’s name persisted, resonating in her ear.
Her heart felt as though it was being cleaved in two.
Tears cascaded down her cheeks as she attempted to push Benny away, only for him to grasp her more firmly.
“Evelyn, don’t go.
” Benny, with his eyes sealed shut, planted a ki*s on Flossie’s forehead in an attempt to offer solace.
Flossie cried even harder, her confusion deepening as Benny seemed oblivious to her presence, fixating solely on Evelyn.
Flossie had rescued him, asking for nothing in return, holding onto the simple wish that he might notice her.
Even occasional conversations with him would have filled her with joy.
She had imagined that tonight’s events would mark the beginning of a relationship with Benny, only to discover it was a figment of her imagination.
Benny remained unchanged.
She was the one lost in a fantasy of a relationship with him.
Tears streamed down Flossie’s cheeks as she lay motionless in Benny’s arms, the joy and excitement she had experienced mere moments ago dissipating into a profound emptiness.
After what felt Like an eternity, Flossie noticed Benny’s breathing gradually become more even, his hold on her waist loosening slightly as he drifted into a deep slumber.
Gently, Flossie disentangled his hand and rose to her feet.
She gathered the scattered clothing from the floor and exited the room.
‘s BunnyBookery
In the bathroom, Flossie stood beneath the cascade of the shower, allowing the water to envelop her.
Surrounded by the steam, her turmoil began to subside.
Returning to her bedroom, Flossie lay on the bed but found sleep elusive.
Every time she closed her eyes, the echo of Benny calling out for Evelyn haunted her, a harsh reminder that he would never truly be hers.
In a sudden impulse, Flossie rose from the bed, flicked on the light, and settled against the headboard.
After a considerable time had passed, Flossie regained her composure.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She opened the drawer and retrieved the letter Evelyn had left for Benny.
Initially, she intended to deliver it once he was fully recuperated, but having witnessed his unresolved feelings, she reconsidered.
The turmoil within her kept sleep at bay, and eventually, she returned the letter to its place.
Flossie continuously reassured herself to remain patient, reminding herself of the long journey she had already endured.
She held on to the belief that Benny would one day reciprocate her feelings.
That night, Benny slept soundly.
Upon awakening the following morning, he lay there, gazing at the ceiling, lost in thought until the events of the previous night gradually resurfaced.
He remembered his encounter with Flossie…
###chapter1390
Benny rose from the bed, finding himself alone in the room, yet the disheveled bed sheets served as a silent reminder of the intimacy he shared with Flossie the previous night.
Benny’s mind went blank for a moment as he sat on the edge of the bed, lost in thought.
After a prolonged pause, he finally rose from the bed, making his way to the bathroom to wash away the lingering traces of the night before.
Exiting the bedroom, he discovered Flossie having breakfast in the dining room.
She looked up briefly, inviting him to join her as if it were any other day.
Benny pursed his lips.
Observing her serene demeanor, a whirlwind of emotions stirred within him.
Wearing a mask of indifference, he pulled out the chair opposite her and took a seat, preparing to have breakfast.
Throughout breakfast, he found himself glancing up repeatedly, only to discover Flossie quietly eating with her head bowed, seemingly unaffected by the events of the previous night.
Was this a normal reaction?
Given Flossie’s fiery temperament, one might expect her to demand an explanation from him.
This uncharacteristic silence puzzled him.
Was her calm demeanor now suggesting that his memories were merely figments of a dream?
Breaking the silence, Benny began, “I apologize for last night.
I had too much to drink…”
“There’s no need for apologies.
We’re both adults here.
No need to regret what happened,” Flossie cut him off, her voice laced with detachment.
“Okay,” Benny responded, his voice equally detached as he returned to his meal.
Flossie remained silent until she finished her breakfast, not uttering another word.
Benny set down his utensils, rose from the table, and began to walk away.
Abruptly, he halted, turning back to face Flossie.
“Don’t forget to take pills.
”
Flossie’s hands trembled slightly.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a moment of silence, she lifted her gaze to Benny’s departing back and inquired, “Do you still think of Evelyn?”
Benny halted in his tracks and pivoted to face her.
A flash of surprise crossed his eyes before his expression darkened considerably.
This was the first occasion Flossie had broached the subject of Evelyn in his presence.
Benny fixed his gaze on her for several seconds before responding icily, “That’s none of your concern.
”
Flossie was taken aback by his harshness.
With a forced smile, she revealed, “You uttered her name in your sleep last night.
”
Benny found her forced smile profoundly irksome.
He scowled and retorted sharply, “She’s my fiancee.
What’s wrong with that?”
A sensation of profound hurt welled up in Flossie.
In a tone laced with self-derision, she posed, “So, after all this time together, I mean nothing to you?”
###chapter1391
Following a brief pause, Benny suggested, “You should go and take pills.
”
He hesitated, then added impatiently, “And don’t bring up Evelyn again.
If you do, I won’t hesitate to throw you out.
”
With that, he turned and strode away.
Watching his receding figure, Flossie felt a pang of heartache.
She remained silent for a moment, then quietly resumed her breakfast.
Afterwards, Flossie tidied up the tableware, while Benny secluded himself in his room and never came out.
As Flossie was about to leave, she cast a final glance at the closed door of Benny’s study.
With an expression devoid of emotion, she headed out.
Near her home stood a pharmacy.
Clutching the birth control pills, Flossie waited in line, pondering if she would want the child should she find herself pregnant.
The thought lingered.
Would she?
Subconsciously, Flossie touched her belly.
Her childhood was marked by loss.
Her mother passed away, and her father abandoned her at her aunt’s, vanishing thereafter.
From a tender age, she worked various jobs until an agent discovered her, launching her modeling career.
Over the years, she overcame challenges and grew her career.
Despite scams and rejections, she persevered, and her life took a turn upon meeting Stella.
If she were pregnant, she wouldn’t dare to remain by Benny’s side, knowing he would insist on her having an abortion.
‘s BunnyBookery
But if she chose to have the baby, could she ensure a happy life for her little child?
Flossie pondered it deeply, but she couldn’t find an answer.
Seeing that she was next in line to pay, she clenched her teeth and returned the medicine to the shelf.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With determination, she walked out of the pharmacy.
Standing at the doorway, she gazed skyward, contemplating the possibility of pregnancy as a sign from the divine.
In that moment, she resolved to embrace whatever lay ahead.
As the weekend arrived, the Clark family’s ball commenced on schedule.
With the descent of evening, a gentle sea breeze caressed the surroundings.
Bathed in moonlight, the ocean waves danced energetically.
The Eternal, the Clark family’s luxurious cruise ship, shone brilliantly against the night, adorned with lavish and meticulous decorations.
The air was filled with the soft melodies of soothing music, as guests socialized, wine glasses in hand, creating a vibrant atmosphere.
The crowd’s attention was suddenly captured by an announcement.
“Mr.
Clark has arrived!”
A sleek black Maybach pulled up beside the cruise, immediately becoming the center of attention.
###chapter1392
The driver promptly opened the rear door, and Matthew stepped out.
He then gracefully opened the passenger door for Stella with a happy smile.
Stella emerged in a stunning pure white dress that highlighted her graceful figure and delicate neck, exuding allure and elegance.
She took hold of Matthew’s arm and boarded the cruise ship with him.
The light cast a glow on her face, enhancing her fair skin.
Happiness radiated from her bright eyes.
“Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark.
”
People passing by greeted them one after another.
Matthew nodded slightly, and Stella responded with a smile.
Suddenly, someone called out to her from behind.
“Stella.
”
Hearing the familiar voice, Stella turned around.
She was greeted by the sight of Flossie in a form-fitting brown leather dress that showcased her figure.
As Matthew was engaged in conversation by another guest, Stella excused herself to approach Flossie.
Grasping Flossie’s hand, Stella’s eyes betrayed a hint of pity.
“You’ve lost quite a bit of weight.
It must be exhausting caring for the patient.
Perhaps you should consider hiring a caregiver.
”
“Don’t worry.
I can manage,” Flossie replied, a hint of embarrassment crossing her features.
Obviously, Stella didn’t believe her words.
“But this isn’t sustainable.
You need to focus on your career too.
When do you plan to return to the company?”
“Soon,” Flossie assured, swiftly changing the subject.
“How have things been between you and Mr.
Clark lately?”
Stella blushed slightly.
“We’re doing great.
Despite recent challenges, our love for each other has only deepened.
”
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“That’s wonderful to hear,” Flossie responded, her smile tinged with effort.
“You finally have a happy ending.
I’m genuinely happy for you.
”
Meanwhile, the cruise buzzed with laughter and chatter as Carl’s henchmen discreetly boarded, quickly locating their intended target.
Watching the party unfold through a monitor, Benny’s gaze fixated on Matthew.
“We meet again.
”
His eyes narrowed with determination, he issued a chilling command.
“Matthew is well-guarded.
Focus on his wife.
Take care of her first.
”
Suddenly, the lights on the cruise grew dim.
The host, dressed in a sleek black tailcoat, made his way to the stage and announced, “Ladies and gentlemen, good evening.
We’re thrilled to have you at our cruise ball tonight.
I hope you’re all feeling wonderful.
”
###chapter1393
Following his introduction, a group of dancers, dressed to the nines, glided in from either side.
They moved gracefully to the music, elevating the event’s energy to its highest point.
The ballroom was alive with activity, the sound of glasses clinking filled the air, and the grand crystal chandeliers cast a captivating glow over the scene.
A prominent figure in the film industry escorted Matthew to the upper deck.
He had learned about Stella’s aspirations in the entertainment sector and sought to engage Matthew in a conversation about potential collaborations.
Matthew engaged in conversation with him for a bit but didn’t commit to anything.
Soon after, he excused himself and made his way back to the first floor in search of Stella.
By this time, the dance floor was packed.
The dim lighting and loud music created an enveloping atmosphere.
Matthew made his way through the crowd in search of Stella.
He recalled seeing Stella in conversation with Flossie before he had left.
But when he got there, the place was empty.
At the same time, Stella was out looking for Matthew.
“Stella, take it easy.
” Flossie was right behind her.
“This ship is just too big.
”
Stella couldn’t shake off a feeling of restlessness.
A lot had happened in a short period.
She roamed the first floor looking for Matthew but had no luck.
Her concern grew.
Just as they were about to head upstairs, a figure abruptly stood in their way.
Looking up, Stella saw a tall figure blocking her path, his face hidden behind a silver mask.
His gaze was unsettling.
Stella instinctively moved back.
“Stella?” The man’s voice sounded threatening, as if he was verifying her identity.
A sense of danger dawned on Stella, and her heart raced.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She tried to flee with Flossie, but in a swift move, the man drew a knife and swung at her.
In her frantic attempt to dodge the blade and with Flossie right behind her, Stella hesitated for a split second, and the knife grazed her lifted hand.
Her dress quickly soaked up the blood that started dripping.
The music inside the ballroom was at its loudest, which meant their struggle went unnoticed.
Stella whimpered in pain as the hurt spread throughout her body.
“Help…” Her call for help was abruptly silenced when the man covered her mouth.
“Shut up! Do as I say, or I’ll end your life right here,” he whispered into Stella’s ear while scanning the area.
“Flossie, get out of here!” In a desperate move, Stella gathered all her strength and landed a kick on the man’s groin.
The man let out a cry of agony, his hold Loosening.
He spat out a curse as he saw Stella trying to run away.
“Damn it.
”
###chapter1394
Stella had only taken a few steps when the man grabbed her shoulder, pulling her back towards him.
In the faint light and with the music at its peak, he saw his chance to take Stella away.
He dragged Stella with force when he was suddenly hit on the head by a wine glass, causing red wine to drip down his face.
Flossie stayed put, determined to rescue Stella.
Feeling scared under the man’s fierce look, Flossie’s hands trembled, and she dropped the remaining part of the wine glass.
The noise finally caught the attention of the people nearby.
The man pulled Stella along and held onto Flossie with his other hand, growling, “You’ll regret this.
”
“Ah!” Their screams filled the air, but the man’s scary look kept anyone from stepping in.
Stella acted first, pushing Flossie away while yelling, “Run! Don’t mind me.
Just get away!”
She was aware the man was after her and she couldn’t risk Flossie’s safety again.
“Run?” The man mocked Stella with a sneer, suggesting her bravery was foolish.
“None of you will escape.
”
He drew a gun, held it to Stella’s head, and then aimed it at the onlookers.
“Move back, or I’ll shoot!”
People ran in every direction, their hearts pounding with fear.
The gunman pushed the gun against Stella’s side and pursued Flossie with determination.
‘s BunnyBookery
Before arriving, Carl had made his expectations clear.
Failure was not an option, for i
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
t would mean his end.
With no alternatives, he pressed on.
With that realization, he picked up his pace.
He easily caught up with Flossie, whose dress hindered her escape.
Clutching her firmly, he exclaimed, “Bitch, you’ve messed up everything I planned! Stay still!”
Flossie let out a scream just as he was on the verge of firing.
Stella yelled out, “Don’t harm her!”
In the midst of the chaos, the man came to a sudden stop.
He heard a voice in his earpiece instructing, “Leave her.
Focus on Stella!”
With a frown, the man let Flossie go, though he was hesitant.
###chapter1395
You’re Lucky,” he murmured.
Right after, he pulled Stella closer to him, and that was when everything plunged into darkness.
The cacophony of screams echoed throughout the vicinity, disorienting the man with its sudden intensity.
Plunged into impenetrable darkness, he strained his senses to pierce the veil around him, but found nothing.
Suddenly, a hand clamped tightly over his mouth from behind.
Despite his efforts to react, his vision blurred, and he quickly succumbed to unconsciousness.
In the fleeting moment before darkness took him, he realized the cloth pressed against his face was soaked with ether.
But it was too late.
His eyelids closed heavily, and he felt himself being dragged into the unknown.
Stella and Flossie, overcome with fear, collapsed to the floor, their breaths heaving in ragged gasps.
As Stella’s senses gradually returned, she noticed the menacing presence that had threatened their lives was gone.
They had survived.
However, as minutes passed without any light, the crowd around them grew increasingly agitated and anxious.
“Where are the damn exits?”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Why isn’t anyone in charge doing something?”
“We need to get out of here now, or we might not make it.
”
Attempting to stand, Stella felt a sharp pain as she pressed her hands against the floor, forcing her back down.
Amid her pain, a firm grip suddenly encased her wrist.
“Who is it? Release me!” she cried out, her voice quivering with the fear of her recent ordeal.
“It’s me.
”
The familiar timbre of the voice reached Stella, causing tears to shimmer in her eyes.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew helped Stella to her feet, and she collapsed into his arms, sobbing.
“Where were you just now? Why didn’t you come sooner?”
“I’m so sorry.
I was late,” Matthew replied, his voice carrying a tone of regret as he soothed her with gentle pats on her back, offering comfort and solace.
Stella shook her head.
“I’m alright, but what of Flossie? Is she alright?”
“She’s safe,” Matthew whispered reassuringly.
The ballroom lights flickered back to life, casting an unsettling light over the scene.
The surreal events that had unfolded seemed almost like a distant, hazy nightmare, except for the disheveled appearance of Flossie and the visibly injured Stella, which attested to the stark reality of their ordeal.
###chapter1396
Matthew’s attention was drawn to the injury on Stella’s palm, and a cold shiver ran through him.
With a resolute expression, he scooped Stella into his arms and began to move, leaving behind a trail of shocked whispers and stunned gazes from the crowd.
Amid the escalating chaos, the host stepped forward, his voice imbued with a practiced calm.
“We sincerely apologize for the unexpected disturbance.
The situation has been resolved, and we will now assist with your safe departure.
”
As the crowd’s panic began to ebb, they slowly dispersed, following the guidance provided.
Meanwhile, Benny’s gaze remained locked on the surveillance monitor, his expression morphing into a grim scowl.
His clenched fists revealed his frustration at the missed opportunity.
“Retreat,” he commanded, his voice sharp and authoritative.
With careful attention, Matthew carried Stella to the VIP suite aboard the cruise ship.
Gently setting her down on the sofa, he quickly fetched the first-aid kit.
Opening it, he retrieved a cotton swab and a bottle of iodine.
With a gentle yet steady hand, he carefully opened Stella’s palm, revealing a deep, jagged cut, the edges already starting to crust with blood.
A frown creased Matthew’s forehead as he prepared to clean the wound.
“I’ll be as gentle as possible.
We need to clean this right away to avoid infection.
” Are you hurting anywhere else?” he inquired.
Stella shook her head, her gaze meeting Matthew’s as he carefully tended to her wound.
“No.
”
Matthew’s touch was as light as a feather, yet the application of antiseptic caused Stella to wince.
At that moment, the doorbell rang.
Matthew set aside the swab and went to answer it.
The ship’s doctor was waiting on the other side.
With a nod of acknowledgment, Matthew stepped aside to let him enter.
       Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The doctor, with his precise and expert care, attended to Stella’s wound, reassuring her, “It’s not a deep cut.
Just ensure it stays dry for a few days, and you’ll be as good as new.
”
“Okay,” Matthew responded, a wave of guilt sweeping over him as he held Stella close.
Stella examined her bandaged hand, ruefully reflecting on her recent string of misfortunes.
Barely had she navigated through one public relations crisis when she found herself caught in yet another dilemma.
She couldn’t help but speculate about the orchestrator of this latest attack.
Just as Stella was about to speak out, the doorbell interrupted her thoughts once again.
Matthew promptly stood and went to the door.
Flossie was there.
“Is Stella here?”
###chapter1397
“She’s inside,” Matthew responded, his tone brief, as he welcomed Flossie inside.
Stella asked with concern, “Flossie! Are you hurt? Did the doctor see you?”
“I’m okay, just a few scr@pes and bruises.
” Flossie gave a slight shake of her head.
“But what about you? You took the knife for me.
”
“Oh, this? It’s nothing that a bandage can’t handle.
Don’t worry about me.
” Stella attempted to lighten the mood.
“How will you be getting back? We can drop you off.
”
“That’s kind of you, but I just came to check on you.
I should head back now.
” Flossie refused the offer.
“Mr.
Clark has cruise-related responsibilities to attend to, so I won’t overstay.
I’m just relieved you’re safe.
”
Stella looked at her friend, feeling a surge of guilt.
“I’m so sorry.
I invited you here to relax, and instead, this chaos unfolded.
And you were hurt because of me.
”
“It’s nothing.
We’re friends, after all.
You saved me; it could have been much worse.
I’ll head out now, but let’s catch up again soon.
”
Flossie, still slightly rattled by the events, waved off her concerns.
Stella did not press Flossie to stay longer.
Upon leaving the cruise ship, Flossie breathed in the fresh ocean air, allowing it to calm her nerves.
She decided to take a walk to clear her mind before heading home.
Unexpectedly, a car pulled up beside her during her stroll.
The window lowered, revealing Benny’s stoic face.
“Get in,” he commanded, his tone devoid of warmth.
Win a chance to read for free!
Flossie’s jaw dropped when she saw Benny.
Seeing Flossie just standing there, Benny urged impatiently, “Get in the car, now!”
Flossie knew for sure it was Benny this time.
She wasted no time, hopping into the car.
As she buckled up, she asked, “What brings you here?”
Ignoring her question, Benny scanned her and asked with concern, “You okay? Are you hurt?”
Taken aback, Flossie gawked at him.
“How’d you know I’m hurt?”
Benny squinted and said sharply, “I saw it myself.
”
Flossie glanced down.
There was blood on her dress and her hair was all over the place.
She fixed her hair and spilled everything to Benny about the cruise incident.
Finally, she said, “Thankfully, Mr.
Clark showed up in time.
Otherwise, I don’t know what would have happened to Stella and me.
It was terrifying.
But the cruise had tight security.
How’d that guy sneak on?”
###chapter1398
She patted her chest, still shaken.
Noticing Benny’s silence, Flossie turned to him, finding his face grim.
Remembering Benny’s meeting tonight, Flossie asked carefully, “You came for your meeting? How’d it go?”
Benny grunted, hitting the gas.
“Total disaster.
”
A hint of worry appeared in Flossie’s eyes.
She knew that this cooperation was very important to Benny.
She was afraid that he would flip if things went south.
“Um… Got any backup plan?” Flossie whispered.
Benny stared ahead, fretting.
“I missed a big shot.
I’ll have to wait for another.
But it may never come.
”
Flossie wanted to console him but was at a loss.
After a beat, she offered, “Chin up.
You’ll nail it next time.
”
She was clueless about Benny’s scheme, so she left it at that.
Benny stayed quiet.
They rode home in silence.
Pulling up, Benny said, “You head in.
I need a smoke.
”
Flossie figured he needed a breather, so she exited the car.
Once she left, Benny lit up.
Just then, his phone buzzed.
It was Carl.
Annoyed, Carl barked, “My guy’s busted.
He might squeal!”
Benny shrugged, unfazed.
“He’s a nobody.
We’ll bide our time.
”
Taking a drag, he mused, “At least we shook up Matthew’s missus.
That will send a message.
Carl inquired, “Who’s the lady with Stella?”
Benny scowled.
“Why?”
Carl grinned.
“She’s got my interest.
Bring her next time we chat.
”
Benny hung up, wearing a gloomy expression.
He thumped the steering wheel in frustration.
Meanwhile, Stella’s attacker got nabbed and spilled the beans-he was working for Carl.
###chapter1399
Fernando phoned Matthew.
“Mr.
Clark, what’s the move?”
It was Carl.
Matthew’s gaze turned icy.
Recalling Stella’s suffering, he ordered sharply, “Handle that guy.
”
In Dorburn, the moment Elizabeth got back, Bella grounded her and hired guards to camp at the door.
Elizabeth could barely make it to the garden; one step more and she’d hit a wall.
Bella had pulled strings to shut down any online chatter about Elizabeth and sentenced her to a month of house arrest.
With zilch to do, Elizabeth tried to read but couldn’t focus.
She was caged, while Stella was safe and her rep was intact.
‘s BunnyBookery
This was unacceptable to her.
Elizabeth glared at the book, picturing Stella’s smug face, anger brewing in her eyes.
Then, a knock on the door cut through her thoughts.
Elizabeth, already miffed, snapped, “Beat it!”
But the door swung open anyway, and in strolled Kristian.
Seeing his phony grin made Elizabeth’s skin crawl even more.
“Leave!”
Ignoring her, Kristian plunked a tray on the table, saying, “The maid said you haven’t eaten all day.
Here’s dinner.
Eat up.
”
Elizabeth scoffed.
Kristian stayed as cool as a cucumber.
“Gorgeous weather, huh? Moon’s shining bright.
You’ve been cooped up inside since you got back.
You must be getting cabin fever.
Why not take a stroll in the garden?”
“Kristian, what’s the catch? Are you trying to get me in trouble with Mom?” Elizabeth mocked.
She had beef with Bella, but this had nothing to do with Kristian.
“What are you on about? I’m your old man.
Bella’s my wife…”
“Spare me!” Elizabeth cut him off, her expression dark.
Every time he brought up their “family,” it felt Like a cruel joke to her.
“Get to the point,” Elizabeth snapped, her patience wearing thin.
But Kristian, unfazed by Elizabeth’s sass, just grinned wider.
###chapter1400
He played the caring dad.
“I know what went down in Seamarsh and that’s why your mom’s got you on lockdown.
”
Seeing Elizabeth’s scowl, Kristian got straight to it.
“I’ve got a plan for Stella.
”
At the mention of Stella, Elizabeth finally locked eyes with him.
“Spill it,” she demanded.
Kristian shrugged off her attitude.
“You’re scared Bella might claim Stella as her own flesh and blood, right?”
Elizabeth nodded.
“So?”
“We’ll make sure that never happens,” Kristian boasted, puffing up his chest.
Elizabeth furrowed her brow.
Why was Kristian offering this?
She inquired, “So spill, what’s the master plan?”
Kristian played it mysterious.
“Follow me downstairs.
All will be revealed.
”
After a brief ponder, Elizabeth decided she had to know.
Downstairs, she spotted a strange lady lounging in the living room, head buried in her phone.
Elizabeth’s stomach churned, thinking Kristian had brought home another woman while Bella was away.
Her expression soured.
“Seriously?
Is this your big reveal?”
Kristian sensed her misunderstanding and rushed to reassure her, “Take a closer look.
”
He called out the woman’s name and she Looked up.
Elizabeth’s jaw dropped in astonishment.
The woman bore a striking resemblance to Stella, especially from the nose down, but she was way older.
“What’s the deal?” Kristian beamed proudly.
“You catch my drift, right? It’s a simple sleight of hand.
”
Elizabeth regained her cool, arms crossed, and smirked.
“Okay, what’s the catch?”
She wasn’t buying that Kristian would do this out of the kindness of his heart.
Kristian had been waiting for this moment and was practically salivating.
Finally, he spilled, “ALL I want is some cash.
”
Elizabeth shot him a look laced with irony and disgust.
“That’s it? Easy.
”
###chapter1401
In Seamarsh, Matthew brought Stella back to Prosper Bay.
When Stella dozed off, Lucia called.
Lucia fretted over Stella on the phone.
“Matthew, is Stella asleep?
Your grandpa and I are both fretting over her after tonight’s mishap.
Should we send the doctor to check her out?”
“No, I already did,” Matthew reassured.
“The doctor’s seen to her wound and said it’s not too deep.
We just have to keep an eye on it for a bit.
Nobody wanted such a thing to go down.
Plus, the man was sent by Carl.
Matthew was the only one Carl wanted to deal with.
He was to blame for letting such a mess go unnoticed.
Lucia still felt bad.
“If you’re tied up with work, bring Stella over.
I can give her better care.
”
Matthew comforted her.
“Don’t stress.
I got this covered.
It’s late now.
You and grandpa should hit the hay.
Once Stella’s back on her feet, I’ll bring her by to see you.
”
Lucia wanted to say more, but in the end, she just sighed and hung up.
That night, Stella had nightmares from the pain and shock.
The next morning, she rose early.
Before she could head to the set, Matthew stopped her.
“It took two days off for you.
Luther’s going to shoot the male lead and supporting roles first.
Even if you go to set now, can’t shoot with your hand wrapped up.
”
Stella glanced at her bandaged palm and nodded.
“Sorry.
I didn’t do a good job protecting you this time.
You got hurt.
” Matthew sighed, eyeing Stella’s injured hand with remorse.
Stella gave him a comforting pat on the back, smiling.
“The doctor said it’s not serious.
Two days’ rest and it’ll be good as new.
I’ll chill at home, go over the script.
”
Matthew grumbled in response.
Stella snuggled up beside him, steering the conversation away.
“I’m starving.
What do you have for breakfast?”
Matthew eased up.
“I’ll whip something up.
What’s your fancy?”
“You’re a cooking whiz now? I can request anything?” Stella teased.
Matthew grinned.
“Just for you.
”
The tension lifted.
Stella headed to freshen up, urging Matthew to hit the kitchen.
By the time she made it downstairs, breakfast was ready.
###chapter1402
As she reached for the utensils, Matthew halted her, offering a forkful of food.
He intended to feed her.
Stella chuckled.
“Babe, I’ve only got one hand down.
The other’s fine.
I can manage.
”
Matthew shook his head, holding the fork firm.
“You need to take it easy for that wound to heal.
Too much movement, and it’ll slow things down.
”
Stella relented with a smile.
She didn’t argue, finishing breakfast with Matthew’s help.
Afterward, seeing Matthew showing no signs of heading to work, she reminded him, “It’s almost ten.
Aren’t you supposed to be at the office?”
“I’m off today, sticking around with you,” Matthew answered.
“What’s the plan? Watch TV or read the script?”
Stella sensed his concern and paused before reassuring him, “Your grandma once told me being Mrs.
Clark’s tough.
But you always have my back.
Last night was just a fluke.
I’ve got this.
Besides, you’re not just my hubby but also boss man to a whole bunch at Prosperity Group.
Can’t ditch work for me, right?”
Matthew chewed his lip, ready to speak when Stella’s phone buzzed.
He motioned for her to answer.
Seeing Clint’s name on the caller ID, Stella’s heart skipped a beat.
Did Clint know about the cruise incident?
With unease, Stella picked up.
Clint’s voice sounded stern.
“Stella, get back to Bysea pronto.
”
“Grandpa, what’s wrong?” Stella fretted.
“Are you okay?”
“We’ll chat when you’re here,” Clint insisted, voice firm.
The short phone call with Clint made Stella quite worried.
What could be so urgent in Bysea that her grandfather would suddenly ask her to return?
Naturally, Matthew noticed Stella’s worried expression, which made him a little nervous too.
“What did Grandpa say to you?” he asked.
Heaving a sigh, Stella told him everything Clint told her on the call.
She wanted Matthew to help her make a decision.
“Is Grandpa sick again? He was sick before, but he didn’t tell me.
Could he be seriously ill this time?”
The thought of Clint being seriously sick made Stella very nervous and she couldn’t sit still any longer.
She hurriedly stood up with the intention of packing her things.
“Hey, calm down first, okay? You shouldn’t overthink.
Perhaps there’s just something grandpa needs to discuss with you and it’s not convenient to talk about it on phone.
Don’t get too worked up,”
###chapter1403
Matthew comforted her.
Sure enough, his words managed to reassure Stella a little and she felt relieved.
But even so, she didn’t want to delay.
So, Matthew and Stella packed their luggage as quickly as they could and set off for Bysea.
When they arrived, Clint was the one who opened the door for them.
At the sight of her grandfather, Stella held the old man’s hands and examined him from head to toe.
It wasn’t until she was sure that he was fine that she breathed a sigh of relief.
While Stella was examining him, Clint noticed the gauze on her hand.
“What’s wrong with your hand? How did you get hurt?” he asked worriedLy.
Stella instinctively withdrew her hand and explained evasively, “I was busy cutting fabrics when I accidentally cut my hand.
I could have just put a Band-Aid on it, but Matthew insisted on applying gauze on the wound.
”
She secretly winked at Matthew.
Matthew immediately caught on to what she was hinting and said, “Grandpa, I was the one who bandaged her wound.
Don’t worry.
It’s really not a big deal”
Clint didn’t doubt Matthew’s words a bit, so the old man’s expression finally softened a little.
Stella quickly changed the topic.
“Grandpa, what’s so urgent that you asked me to come back in a hurry?”
It was only then that Clint remembered the important thing he had to tell her.
His expression became grave.
“The orphanage called me this morning and told me that someone has been looking for you.
”
His words made Stella’s heart beat faster.
There was a look of expectation in her eyes as she had her guess on who that person could be.
She asked in a trembling voice, “Grandpa, who is this person looking for me?”
“I don’t know.
ALL I know is that it’s a woman.
I’ve asked Oliver to drive her here.
They’ll be here soon,” Clint answered.
Stella was very nervous and she kept fidgeting with her fingers.
When she was lost in thought, a strong hand suddenly held hers.
The simply touch brought her back to reality and she turned her head to look at Matthew.
The calm expression on his face reassured her and helped her calm down.
Clint glanced at his watch.
“It’s already noon.
I guess you haven’t had lunch yet, right? Come inside; let’s have Lunch first.
They would probably arrive shortly after lunch time.
”
Stella agreed perfunctorily.
The truth was that she had no appetite and only agreed to please her grandfather.
She waited impatiently to see who this woman was.
But at the same time, she feared that she would be disappointed.
Matthew had been quiet the whole time.
He had the same guess as Stella, but he also had a strange feeling.
After lunch, the three people went back to the living room.
They had been there for just a few minutes when they heard some noise at the front door.
###chapter1404
Oliver opened the door and led a woman in.
Stella immediately stood up and when she saw the woman, she couldn’t take her eyes off her.
“Stella?” The woman was so excited that her eyes turned red at the sight of Stella.
She stepped forward and reached out to touch Stella.
However, at the last second, the woman took back her hand and stared at Stella.
Now, Stella and the woman were standing very close to each other.
‘s BunnyBookery
Looking at the woman in front of her, Stella’s mind went blank and she couldn’t say a word.
This woman looked like her a lot.
Was the woman her mother who she missed day and night?
So many times in her mind, Stella had imagined the scenario of the day when she and her mother would finally meet again.
But now that this day finally seemed to have arrived, she was speechless.
Staring intently at the woman’s face, Clint asked in disbelief, “Are you Stella’s mother? Is it really you?”
The woman shifted her gaze to Clint and nodded slightly.
“My name is Haley Ramos.
I didn’t want to abandon Stella.
I just didn’t have the chance to come back until today.
Thank you very much for the chance to see my daughter again.
”
She stepped forward and hugged Stella tightly.
“I’m sorry, darling.
I’m sorry I was away from you for all these years.
”
Stella was completely motionless in Haley’s arms, as she didn’t know how to react.
Matthew just observed the scene without saying a word.
With a slight frown, he thoroughly examined the woman.
Wasn’t Bella Stella’s biological mother? Who was this woman who suddenly appeared out of nowhere?
Was his investigation compromised?
Upon hearing Haley’s voice, Stella found herself entangled in a whirlwind of emotions.
Over two decades had slipped, and her mother remained but a phantom in the realm of her dreams.
The visage of her mother eluded her grasp.
The notion of encountering her mother had danced in her imagination, yet the sudden reunion struck like lightning on a clear day.
“I’m sorry, my dear girl.
You’ve weathered a storm in these years,”
Haley murmured, enfolding Stella in an embrace that spoke of a love transcending temporal gaps.
Inadvertently, her touch brushed against Stella’s hand.
A jolt of pain snapped Stella back to reality, eliciting a pained groan.
Haley released her grip instantly, cradling Stella’s hand with solicitous concern.
“What happened to your hand, my dear?” she inquired with genuine worry.
###chapter1405
Still wary, Stella withdrew her hand, responding, “Just an accident.
”
Fixing her gaze on Haley, she questioned, “Where were you? Why do you come to me now?”
Dropping her gaze, Haley revealed, “I miraculously survived a car crash that year.
Burdened with debts, I had no choice but to entrust you to Mr.
Anderson.
”
Tears traced down her face as she continued, “I had plans to reunite with you after securing a stable job, but fate had other plans.
I was abducted and sold to another country.
The journey home was fraught with suffering.
”
A lump formed in Stella’s throat; she understood the arduousness of Haley’s escape from the clutches of kidnappers.
Haley wiped her tears, resolutely meeting Stella’s gaze.
Clasping Stella’s hand, she vowed, “Stella, don’t hold it against me.
I had no choice back then.
I’m here to make amends now.
”
Observing the woman who bore a striking resemblance, Stella felt a profound sympathy for the trials Haley had faced.
She harbored no desire to cast blame, acknowledging that Haley’s escape was fueled by her yearning to reunite with her daughter.
With a nod, Stella embraced Haley, murmuring, “You’ve suffered a lot.
”
In what should have been a poignant mother-daughter reunion, Matthew observed with a cold, scrutinizing gaze.
His gaze fixed on Haley, his frown deepened, finding the woman’s sudden appearance laden with suspicion.
In that moment, Oliver and Juliette approached.
“Your mother hasn’t had dinner yet.
Stella, let her eat first.
You can talk after dinner,” Juliette suggested with a warm smile.
Stella released her hold on Haley, dabbing her tears away with a tissue.
“Let’s have dinner first.
”
“Okay,” Haley agreed.
As she prepared to escort Stella to the dining room, a hushed voice cut through the air.
Matthew’s piercing stare bore into Haley as he inquired, “Do you have any evidence to affirm you are truly Stella’s mother?”
His authoritative tone applied pressure, making Haley uneasy.
However, she had anticipated this moment and maintained composure.
Turning her head, she avoided Matthew’s probing eyes and explained, “I visited the orphanage and provided documents as evidence.
If you remain unconvinced, I’m open to a DNA test.
But I trust no mother would mistake her own daughter.
”
Her words failed to dispel Matthew’s skepticism; he continued to scrutinize Haley with growing curiosity.
Aware of Matthew’s knack for inducing stress, Stella intervened, cautioning him, “Matthew, cease with the questioning.
”
She guided Haley towards the dining room, reassuring her, “Matthew didn’t mean any harm.
Pay no mind to him.
”
Haley nodded, smiling in agreement.
“Certainly.
”
As Matthew continued to scrutinize Haley’s retreating figure, his instincts whispered of an underlying mystery in the unfolding situation.
Matthew lingered in the living room by himself for quite a while, his emotions swirling as he overheard laughter from the dining room.
He was determined not to let Stella down at this moment.
###chapter1406
If the woman turned out to be Stella’s mother, it meant his investigations had been off track.
However, should she harbor ulterior motives towards Stella, he was resolved not to let her cause any harm.
With these thoughts, Matthew chose to keep his cool.
He casually strolled into the dining room, appearing unbothered.
Haley glanced up and noticed Matthew approaching.
His slightly eased expression allowed her to relax a bit.
“Stella, I caught something on the news about you getting married.
How did you and your husband meet?” Haley inquired, her smile warm and interested.
Stella introduced Matthew.
“Our families have been close for years, and they played a role in bringing us together.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Mr.
Anderson has chosen well,” Haley remarked.
“What does your husband do? Are you managing your expenses okay? If you’re finding it tough, I’ve managed to save a bit over the years.
I’d be more than happy to give you some as a wedding gift.
”
Haley’s tone was filled with a regret for not being there for Stella, her sincerity apparent.
“I own a studio and manage quite a few projects, even collaborating with renowned directors.
And my husband runs his own business.
We’re doing just fine in covering our daily expenses.
” Stella shared her life story with Haley.
“Keep the money.
Don’t worry about me.
”
Haley’s face lit up with a broad smile.
She seemed truly glad that Stella had married a good man.
Meeting her mother felt a bit awkward for Stella at first, but as they conversed, she began to feel more comfortable.
She inquired, “What’s your job these days? And where are you staying?”
Haley looked down and answered, “I’ve just returned.
A lot has changed over the years.
I’m still job hunting and currently staying at a hotel.
”
Stella’s brow furrowed, and she quickly said, “Let me help you find a place.
Staying in a hotel isn’t a good long-term plan.
”
Haley glanced at Matthew, her voice filled with caution.
“I don’t want to be a burden.
Where I stay doesn’t matter.
Seeing you happy is all I want.
”
“You’re my mother.
Helping you is important to me,” Stella responded effortlessly.
Haley no longer protested.
Clint chimed in with a smile, “Stella’s really happy to see you back.
They’re planning a wedding next month.
You’re the person Stella most wants there.
It’s wonderful to have you here.
”
The dinner wrapped up with everyone in high spirits.
After they finished dinner, they moved to the living room for a conversation.
Matthew pulled Clint aside into the kitchen, saying in a hushed tone, “Do you really think Haley is the same woman who left Stella with you?”
Clint realized Matthew was still doubtful about Haley.
###chapter1407
He understood they needed to approach the situation carefully.
Racking his brain, Clint finally shook his head, admitting, “It’s been too long.
I can’t recall her face.
But she resembles Stella and approached her.
I believe it’s her.
”
Matthew’s concern deepened upon hearing Clint’s uncertain response.
He cautioned, “Let’s be careful.
”
Clint agreed, “I get your point.
Let’s arrange a DNA test in the next few days to be certain.
DNA tests won’t lie.
”
Matthew wanted to discuss further, but Stella’s call from the living room interrupted them.
“Matthew, it’s late.
We should take Haley back to her hotel.
” For some reason, calling Haley her mom felt strange to Stella.
As soon as they walked out of the house, Haley stopped, turned to Stella, and said with a smile, “I’m staying in a hotel nearby.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Oh, it’s okay.
We’ll walk you there,” Stella replied with a smile.
“Matthew and I both live in Seamarsh.
Since you haven’t found a job yet, why don’t you stay with us for the time being?”
Upon hearing this, Haley glanced at Matthew, looking somewhat conflicted.
Matthew must have felt her gaze because he raised his head and also looked at her.
He simply asked, “What kind of work did you do before?”
As usual, his voice was indifferent and with a hint of alienation.
But his tone was much better than before.
Haley slightly eased up.
She smiled at Matthew and answered, “I’m in the design field, just like Stella.
”
“Is that so?” Matthew seemed unconvinced.
“Can I see your design work?”
He thought Haley would find an excuse to decline.
He didn’t expect her to nod without hesitation.
“Yes, of course.
” After saying this, she took out her phone, opened the folder where her designs were saved, and handed it to Matthew.
Matthew took the phone and checked every design carefully.
Stella couldn’t resist her curiosity.
She also leaned over and had a look.
When Stella saw Haley’s design drafts, she was amazed.
Each stroke in every hand-drawn draft seemed casual, but they were remarkably exquisite when combined.
Stella couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration, “Wow, you’re really talented! Your skills are profound, and your design concepts are very clear.
”
Haley smiled faintly.
She humbly responded with a few words and then fell silent.
When Matthew saw that Haley was unfazed by his probing, he returned the phone to her.
###chapter1408
Matthew, Stella, and Haley kept chatting while walking.
Before they knew it, they had already arrived at the hotel.
Haley held Stella’s hand and said, “Stella, thank you for walking me here.
It’s good to see you again.
And I’m glad to see you in a happy relationship.
”
“I am happy to see you again, too,” Stella replied with a smile.
Haley reluctantly let go of Stella’s hand and said, “I want to chat with you tonight.
But Mr.
Anderson said you’ve just rushed over from Seamarsh today.
You had a long journey, so you need to have a good rest.
We can talk later.
”
“Actually, yes.
I’m a bit tired.
” Stella nodded firmly.
“You should also get some rest.
I’ll see you tomorrow.
”
She and Matthew stood there and watched Haley enter the hotel.
Haley waved goodbye to them with a smile.
But as soon as she turned around, her smile vanished at once.
She took the elevator to her room.
As soon as she opened the door, a big hand hugged her waist and pinned her against the wall.
Then, the man ki*sed her passionately.
Haley put her hands on his shoulders and pushed him.
“They are still downstairs.
Maybe they haven’t left yet.
Why are you in such a hurry?”
The man didn’t say a word.
He just lowered his head and rested it on her neck.
His tongue ran over her neck, licking her skin.
His ragged breath fell on her skin, making her shiver.
After a moment, he finally let her go.
But he cupped her b@@bs and asked hoarsely, “How did you do today?”
Haley’s breathing became heavy.
She looked at the man and said, “Kristian, when have I ever let you down?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Kristian smiled, lowered his head, and ki*sed her shoulder and neck again.
Yesterday, he took Haley to Bysea, fully prepared.
They had rehearsed what Elizabeth had told them.
Actually, the design drafts Haley had just shown Matthew were some of Bella’s discarded drafts.
Kristian had taken photos of those design drafts and sent them to Haley as a backup.
He didn’t expect everything to come in handy.
Kristian picked Haley up and carried her to the bed.
He took off her blouse, fondled her b@@bs brazenly, and asked, “Any more information?”
Haley’s face flushed, and her eyes glistened with enjoyment.
“The Anderson family cares about me so much.
I think there will be no problem with Stella.
She seems supportive.
But Matthew seems a bit hostile towards me,” Haley replied between gasps.
“Well, that is no longer surprising.
Matthew’s ability to manage a giant company at such a young age only proves how clever and excellent he is.
It’s normal for him to be suspicious,” Kristian said while his hands continued to wander around her body.
Then, he lightly teased her nipple with his thumb.
Haley felt the comfort of his touch.
Despite the pleasure that seemed to drown her, she still didn’t forget their business.
“It’s time to make Stella believe me, right? But I still have some concerns about the DNA test.
”
“Don’t worry, I will take care of it.
I will dispel any doubts Stella has on you, and I will also make her believe that you are her mother.
” Kristian’s voice became even hoarser.
His crotch had also become harder and hotter.
He took off his underwear.
As soon as his big and sinewy c@@k was released, it poked between her legs, looking intimidating.
###chapter1409
Haley’s mind went blank for a moment.
She came to her senses and was about to ask him what to do when he suddenly pushed her down onto the bed.
Kristian pressed his muscular body against hers.
The hotel was a stone’s throw from the Anderson family’s residence.
After bidding Haley farewell, Matthew and Stella meandered back to their abode.
Matthew clasped Stella’s hand.
His thoughts were elsewhere as he pressed his lips together firmly.
Despite Haley’s apparent perfection, he couldn’t shake off his skepticism about her.
Engulfed in the happiness and puzzlement of discovering her biological mother, Stella failed to catch on to Matthew’s preoccupation.
She murmured, “It’s no surprise I’ve got a knack for design.
It runs in the family, after all.
”
With these words, she reached out to touch her face, her eyes wide with astonishment.
“And I bear such a striking resemblance to Haley.
She has to be my mother, doesn’t she? It all seems too surreal.
”
Her remarks gradually reclaimed Matthew’s focus.
He turned to her, the sight of her contentment tugging at his heart.
It was then that he found himself unable to burst her bubble of joy right then.
“Why are you so quiet? What’s troubling you?” Stella’s intuition picked up on Matthew’s unease.
Matthew shook his head, drew closer, and stole a ki*s from her lips, which were curved in a slight smile.
Looking deeply into her eyes, he murmured, “I hope this isn’t a dream.
”
Meanwhile, Benny and Flossie emerged from the vehicle.
The sight of the nightclub before them caught Flossie off guard.
Benny had invited her out tonight, leading her to believe it was a date.
She had chosen her attire with care, opting for a simple, elegant red high-neck dress.
Her long, curly hair fell loosely over her shoulders, creating an effortlessly chic look.
The idea that their date night would be at a nightclub had never crossed her mind.
Flossie looked up at Benny, who maintained his usual stoic demeanor.
For some reason, she sensed a layer of seriousness and tension beneath his calm facade.
As Benny made to move forward, Flossie linked her arm with his.
His sidelong glance sent her heart into a flutter, her palms damp with apprehension.
Benny spared her a brief look, then averted his eyes, allowing her to guide him inside.
A quiet sigh of relief escaped Flossie, consoling herself with the thought that perhaps the nightclub had something unique to offer.
###chapter1410
However, upon entry, she discovered its mediocrity, notably the thin walls of the private rooms.
The sounds from the neighboring spaces were unmistakable as they stepped inside.
Flossie instinctively drew closer to Benny, whispering, “What are we doing here?”
“I need your company for a business meeting,” Benny responded.
This was not a date.
A tinge of disappointment washed over Flossie, yet Benny’s decision to include her in his business dealings sparked a flicker of excitement within her.
She pondered whether this was a sign of Benny’s growing affection for her.
With a surge of enthusiasm, Flossie trailed behind Benny into the private room.
They were greeted by the sight of Carl and some of his crew engaged in a game of poker.
His attention shifted from his cards to the newcomers as the door swung open, his gaze landing on Flossie.
He then abandoned his cards, rose to his feet, and greeted her with a sly grin.
Approaching Flossie, he rubbed his hands eagerly and offered a handshake.
“Miss Diaz, your reputation precedes you.
Please, make yourself comfortable.
”
He guided Flossie to a couch, seating himself so close that she found it impossible to pull away.
Knowing the business connection between Carl and Benny, Flossie opted to remain seated, albeit she subtly scooted away to put some space between them.
‘s BunnyBookery
The air around Carl made her uneasy, causing her to falter.
Taking a seat, Benny cut to the chase with Carl.
“Shall we begin?”
Carl, however, continued to focus on Flossie, smiling as he inquired, “Miss Diaz, are you familiar with poker?”
“Just a bit,” Flossie managed to answer, inching away from Carl’s looming presence, hoping to edge closer to Benny.
“How about we play a round together?” Carl proposed, his enthusiasm undimmed.
Flossie was hesitant to do it, her eyes seeking Benny’s support.
Even so, Benny stayed seated, his face showing no sign of reaction.
With a tight press of her lips, Flossie gave a reluctant nod and said, “Okay.
”
Seconds later, the group shuffled the cards again and kicked off the game.
At first, Carl’s behavior towards Flossie was respectful.
However, as the game progressed, she felt his hand brushing against hers and her arm occasionally.
Trying to shake off her discomfort, she made efforts to dodge his subtle moves, but Carl’s actions grew increasingly forward.
Reaching her limit, Flossie shoved her cards aside and rose to her feet.
“I’m sorry, but I’m not feeling well,” she announced.
She was about to head towards Benny when Carl unexpectedly seized her wrist, yanking her close to him and embracing her.
Trapped in his grip, Flossie was scared.
She attempted to wriggle free while calling out, “Benny…”
Despite her pleas, Benny’s indifference was as if he was blind to the scene unfolding before him.
###chapter1411
Flossie couldn’t tear her eyes away from Benny, feeling Like her heart was being sucked into a black hole.
Was Benny completely clueless about her feelings?
Her body stiffened when she felt Carl’s arms tighten around her.
Goosebumps danced down her spine, making her shiver.
“Let me go,” she whispered sharply, attempting to break free.
But Carl’s grip only tightened.
Carl’s face twisted into a sinister grin, his eyes shining with a creepy glint.
He leaned in closer, taking a deep breath near Flossie’s neck.
“You smell amazing.
What perfume is that? I’ll get a whole truckload delivered to you.
”
His cronies burst into loud cheers.
“Carl, should we give you and the lady some air?”
Hearing the question, Carl’s ego inflated.
But he kept up a tough front.
“Scram, all of you.
Don’t freak her out.
”
He motioned for one of his henchmen to pour a drink.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The guy complied, eyeing Flossie creepily as he handed the glass to Carl.
Carl swiftly pushed the man away and offered the glass to Flossie.
“Take a sip.
You must be thirsty after all that card playing.
”
Flossie turned her head away, still struggling against Carl’s grasp.
Carl’s eyes narrowed, his voice turning harsh with menace.
“Benny, she isn’t drinking.
What are we going to do about that?”
‘s BunnyBookery
It was a question dripping with an unspoken threat.
Benny’s eyes, half-hidden beneath his hood, lifted slowly, searching for Flossie who sat across from him on Carl’s lap.
In the dim light, Flossie’s face was a blur but her eyes burned clear to Benny.
They glinted with defiance, refusing to yield.
Benny looked away.
“Just listen to Carl, alright?”
Flossie’s eyes widened, tears clouding her vision.
She couldn’t believe those words had come from Benny.
“What did you say?” Flossie asked, her voice strained.
“Benny, say it again.
”
Benny’s forehead creased, impatience evident on his face.
Carl grew impatient.
He had a gorgeous woman in his arms and he wanted to move things along.
“Miss Diaz, bottoms up.
And if you need a drinking buddy, I’m here,”
###chapter1412
Carl said, a predatory grin spreading across his lips.
Flossie’s eyes drilled into Benny’s, searching for something she couldn’t quite grasp.
Finally, she relented, grabbing the glass.
She chuckled, the sound catching in her throat, never breaking eye contact with Benny.
“Alright.
If that’s what you want.
Would you mind letting go? I don’t drink while I’m stuck.
”
Seeing her compliance, Carl loosened his grip.
Flossie rose slowly, took the glass and, in the blink of an eye, smashed it on the floor.
‘s BunnyBookery
The glass exploded into a million pieces with a loud crash.
The henchmen stood there, stunned for a moment, before erupting into shouts.
“Hell! How dare you throw Carl’s drink!”
Some of the tough guys rolled up their sleeves, ready to teach Flossie a lesson.
“Whoa, what’s all this noise?” Carl interjected, his brows furrowed as he stepped in their path.
“Carl, this dame doesn’t know her place.
We have to put her in her spot.
”
Carl’s frown deepened as he glanced at Flossie, a hint of amusement playing on his lips.
“I kind of like her fiery attitude.
”
To the henchmen’s surprise, Carl pulled Flossie back into his embrace, his hands wandering over her body.
“Did smashing that glass make you feel better? If it wasn’t enough, I can have more brought in for you to break as many as you want.
”
“Let me go!” Flossie struggled against him.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Ignoring her protests, Carl pushed her onto the sofa.
He leaned over her, reaching for the zipper of her skirt, but Flossie screamed.
“Benny!” Flossie turned to Benny, her eyes flashing with anger.
“Are you seriously just going to sit there and watch?”
Ignoring her, Benny grabbed a drink and spun it around absentmindedly.
Carl sneered, his voice dripping with disdain.
“That good-for-nothing isn’t going to rescue you.
”
He traced Flossie’s tear-streaked face, his fingers grazing her cheek as he murmured, “You didn’t know, huh? I told him to bring you here.
The moment I laid eyes on you, I was hooked.
”
“You jerk!” Flossie’s eyes widened.
Tears streamed down her face in a heart-wrenching display.
This wasn’t her idea of a dream date.
What did Benny think she was?
“Oh, there’s more, sweetheart.
” Carl brushed off her anger.
###chapter1413
With a sinister grin, he sat up and began unbuttoning his shirt.
Flossie closed her eyes in despair as she felt him inch closer.
Then, a loud crash filled the room, glass breaking with a sharp crack.
As Flossie’s eyes fluttered open, she found herself in a scene of utter chaos.
Behind a visibly wounded Carl stood Benny, his gaze indifferent, holding a broken bottle.
Blood continued to trickle through Carl’s fingers as he held his injured forehead in agony.
With a tense and focused demeanor, Benny let go of the broken bottle, swiftly seizing Flossie’s hand as he attempted to lead her to safety.
“Don’t let them get away!” At Carl’s command, the gang members swiftly closed in, blocking Benny and Flossie’s path.
‘s BunnyBookery
Benny shielded Flossie, bravely confronting the approaching group.
An uneasy sensation washed over Flossie, compelling her to clutch Benny’s sleeve, paralyzed by fear and unable to make a single move.
Looking at the blood on his hand, Carl ordered angrily, “Kill this man! Keep the woman alive.
I’ll have some fun with her! Damn it!”
Following orders, the gang members charged towards Benny.
With a swift kick, Benny lifted his unhurt leg, repelling them with all his might.
Caught in the crossfire, the remaining gang members stumbled and fell to the floor, their attempts thwarted.
The once tightly sealed circle now revealed its vulnerabilities, exposed by the disruption caused by Benny’s strategic resistance.
Guiding Flossie to the door, Benny pushed her outside, instructing, “Run!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Subsequently, a surge of individuals rushed towards him, intent on launching an attack.
Benny skillfully pinned one person to the floor, delivering a decisive blow.
Turning towards Flossie, he shouted, “Run!”
Positioning himself at the exit, he effectively blocked the path, thwarting any attempts by the others to pursue Flossie.
In the grip of panic, Flossie comprehended Benny’s intent.
He aimed to afford her the crucial time she needed to escape and seek help.
As Flossie sprinted towards the exit, she crossed paths with a waiter.
Halting him, she pleaded, “Please help me.
My friend is in trouble.
”
Curious, the waiter inquired, “Which room?”
Flossie pointed towards the private room, her desperation evident.
The waiter shook his head.
“I can’t help with that.
”
###chapter1414
“Why not?”
The waiter’s expression turned fearful as he explained, “That’s Carl’s room.
He’s a shareholder in this nightclub.
I can’t afford to provoke him.
”
With those words, the waiter swiftly departed.
Disheartened and overwhelmed by panic, Flossie rushed out, her mind racing with urgency and worry.
She recognized the urgency of seeking aid for Benny at any cost, especially since his body had just undergone recovery, and she couldn’t bear the thought of him being harmed again.
The rain began to fall outside, further emptying the streets of both pedestrians and vehicles.
Feeling disoriented, Flossie gazed in all directions, a sense of helplessness washing over her.
In that critical moment, a black Bugatti Veyron gracefully halted at the entrance, and its back door swung open with precision.
Stepping out was a man adorned in a finely tailored suit, his shirt pressed, and a deep blue tie elegantly knotted around his collar.
His stern countenance radiated dignity, authority, and an undeniable aura of power.
The driver stood beside the man, sheltering him with a black umbrella.
The onlookers couldn’t help but feel an air of intimidation from the man’s icy features, his gaze exuding a commanding presence.
Flossie perceived him as her sole savior in that moment of desperation.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Running through the rain, she closed the distance and clasped the man’s arm, pleading, “Sir, I implore you to help me.
My friend is in danger.
Please, save him.
”
The rain quickly soaked Flossie’s being, making it a challenge to keep her eyes open.
Despite the downpour, Flossie strained to open her eyes and meet the gaze of the man standing before her.
As their eyes locked, Edmund Hanson’s furrowed brow softened.
He stood there, momentarily frozen, as hazy memories raced through his mind.
His breath quickened with anticipation, and his hand trembled slightly at his side.
A single thought consumed his mind.
The woman before him, soaked and teary-eyed, bore a striking resemblance to his daughter.
Memories of the past came flooding back to Edmund’s mind.
Back then, he worked so hard at a very young age to compete for more power.
He even did something despicable, Like abandoning his wife and daughter.
He focused all his attention on saving his life and escaping danger, so he soon forgot everything about his family.
Fortunately, he managed to survive.
###chapter1415
Then, Edmund slowly started his own organization.
Until later, he became a leader respected by thousands of people.
His life gradually became stable, and he became wealthier and wealthier.
It was only then that he returned to find his wife and daughter.
But to his dismay, the shabby cottage was already empty and covered with dust.
They were no longer there.
After careful investigation, Edmund found that his wife was dead and his daughter was nowhere to be found.
“Sir, please, help my friend…”
Flossie’s cry for help snapped Edmund back to reality.
The driver stepped forward and was about to pull Flossie away when Edmund raised his hand to stop him.
When he looked at the woman in front of him, he felt he had seen her before.
If his daughter was still alive, she should be the same age as this woman.
Edmund was a man who had killed countless people decisively.
But at this moment, he felt sympathetic to Flossie.
He reached out, pulled her up, and let her stand under the umbrella.
“Don’t cry.
What happened to your friend? I can help you.
”
Flossie wiped her face.
She didn’t know whether it was tears or rain.
She looked at Edmund with surprise and told him what had happened.
She then took him to the private room.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Benny’s leg was still injured.
Of course, he was no match for the men inside the private room.
Soon, he was brought to his knees by two men.
Carl’s wound had already been treated.
He sat on the sofa and Looked at Benny angrily.
“Who do you think you are? How dare you attack me!
Don’t you know that this is my territory? No one dares to oppose me.
”
He was so upset that he shouted and accidentally pulled his wound.
He couldn’t help crying out in pain.
He covered his head and glared at Benny fiercely.
“Keep beating him, but don’t let him die.
I’ll catch that woman, then I’ll let him watch how I f@ck her.
Damn it!”
Benny’s eyes widened.
He was about to move to attack Carl when his shoulders were suddenly pressed down.
A young man picked up a chair next to him and was about to smash it on Benny.
But before he could do it, the door was suddenly pushed open.
The loud noise stunned everyone in the private room.
Carl became even angrier.
He looked at the door and asked, “Who the hell is it?”
But when Carl recognized Edmund, the expression on his face froze.
###chapter1416
Then, he trembled all over and kneeled on the floor.
Edmund’s presence brought a suffocating tension in the entire private room.
Flossie ran in from behind Edmund, and she gasped when she saw Benny’s situation.
She wanted to help him up, but the two men were still holding him.
They were waiting for Carl’s order.
“Let him go,” Edmund ordered in a slow and powerful voice, squinting his eyes.
Carl seemed to be frightened by Edmund’s words.
He quickly ordered his men to let Benny go.
Then, he used the table for support to stand up and slowly walked to Edmund.
But obviously, his legs were still trembling.
Edmund was a gang leader, and Carl knew it very well.
Naturally, he couldn’t afford to offend Edmund.
He didn’t even dare to say another word in front of Edmund.
Edmund’s eyes darkened.
“What are you doing here?”
Carl could only lower his head.
There was no trace of arrogance in him at all.
He didn’t know why Edmund was here, but he still explained, “I was attracted to the woman…”
Carl’s voice trailed off.
Because as soon as he said those words, he noticed that Edmund’s face darkened even more.
At the thought that Flossie had appeared with Edmund just now, he seemed to understand something.
He quickly changed his words.
“Sir, if you like this woman, she’s yours… Ahhh!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Before he could finish his words, one of Edmund’s men cut off his hand.
Blood splattered everywhere, making the scene look terrifying.
Carl was in so much pain that he screamed and collapsed to the floor.
Edmund motioned his men to take Carl away.
He knew such a scene was horrible for an ordinary woman, so he didn’t want Flossie to see it.
Edmund also went out to deal with Carl.
After a while, he returned to the private room.
When he saw Flossie holding Benny tightly in her arms, he frowned and asked coldly, “Who is he?”
Although Edmund’s question was somewhat offensive, he had helped her.
“Thank you for your help.
This is my boyfriend,” Flossie answered with a smile.
Edmund’s gaze turned icy as he scrutinized Benny.
Despite feeling a surge of shock within, Benny managed to maintain his composure.
He had heard of Edmund before but had never met him in person.
Never would he have imagined that it would be Edmund who would come to his aid today.
Lowering his gaze slightly, Benny directed his attention on Flossie beside him, his expression inscrutable.
###chapter1417
The sudden hush in the room heightened Flossie’s unease, especially as she noticed Edmund’s intense stare fixed on Benny.
“Sir…” Flossie called out, prompting Edmund to shift his gaze back to her.
In an instant, his expression softened.
“My boyfriend is injured.
I’ll take him to the hospital first.
Thank you for your assistance today.
” Flossie expressed her gratitude once more.
Edmund responded with a curt nod.
“Thank you,” Benny chimed in.
As Flossie and Benny made their way out, Edmund watched them depart with a furrowed brow.
Once they were out of sight, he instructed his men, “Find out who that woman is.
”
Upon arriving home, Flossie helped Benny settle on the sofa before retrieving the medical kit.
Silently, she tended to his wound, her mind fraught with unanswered questions.
She considered asking Benny why he had taken her to see Carl, but fear held her back.
‘s BunnyBookery
Due to their closeness, Benny sensed her unease keenly.
As Flossie closed the medicine box, he suddenly spoke up.
“Tell me what’s on your mind.
”
Flossie’s body tensed as she raised her eyes to meet his gaze.
She studied his handsome, refined, yet seemingly indifferent face, her palms growing clammy.
This was a rare instance of her relentlessly pursuing a man’s attention, only to be met with indifference.
She felt a pang of hurt at being used as a pawn, a substitute for Evelyn.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Struggling to contain her emotions, Flossie finally mustered the courage to voice her question.
“Why did you take me there today?”
Her voice trembled, betraying her emotions.
Benny, however, didn’t seem to take her inquiry seriously and offered a smile.
“It’s nothing major.
Carl simply wanted to see you.
”
Flossie bit her lip, a bitter laugh escaping her.
“So you want to use me as a pawn for your schemes? Benny, you’re such a jerk!”
Despite Benny’s smile, his handsome features betrayed a hint of ruthlessness.
“Haven’t you realized I’m a jerk by now? Then why remain loyal?”
Flossie met his gaze squarely, “Because I care for you.
”
Her voice wavered slightly, but she was determined to convey her true feelings.
“I believe that despite everything, there’s still good in you.
And I have to stand by my choices.
”
Having learned the value of independence from a young age, she was not one to easily abandon her convictions or the people she cared about.
It was this stubbornness that kept her loyal to Benny despite his flaws.
A flicker of cunning gleamed in Benny’s eyes as he watched Flossie turn to leave.
Suddenly, he reached out and grasped her arm, stopping her in her tracks.
“Will you always stand by me?”
###chapter1418
Flossie was taken aback, but she nodded firmly nonetheless.
A small smile played across Benny’s lips.
“Then be my girlfriend.
”
Flossie’s eyes sparkled and her voice trembled.
“Did you really mean that? Are you serious?”
Excitement bubbled up inside her.
Benny let go of her hand, stood up, and said casually, “Forget about it if you didn’t hear me clearly.
”
He turned and walked away, leaving Flossie speechless for a moment.
She recovered quickly, then chased after him.
Catching up, she wrapped her arms around his waist.
“I heard you!
You’re my boyfriend now.
You have to keep your promise.
”
Benny stiffened but didn’t push her away.
That night, Flossie slept in Benny’s room, both lying quietly in the same bed.
Flossie peeked at the man beside her and snuggled closer.
Receiving no response, she mustered her courage and embraced him.
Benny’s eyes snapped open.
He was about to push her hand away when Flossie spoke.
“This is perfect! Now you can come to Stella’s wedding as my boyfriend.
” Leaning against his arm, she felt comforted by his steady heartbeat.
The mention of Stella caused Benny to pause.
He asked in a cold tone, “You’re friends?”
“Yes!” Flossie nodded enthusiastically.
“When my reputation was ruined and companies rejected me, Stella gave me a chance and helped me rebuild my career.
Thanks to her, I saved my modeling career and achieved so much.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Benny remained silent.
Flossie, on the other hand, drifted back to the dark days of the past.
She was filled with gratitude for the present.
It felt like a dream.
“Once you’re fully recovered, I can return to work,” Flossie said softly.
Her heart bubbled with hope and happiness for their future together.
As Flossie fell asleep with a peaceful breath, Benny looked down at her, then looked away.
He realized he had acted impulsively.
He had asked her to be his girlfriend due to gratitude.
Now, with a calmer mind, he questioned his decision.
Flossie and Stella were good friends.
Hurting Stella to get back at Matthew would deeply hurt Flossie too.
###chapter1419
But Benny wouldn’t abandon his revenge plan, not even for Flossie.
He felt conflicted and decided to take things one step at a time.
In Bysea, Stella woke up to find the bed empty.
Stretching, she grabbed her phone from the nightstand and saw a message from Haley.
“Stella, what are you doing this morning? I’d love to take you for a walk.
We spent a long time here in this city.
I’d like to reminisce about these days.
”
A smile spread across Stella’s face as she read the message.
She quickly typed a reply.
“Absolutely! I’ll be waiting for you in the lobby at nine.
”
“Perfect,” Haley responded.
Putting down her phone, Stella wasted no time getting ready.
After a quick wash and brush-up, she applied a touch of makeup before heading downstairs.
In the living room, she found Matthew playing chess with Clint.
The sound of her footsteps drew his attention.
Seeing her dressed up, he asked, “Out somewhere?”
“Yes,” Stella replied cheerfully, walking towards him.
“Haley invited me out.
I’m heading to the hotel now.
”
Matthew’s brow furrowed slightly.
He stood up.
“Let me take you.
”
“There’s no need,” Stella insisted, placing a hand on his arm.
“Stay and play chess with Grandpa.
I’d Like some time alone with her.
”
She wasn’t blind to his slight aversion to Haley.
‘s BunnyBookery
She wanted to bridge the gap between them, but she had to be patient, considering their recent reunion with Haley.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew seemed on the verge of saying something, but Clint cut in.
“Let her go on her own, Matthew.
It’s alright.
”
Matthew was still a bit apprehensive, but he didn’t think Haley would do anything nefarious so soon.
He gave a nod and said, “Just be back early, alright? Call if you need anything.
”
As Stella entered the hotel lobby, her gaze fell upon Haley sitting on the couch, waving eagerly at her.
“Sorry for making you wait,” Stella apologized as she settled beside her.
Haley grinned and shook her head.
“No need to apologize.
I couldn’t wait to see you.
”
Gesturing to the spread on the table, she offered Stella a Gateau basque and a glass of milk.
“I remember these things used to be your favorite breakfast choices.
I wonder if your taste has changed since then.
”
Stella’s eyes lit up with delight.
“I still love them just as much.
”
###chapter1420
“Really?” Haley’s smile widened.
“Then indulge yourself.
Later, let’s take a stroll.
I want to show you how Bysea has evolved over the years.
”
Stella nodded, savoring each bite of the exquisite cake.
To her surprise, it surpassed any she had tasted before.
With her breakfast finished, Stella joined Haley as they left the hotel and began their stroll through the streets of Bysea.
Initially, Stella felt a bit apprehensive about striking up a conversation with Haley.
However, Haley’s gentle guidance soon broke down her walls, and they found themselves immersed in lively conversation, filling the air with warmth and laughter.
Suddenly, their stroll was disrupted by a group of thugs blocking their path.
Frowning, Stella instinctively took Haley by the wrist and attempted to navigate around the men, but they persistently obstructed their way.
It became apparent to Stella that their actions were deliberate, yet she remained puzzled as to their identity.
With a determined expression, Stella confronted the group.
“Who are you?”
The leader of the thugs remained silent, his gaze piercing as he directed his words at Haley.
“How dare you come back to Bysea?”
Instinctively, Stella glanced at Haley.
Haley’s expression was twisted with fear as she shook her head, her grip tightening on Stella’s hand.
“You’ve mistaken me for someone else.
I don’t know you.
”
The man’s expression darkened further.
“Don’t think you can play dumb with us.
”
His companions began to advance, closing in on Stella and Haley with each step.
Haley clutched Stella’s hand tightly, her desperation evident as they continued to retreat.
Their movements halted as they found themselves cornered against a wall, with no room left to back up.
With her head bowed and her body trembling, Haley whispered, “I truly don’t know you.
”
The man sneered, his voice dripping with contempt.
“Allow me to refresh your memory.
Twenty years ago, your husband stole some things valuable from us before fleeing with you and your family.
But he met his end in a car accident halfway.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella’s brow furrowed further as she absorbed his words.
“Your husband died, but you managed to survive,” he continued, his tone laced with mockery.
“Now that you’re back, it’s time to return what rightfully belongs to us.
”
“I… I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Haley protested, shaking her head in denial.
“What things? I’ve never heard of any of this.
”
The man took another step; his demeanor turned menacing.
“Those things were worth millions back then, and now, after twenty years, their value has skyrocketed.
Don’t expect us to be lenient if you don’t return them immediately!”
“I… I really don’t know…” Haley persisted in her denial, her voice trembling with fear.
Stella’s grip on her hand tightened, her knuckles turning white.
Haley’s reaction only served to deepen Stella’s concern, hinting at the possibility that there might be some truth to the man’s accusations.
###chapter1421
She couldn’t shake the feeling that their family had indeed experienced a tragic event years ago.
As Stella’s mind raced with possible strategies to handle the escalating situation, the thugs suddenly burst into laughter.
“If she doesn’t return our things, let’s make her pay with her body.
Who would’ve thought this woman would still be so beautiful after twenty years?”
“Yeah, even though she’s aging, her physique is still impressive.
And these mature women are far more exciting than those young girls.
”
Stella couldn’t contain her outrage any longer and cried out, “Monsters!”
“What did you say?” The man’s anger flared, and he swung his fist towards Stella.
Caught off guard, Stella closed her eyes instinctively, bracing for impact.
But at the last moment, Haley stepped in front of her, taking the punch intended for Stella.
Haley crumpled to the ground, blood oozing from the corner of her mouth.
She glared up at the man, her voice raw with emotion and eyes burning with rage.
“Back off, all of you! My husband has been dead for years, and I have nothing left but my wretched life.
If you provoke me again, I won’t hesitate to take you down with me!”
Stella’s eyes snapped open at Haley’s words, and she rushed to her side, kneeling down to check on her injuries.
The thugs seemed momentarily stunned by Haley’s fierce defiance, taking a step back as they muttered threats under their breath.
“You’re tough, but don’t think you can escape what you owe us! We’ll be back,” the leader spat.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With a dismissive wave, he ordered his companions, “Let’s go.
”
Stella helped Haley to her feet, her concern evident in her eyes.
“You’re injured.
Let me take you to the hospital for a check-up.
”
For Stella, who had grown up without experiencing a mother’s protective care, the instinct to shield her friend felt natural and comforting.
However, Haley shook her head, offering a faint smile.
“I’m fine.
I just need to buy some medicine from the pharmacy.
”
Although Stella wanted to insist, she acquiesced to Haley’s wish.
As they made their way to the pharmacy, Stella’s mind was preoccupied with the unsettling encounter with the thugs.
After a moment of hesitation, she finally mustered the courage to ask, “There’s something I’d like to ask you.
”
“What is it?”
Meeting her eyes, Stella posed the question that had been weighing on her mind.
“Is my father dead?”
Stella’s recollections of her father were ensnared in the haunting visions of the car accident that took his life.
In these dreams, he appeared as a benevolent spirit, a stark contrast to the sinister portrayals by others.
This discrepancy led her to question the accuracy of her own memories.
###chapter1422
With a heavy sigh, Haley confessed, “These are old and not-so-pretty secrets.
I wasn’t going to tell you about this.
”
Stella insisted, “But I must know.
”
After a brief pause, Haley began to unravel the truth.
“Your father resorted to smuggling gold to sustain our family.
One day, he couldn’t settle on a price with the dealer, so he fled to another city with us and the gold.
But on the way, a terrible accident took his life.
”
Tears welled up in Haley’s eyes as she lamented, “Your father always gambled with fate.
I was scared his audacity would someday be his downfall, yet I was powerless to alter the course of our destiny.
Now, his shadow looms over me, despite his absence from this world.
”
“Don’t worry.
They’re gone now.
Stella offered a comforting pat on her back.
The revelation of her father’s gambling past left her engulfed in a maelstrom of emotions.
The menacing threats of those men echoed in her mind.
Aware that Haley could repel any immediate dangers, Stella recognized that she couldn’t bear the thought of living her life in constant hiding.
She must confront her challenges head-on.
Stella deduced that their pursuers were after the long-lost gold, a treasure so deep in the past that even Haley was clueless about its whereabouts.
“Stella…” Haley’s voice broke through her contemplation.
‘s BunnyBookery
Refocusing her attention, Stella asked, “Yes, what is it?”
“Seeing the aggression from those individuals earlier, I realize I can no longer stay in Bysea.
Would you mind if I accompanied you back to Seamarsh?” Haley asked tentatively, her anxiety palpable.
Stella was momentarily stunned by Haley’s request to join her in Seamarsh.
After a moment of silence, Haley lowered her head with a sense of resignation.
“It’s alright.
If you believe it’s too much trouble, never mind.
I’ll deal with those people on my own.
”
“I didn’t mean that.
” Stella hurriedly assured Haley.
“You’re my mother.
Naturally, I want you by my side.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a moment of thought, Stella proposed, “Please wait for me at the hotel.
I’ll discuss this with Matthew, and then we’ll head to Seamarsh together.
”
“Okay,” Haley agreed, feeling a sense of relief.
Stella purchased ointment from the pharmacy for Haley, ensuring her comfort before leaving.
Matthew had already packed his bags and stood prepared to accompany Stella back to Seamarsh.
With Stella’s impending shoot on the horizon, they couldn’t afford to linger here any longer.
Regarding Haley’s mysterious past, he was determined to delve into it once they returned to Seamarsh.
Upon her entrance and noticing two suitcases, Stella paused at the doorway.
Matthew swiftly captured her gaze, “Ready to go? I’ve let Grandpa know we’re on our way back to Seamarsh.
”
“Wait, I need to talk to you.
” Stella clasped his arm, swiftly briefing him on the recent events.
###chapter1423
“Are you alright?” Matthew’s initial reaction was to check if she was hurt.
Shaking her head, Stella offered reassurance.
“I’m alright, but Haley ended up getting punched while trying to protect me.
”
Matthew’s expression darkened.
“Who were these assailants?”
Stella revealed candidly, “According to Haley, they are enemies of my late father.
After his fatal car crash, they pursued my mother.
”
A deep frown creased Matthew’s forehead.
Something about the situation didn’t sit right with him.
He found it hard to fathom that someone who had passed away twenty years ago would still have adversaries pursuing vendettas.
Moreover, the timing and circumstances appeared too coincidental to be merely dismissed.
With conviction in her choice, Stella declared, “I’ve promised to bring Haley back with us to Seamarsh.
The mysteries surrounding my father’s life have always haunted me, and I can’t live with regrets.
”
Matthew understood Stella’s resolve.
She was eager to reconnect with her mother and wanted to spend as much time together as possible.
Yet, he harbored doubts about Haley’s real identity and the veracity of her claims.
After a moment of contemplation, Matthew openly shared his skepticism with Stella.
“Doesn’t this all seem too coincidental? She just found you yesterday and today, you were confronted by these so-called enemies.
”
Despite Matthew’s apprehensions, Stella, delighted by the prospect of reuniting with her mother, dismissed his skepticism.
She assured Matthew.
“I trust Haley.
She means me no harm.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Realizing he could not alter her stance, Matthew conceded.
Moreover, keeping Haley close might provide him a clearer understanding of her genuine motives.
With acceptance, he agreed, “Alright, Haley can come with us to Seamarsh.
But there’s a condition.
”
“What’s the condition?” Stella asked.
In a composed tone, Matthew declared, “Once we’re back in Seamarsh, both of you will undergo a DNA test.
”
Without a moment’s delay, Stella agreed.
If a test could alleviate Matthew’s concerns regarding Haley and repair their bond, she viewed it as a positive step forward.
In the evening, after parting ways with Clint, Stella and Matthew set off to meet Haley.
Upon seeing Matthew, Haley greeted him.
“I apologize.
I’ll have to trouble you for some time.
”
Matthew remained silent but gestured for her to hop into the car.
Stella and Haley took their seats in the back, while Matthew took the wheel.
Before driving off, he quickly texted Fernando.
“Look into Haley’s past.
I need every detail you can find.
Also, uncover what happened to Stella’s family twenty years ago.
”
###chapter1424
After shooting off the text, he pocketed his phone and got the car moving.
During the drive, Stella made small talk with Haley, trying to bridge the gap between them.
Haley said, “Stella, I understand if you’re not ready to call me Mom.
I’m to blame for the lost years.
But I promise, from this moment on, I’ll do everything to be the mother you deserve.
You won’t have to face hardships alone anymore.
”
Stella felt a wave of emotion but struggled to articulate her joy.
She could only offer a meaningful nod in response.
Catching a glimpse of Stella’s newfound happiness in the rearview mirror, Matthew couldn’t help but feel touched.
He secretly hoped Haley truly was Stella’s mother.
In a hospital in Dorburn, Neville had an appointment for a medical check-up.
After leaving Benjamin’s office, Miley, who had been waiting outside, quickly got to her feet, full of anxiety.
Noticing Neville looked downhearted, she feared the worst.
Miley felt a shadow fall over her heart, yet she put on a brave face, trying to lift his spirits.
“Hey, it’s okay.
Don’t lose hope.
We’ll just find another doctor, that’s all.
”
Neville looked at her, and surprisingly, a smile broke through his gloom.
“Actually, Benjamin mentioned there’s a good chance I’ll get better if I keep coming here once a month.
”
“Then why the long face earlier?” Miley couldn’t hide her relief mixed with a bit of annoyance at the emotional rollercoaster.
Neville didn’t respond with words but instead pulled her into a hug.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley squirmed.
“Hey, what are you doing? We’re in the hallway.
People are going to stare.
”
Ignoring her protests, Neville hugged her even tighter.
“Miley, I’m really sorry.
I’ve put you through so much.
”
Miley’s tension eased while in his embrace.
She couldn’t help but recall the past events, still harboring some dissatisfaction towards Neville.
“Just don’t leave me behind again…”
“I’ll make it up to you.
I’ll never disappoint you again,” Neville vowed.
“If I ever cause you pain again, I’ll…”
“That’s enough,” Miley interrupted, placing her hand on his lips.
“I get what you’re trying to say.
”
Noticing her anxious expression, Neville felt a surge of contentment.
He embraced Miley firmly, making a heartfelt promise.
“I’ll introduce you to my parents, and then we can start planning our wedding.
”
###chapter1425
Miley’s face tensed up a bit.
The thought of facing his parents again, considering their previous unpleasant encounters, made her feel uneasy.
Yet, knowing she wanted to be Neville’s partner for life, she realized she had to mend their strained relationship.
After pondering for a moment, Miley tactfully responded, “I’ll meet your family when the time feels right.
”
Overjoyed, Neville planted a ki*s on her forehead, reassuring her, “Miley, don’t worry.
I’ll protect you.
”
Neville escorted Miley out of the hospital.
With the doctor’s assurance and Miley’s acquiescence, he felt much more relaxed now.
They strolled along the vibrant streets of Dorburn.
As they walked, the gentle breeze blew on their faces.
The sunlight was not so bright today, so it didn’t hurt as it touched their skin.
Instead, it brought them comforting warmth.
Neville turned his head and asked Miley, “It’s almost Lunchtime.
What do you want to eat?”
“Nothing special.
Anything is fine with me,” Miley replied nonchalantly.
But she immediately realized she seemed to sound perfunctory.
So, she quickly added, “Whatever you feel like eating.
”
After saying this, she inadvertently raised her head, only to see a video playing on the wide LED screen.
It was an interview with Bella.
Miley stopped walking and fixed her eyes on the screen for a moment.
She couldn’t help but mutter, “Don’t you think Bella looks a bit like Stella?”
Neville followed her gaze.
When he saw Bella on the screen, he nodded in agreement.
“Yeah, they look similar.
”
“If Stella’s mother is still alive, she should be about the same age as Bella.
” Miley sighed.
“I always wish Stella could find her mother.
”
She knew that Stella had never given up looking for her mother.
But as years passed, the slimmer Stella’s hope became.
Although Clint had treated Stella well over the years, it could never replace the motherly love she lacked.
While Miley was lost in thought, her phone suddenly rang, bringing her back to her senses.
When she looked at the screen and saw Stella’s name, she immediately answered it.
Stella first asked about Neville’s prognosis.
“What did the doctor say? Is there still a chance for him to recover? Matthew said that Benjamin is an expert in this field.
So far, all the cases he has encountered have been successfully treated.
So, there should be a chance for Neville.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley hummed faintly in agreement.
“He said that with consistent treatment, Neville will recover soon.
”
“Wow, that’s great!” Stella exclaimed happily.
“Actually, I also have good news to tell you.
”
“What is it?”
Stella took a deep to contain her excitement.
“I found my mother.
”
Miley was so shocked that she was stunned for a moment.
When she came back to her senses, she exclaimed excitedly, “Really? How? Where?
Why so sudden?”
###chapter1426
“It’s a long story, I’ll tell you everything when you come back.
”
Stella couldn’t hide the joy in her voice.
“I still can’t believe this is real.
Okay, I’ll hang up now.
Let’s celebrate when you guys return home.
”
“That sounds good.
Let’s do that,” Miley said and hung up the phone.
When Neville saw her smiling, he asked curiously, “Why do you look so happy? What did Stella say?”
Miley smiled and replied excitedly, “Ella found her mother.
We were just talking about it, right? I only wished she could find her mother.
I didn’t expect it to happen so soon.
”
Neville was also happy to hear the good news.
“That’s great! Stella’s mother can attend her wedding.
It must be the happiest day of her life.
”
Neville and Miley continued to walk.
Bella’s voice from the LED screen still echoed in the air.
“I am not getting any younger.
So, it’s time to find an heir…”
Stella, Matthew, and Haley returned to Seamarsh.
Stella wanted to take Haley back to Prosper Bay, but Matthew rejected this idea.
“Erin is out of town and won’t be back in the next couple of days.
The rooms in the house haven’t been cleaned yet.
Let’s just get Haley a hotel room.
”
Stella thought for a while.
In the end, she no longer insisted.
The car pulled over in front of the hotel where Haley would stay.
She was about to get out of the car when Stella suddenly asked, “Are you free tomorrow? Can you come with me to the filming set?”
Haley was stunned for a moment.
Then, she nodded and said, “Of course, I’m available.
But I’m an outsider.
Can I enter the set?”
“I’ll take you in.
I just want you to see what I do in my daily life,” Stella said with a smile.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The production had already been delayed by everything that happened.
Stella knew she would be busy filming, and she didn’t know how long it would take to finish everything.
She wanted to take every possible chance to spend time with Haley.
“Okay.
I’ll be happy to be there as long as it doesn’t cause you trouble.
I also want to know more about your work and daily Life.
”
Stella smiled happily.
“ALL right.
I’ll pick you up tomorrow morning.
”
As soon as Matthew and Stella returned to Prosper Bay, Matthew ushered Stella to sit on the sofa.
Then, he went to get the first-aid kit.
He removed the gauze wrapped around her palm.
The wound had started to scab, and the bleeding had stopped.
Matthew wrapped Stella’s wound with the new gauze and said gently, “Don’t worry.
I’ve already talked to Luther.
I told him to arrange for some simple scenes for you tomorrow.
”
Stella was no longer surprised.
She knew that with Matthew around, everything would be taken care of.
###chapter1427
So, she replied with a smile, “Okay, I know.
”
Matthew finished bandaging her wound.
He picked her up and carried her upstairs.
“Your hand is injured, and you can’t touch water.
I’ll help you take a bath.
”
“No need.
” Stella’s face flushed.
“I can do it myself.
I’ll just call you if I need anything.
”
Matthew was about to say something when his phone suddenly rang.
Stella quickly pushed Matthew with her other hand and reminded him, “Your phone is ringing.
It’s late, so it must be something urgent.
Put me down and answer it.
My feet are fine.
I can walk to the bathroom.
”
Matthew had no plan to answer his phone.
However, it kept ringing persistently.
He had no choice but to put Stella down reluctantly.
But he reminded her, “Be careful.
Call me if you need anything.
”
Stella nodded, turned around, walked to the bathroom, and closed the door.
Matthew took out his phone and checked the caller’s name on the screen.
When he saw it was Fernando, he answered it.
Fernando immediately reported, “Mr.
Clark, I’ve questioned those people who made trouble for Stella earlier.
They’re clean.
Their story is the same as Haley’s Matthew’s eyes darkened at once.
“I understand.
”
He was about to hang up the phone when Fernando added, “By the way, the locals found Carl’s body on a deserted hill.
”
Matthew was quite taken aback.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He had been so engrossed in accompanying Stella to Bysea that Carl’s matters were pushed to the back of his mind.
Thus, Carl’s passing caught him off guard.
While lost in thought, he heard the bathroom door open.
Matthew turned to see Stella stepping out of the bathroom.
After exchanging a few words with Fernando, he walked over to Stella.
He took the hairdryer from her and offered, “Please have a seat.
I’ll do this for you.
”
Stella accepted his offer since drying her hair single-handedly was a bit of a struggle.
She settled into the chair and peered at Matthew in the mirror, asking, “Who was on the phone just now?”
“It was Fernando,” Matthew answered briefly.
“The incident on the cruise ship is settled now.
”
“Who was responsible? Did you get to the bottom of it?” Stella’s eyes were filled with curiosity as she gazed at Matthew.
Matthew responded vaguely, “It’s all sorted.
I’ve dealt with the person responsible.
There’s no need to worry.
”
Rather than feeling relieved, Stella’s concern grew.
###chapter1428
She was unaware of what other threats might be waiting for them.
The hairdryer buzzed gently in the background, enveloping them in silence.
Matthew dried her long hair carefully.
Once done, he massaged her scalp and comforted her, saying, “Just concentrate on your filming.
I’ve got everything else under control, so don’t stress.
”
Stella quietly nodded, accepting his reassurance.
That night, they held each other close as they fell asleep.
The next day, Matthew drove Stella and Haley to the filming location.
When Stella stepped out of her car, a crew member intercepted her, saying, “Stella, the costumes for today’s shoot have arrived.
Luther’s hoping you can give them a try before anyone else.
”
“sure, just give me a moment,” Stella responded, unsure where to leave Haley.
Seeing Stella confused, Matthew said, “You start working.
I’ll be her tour guide around the neighborhood.
”
Knowing Matthew’s lack of affection for Haley, Stella hesitated, not wanting to impose on him.
“Shouldn’t you be at your office? I can manage.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Before Haley could respond, Matthew cut in firmly, “There’s been a recent issue on set, and Luther is being extra cautious with newcomers.
I’ll introduce her to Luther first.
You go ahead and focus on your work to avoid any delays.
”
Stella saw the sense in Matthew’s argument.
She listened to a few last-minute instructions and then headed to the set.
With Stella gone, an unsettling silence fell between Matthew and Haley.
Matthew’s presence became intimidating, instilling a deep-seated fear in Haley.
The kindness and patience he usually showed Stella were gone, replaced by a cold and daunting demeanor.
He faced Haley, his eyes cold, and stated bluntly, “You are not Stella’s biological mother.
”
His tone was not inquiring but affirming.
Feeling her heart pound, Haley double-checked her memories before replying, “I understand why you might doubt it, but I am truly her mother.
”
Matthew’s expression didn’t change as he said in a neutral voice, “You’ve done a lot for Stella, but haven’t you noticed anything unusual?”
Haley asked, “What do you find unusual?”
Matthew’s eyes narrowed as he explained, “I’ve apprehended the troublemakers in Bysea who were after you.
Their story matches yours exactly.
”
###chapter1429
He watched Haley’s response closely as he mentioned this.
She maintained her calm, replying softly, “Doesn’t that confirm what I’ve been saying?”
Undeterred, Matthew continued, “Yet, it’s been twenty years since that incident.
How can they recall the exact details of the stolen gold so clearly? It’s better if you’re honest now, as I won’t go easy once the truth comes out.
”
Haley felt a jolt as Matthew’s tone shifted, her instincts urging her to retreat.
She stepped back, her eyes locking with Matthew’s intense gaze.
A heavy silence hung between them before Haley spoke, her voice calm but tinged with apprehension.
“I’m Stella’s mother.
I have no reason to harm her, and I know nothing about the gold.
There’s no need for me to conspire with anyone.
”
Matthew’s stare bore into her, searching for any sign of deception.
After a while, he looked away, his expression unreadable.
In a low voice, he issued his warning.
“You better be telling the truth.
If I find out you’re not Stella’s mother, you’ll pay for every lie you’ve told.
”
Haley sighed in relief.
Matthew hadn’t uncovered anything.
He was just bluffing.
She steadied herself before speaking again.
“If you confirm I’m Stella’s mother later, please address me as such.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew frowned and left without another word.
After his departure, Haley wasted no time in sending a quick message to Kristian.
“Temporarily break into enemy territory.
All clear.
”
Luka made his way over to the crew area, passing by the dressing room.
Catching sight of Stella inside, he noticed her outfit change and makeup application.
Coming up behind her, he asked, “How are you feeling today?”
Stella glanced up at him in the mirror, a small smile forming on her lips.
“Better.
We can shoot now.
”
Luka smiled in relief.
“Great, I’ll be waiting for your performance.
”
The first round went smoothly.
During the intermission, Haley entered.
Approaching Stella, she greeted, “Stella.
”
Luka’s gaze held a hint of curiosity.
“Who’s she?”
It was unusual for Stella to bring someone new to the crew.
After their previous encounters, Luka remained cautious.
“She is…”
Just as Stella began her introduction, Haley interrupted, grasping her hand firmly.
“I’m Stella’s aunt,” she said with a polite smile.
“I cleared my schedule to catch her performance.
You’re part of Stella’s team, right? Stars always have their own unique vibe.
”
###chapter1430
Luka’s wariness softened as he gave a brief introduction before being called over by the makeup team.
Stella also needed to freshen up her makeup and change her outfit.
Guiding Haley to the dressing room, she remarked, “Haley is a designer too.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask her.
”
With a humble gesture, Haley said, “I’m just starting out.
Nowhere near your expertise.
”
Her modest demeanor endeared her to everyone, eliciting a warm welcome from the crew.
After the introduction, Stella slipped away to change outfits and touch up her makeup.
As Beth helped with her eyeshadow, she realized she forgot to bring the dark cyan palette.
Just as she was about to ask for assistance, her gaze fell on Haley nearby.
“Haley,” Beth called out.
“Could you grab the dark cyan eyeshadow from the dresser, please?”
Without hesitation, Haley complied.
She opened the dresser, revealing several eyeshadow palettes.
Faced with a dilemma, Haley hesitated briefly before selecting one and offering it to Beth.
“This one?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Beth paused, turning to Haley with a smile.
“That’s dark green.
You picked the wrong one.
”
Haley’s expression tensed momentarily, a flicker of discomfort crossing her features.
She forced a strained smile, her voice faltering as she explained, “I apologize.
These past couple of days, I haven’t been sleeping well.
My vision’s a bit blurry.
I misjudged.
It’s dark cyan, isn’t it?”
Beth nodded, though a hint of confusion lingered in her eyes.
Undeterred, Haley retrieved another eyeshadow palette, but once again, she missed the mark.
Sensing her unease, Beth decided to step back, gently setting aside her makeup brush.
“Don’t worry.
I can handle it from here.
”
Meanwhile, Stella observed the exchange from her seat, noting Haley’s bewildered expression with a mixture of curiosity and sympathy.
As a designer, shouldn’t Haley have an innate sense of color? How could she tumble on something as basic as dark cyan?
The question nagged at her mind momentarily before the onset of filming pushed it aside.
After a long day of shooting, Stella changed into casual attire and sought out Haley in the film set’s Lounge.
“Haley, I hope you haven’t been too bored.
I didn’t expect to shoot so many scenes.
I’m sorry I couldn’t spend more time with you today.
”
“Not at all.
Your colleagues dropped by for a chat and generously stocked me up with snacks.
Plenty to keep me entertained.
” Haley reassured her with a warm smile.
Glancing at the snacks and coffee on the table, Stella smiled gratefully.
“I’m glad they took care of you.
And thank you for enduring the long hours.
”
“Every moment was a thrill.
It’s my first time observing a film crew in action.
Your performance skills are truly outstanding.
”
###chapter1431
Haley’s compliment caught Stella off guard.
“Oh, please, you’re too kind.
I’m still learning the ropes really.
”
After suggesting dinner, she steered the conversation.
“It’s growing late.
Let’s grab a bite first.
”
Haley nodded agreeably.
“Sure.
”
The duo hailed a taxi and departed from the film crew.
Stella settled on a renowned local eatery in Seamarsh.
Mid-meal, she broached a delicate topic.
“Haley, could you share memories from my childhood? Since the accident, my recollections are hazy.
All I recall are the days spent in the orphanage.
”
Setting aside her utensils, Haley’s gaze took on a contemplative depth.
“Before your father’s accident, our home boasted a sprawling garden.
You adored the swing set more than anything.
”
The image aligned precisely with the snippets from Stella’s dreams.
No matter the query, Haley’s responses flowed effortlessly.
Stella couldn’t shake off Matthew’s words.
How could someone recall events from over two decades ago after a severe trauma? And maintain such composure?
It felt Like narrating someone else’s story.
While the car accident had robbed Stella of her memories, Haley seemed unscathed.
Was there a secret buried beneath the surface? Doubts swirled in Stella’s mind like restless shadows.
Having noticed Stella’s silence, Haley began to second-guess her words, searching for any slip-up in her narrative.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After a brief pause, she couldn’t resist asking, “Stella, is everything alright? You seem lost in thought.
”
Stella snapped back to reality, shaking her head.
“It’s nothing.
Just reminiscing about the past.
Now that we’ve reunited, I’m determined to ensure you have a bright future ahead.
”
Relief washed over Haley.
She clasped Stella’s hand, tears shimmering in her eyes.
“Since we crossed paths, I’ve felt each day holds promise.
”
Stella reciprocated the grip, her own feelings mingling with uncertainty.
Though Haley projected enthusiasm, she snorted inwardly.
It seemed those from humble beginnings were easily swayed.
Yet, complacency eluded her fleetingly.
In the next breath, Stella withdrew her hold and broached the subject.
“If you’re available tomorrow, let’s arrange for a DNA test.
”
Haley hadn’t anticipated this sudden turn.
Her smile faltered, frozen in place.
Stella, observant of the shift, furrowed her brow, sensing Haley’s discomfort.
She worried Haley was unhappy about her distrust.
###chapter1432
With patience, she clarified, “My husband harbors reservations about your lineage.
A paternity test is the most straightforward means to allay doubts.
So don’t read much into it.
I hope you understand.
”
“I know the test is a must.
I want you and the Clark family to recognize me,” Haley replied, concealing her unease.
Stella’s suspicions ebbed slightly with Haley’s agreement.
When she knew that she was not abandoned by her parents, she yearned for the truth, hoping against hope that Haley was indeed her mother.
After parting ways with Stella, Haley headed back to the hotel.
Upon entering her room, she found Kristian waiting for her.
Seeing her tired expression, Kristian frowned and asked, “Is everything okay today?”
Haley slumped onto the sofa, recounting the day’s events.
“Everything seemed fine initially, but then, out of the blue, Stella suggested a DNA test during dinner.
”
Kristian’s expression grew grim.
“If the DNA test goes through, I will be exposed.
But if I back out, explaining it to Matthew will be tricky.
” Remembering the warning in Matthew’s eyes, Haley couldn’t shake off the fear creeping in.
After a moment of contemplation, Kristian said firmly, “We can’t keep this charade up with Stella’s sharpness.
It’s time we make her believe you’re her mom.
”
“What? But how?” Haley asked, feeling puzzled.
“Matthew is meticulous.
He’ll choose someone he trusts for the test.
How can we manipulate the results under his watch? It’s too risky.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Kristian glanced at her and reassured, “No need to stress.
It’s all taken care of.
”
He stood, retrieved a document from his bag, and extended it towards Haley.
“Take a look at this.
”
Rather than accepting it, Haley asked, “What do you mean?” Do you want me to swap out the exam report for me and Stella?”
Kristian clarified, “No, this is the paternity test report for Stella and Bella, confirming their mother-daughter relationship.
”
“What?” Haley was taken aback.
Kristian had orchestrated this entire scenario.
Haley had been tasked with posing as Stella’s mother and living with the Clark family to gain as many benefits as possible.
But things didn’t unfold as planned.
The revelation that Bella was indeed Stella’s biological mother was unforeseen.
Kristian sat beside Haley, detailing his strategy.
“I knew Bella’s background from the very beginning, and with Elizabeth’s suspicion of Stella, I suspected Bella was Stella’s mother.
” When you returned from seeing Stella, I found one of her hairs on your clothing.
I collected a sample from that and compared it with Bella’s hair.
The test results came back today, confirming their biological Link.
”
He reassuringly placed a hand on Haley’s shoulder, stating, “Don’t stress.
I’ve got everything under control.
There’s no way Matthew and Stella will uncover our plan.
”
Haley, still processing, asked uncertainly, “Then… What’s my next move?”
Kristian produced another sealed bag from his bag and presented it to Haley.
###chapter1433
Glancing down, Haley noticed several strands of hair.
She lifted her head, perplexed, and glanced at Kristian.
“What’s this?”
With a grin, Kristian revealed, “These are Bella’s.
I saved some during her last haircut.
”
Haley felt overwhelmed by his assurance.
When did he devise such a scheme? And how did he think to preserve Bella’s hair beforehand?
“But what will happen if Matthew catches on?” Her hand shook as she held the bag.
“He’s too sharp.
How am I supposed to fool him right in front of him?”
Grasping her hand, Kristian encouraged, “Don’t worry.
I have faith in you.
The DNA results will speak for themselves.
Matthew won’t be able to question you then.
Once this is over, you’ll receive every penny you’re owed.
”
After a moment’s hesitation, Haley nodded in agreement.
As Stella returned to Prosper Bay, Matthew also arrived at home.
Stepping out of the car, he asked about her well-being.
“How are you feeling today? Is your hand still bothering you?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“It’s no big deal.
” Stella blinked and smiled.
“The shoot went smoothly.
I stumbled a couple of times, but I’ve adjusted it right away.
”
“Try not to stress too much.
Acting is new to you, so just go with the flow.
”
After they chatted about her day on set, Stella assisted Matthew with his jacket, hanging it neatly.
“Tomorrow, I have a DNA test scheduled with Haley.
”
Matthew showed a hint of surprise.
He had noticed Stella’s earlier reluctance towards the test and had intended to find the right moment to discuss it.
He hadn’t anticipated her broaching the subject first.
He nodded.
“Alright, I’ll handle it.
”
Then, he called Fernando, instructing, “Tomorrow morning, we’re proceeding with a paternity test in Prosperity Group’s private hospital.
”
The next day, Stella and Haley rolled up to the private hospital.
They handed over their hair samples.
Passing the samples to the nurse, the doctor told Matthew, “It’s going to take three days for results.
We will try our best to test it as soon as possible.
”
Matthew just nodded.
They all departed from the hospital.
Stella checked the time, realizing it was late.
She said to Matthew, “Babe, drop Haley at the hotel on your way to work.
I have to go to the set first, or I will be late.
”
Matthew gave another nod.
Stella grabbed a cab and left.
###chapter1434
Now, it was just Matthew and Haley at the hospital door.
They hopped in the car.
Haley knew Matthew wasn’t her biggest fan, so she kept it chill with no chit-chat.
Sitting in silence, Haley finally felt some weight off her shoulders.
This was the first time she’d noticed the fancy decor in Matthew’s ride.
Thinking about her future, she couldn’t help but bubble with excitement.
She blurted out, “Mr.
Clark, I’ll prove I’m Stella’s mom soon.
We’ll be family.
”
Matthew gave her a cold stare in the rearview mirror.
“I hope so.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
But if you’re lying to her, there’ll be consequences.
”
Then he hit the gas.
The car shot forward, catching Haley off guard.
Quick as a flash, she grabbed the back of the passenger seat to steady herself.
She leaned back, knowing it was a warning from Matthew.
But she stayed cool and said, “I’m definitely Stella’s real mom.
You can count on it.
”
Matthew shot her a cold glance but stayed silent.
When Stella hit the film set, Luther waved her over.
Standing beside him was a knockout.
She had gorgeous eyes Like crescent moons and lips like ripe cherries.
Stella felt a flicker of recognition but couldn’t place her.
“This is Debora Holmes.
She’s joining the cast today, playing the boss in the second half.
You two will be sharing plenty of scenes, so get acquainted,” Luther introduced.
Stella’s memory clicked into place.
Debora had started young.
She was a child star who had hit the big leagues at twenty.
But then she’d vanished for three years, reappearing only recently to find herself edged out by new talent.
Stella extended her hand.
“Hey there, I’m Stella.
I’m just starting out, so I’m all ears for any tips you’ve got.
”
Facing off with a star like Debora was a dream come true for Stella.
She’d never imagined this moment.
###chapter1435
Debora’s vibe was chillier compared to Stella’s excitement.
She flashed a smile at Stella but her eyes darted past her.
“Long time no see, huh?”
Stella turned to see Luka standing behind her.
Luka’s face tensed for a moment.
But he quickly smoothed it out and greeted Debora.
“Long time, indeed.
”
Stella’s eyes bounced between them.
Did Luka and Debora have history?
But Luka didn’t catch her gaze.
He just said to Debora, “Stella’s new to the game.
You’ve got experience.
Look out for her.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Debora gave a slight nod but her face looked off.
“Alright, now that we’re all acquainted, let’s prep for the shoot,”
Luther chimed in.
Thirty minutes later, the actors were set.
It was showdown time between Stella and Debora.
Stella was definitely feeling the nerves now.
In today’s scene, Debora’s character misunderstood the heroine, almost slapping her but holding back.
“Action!” Luther’s call snapped Stella into focus.
Debora stared at Stella, her heart torn.
With a heavy hand, she swung.
Slap!
The slap left everyone stunned.
Luther’s face scrunched up, ready to yell “cut,” but Stella kept going with her lines.
“Is that how you see me?” Stella hid her face, tears welling up as she glanced at Debora.
Debora froze, staring at Stella with wide eyes.
The whole set hushed, waiting for Debora’s comeback.
But she stayed silent for ages.
“Cut,” Luther called out.
“Let’s give the actors a breather.
”
Debora slowly snapped out of it, her gaze fixated on the handprint she left on Stella’s cheek.
The makeup artist spotted it too and rushed over with an ice pack.
Debora mumbled an apology to Stella, her voice barely audible.
She couldn’t understand why she’d lost control like that.
###chapter1436
Stella smiled reassuringly.
“I’m okay.
”
Debora slumped into a nearby chair, replaying Luka’s words in her head about looking out for Stella.
She’d known Luka forever, but hearing him talk about another woman hit her hard.
Was he finally moving on from their past?
It weighed heavy on Debora.
Going back to how things were seemed impossible.
Yet, after all these years, she still couldn’t shake off what she had with Luka.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
She had to admit that slap had a tinge of selfishness to it.
Little did she know, Stella was quick on her heels.
This wasn’t some amateur acting, as Luka had hinted.
Debora shut her eyes, trying to get her emotions in check.
“Ready, action!”
The cameras rolled for the second take.
Debora dove into character, confronting Stella.
“Giselle, I didn’t expect this from you.
Remember why you joined the dance team in the first place?”
Stella shook her head, scrambling to defend herself.
“No, it’s not like that…”
“ALL I see is you giving up your dreams for a guy you barely know!”
Debora’s heart clenched.
She raised her hand, ready to slap Stella, but hesitated.
Stella locked eyes with her, pleading, “Is that how you see me?”
Debora didn’t respond, withdrawing her hand.
“Just get out!”
“Cut!” Luther exclaimed, rising from his seat.
“That was perfect!
It’s your first performance together.
Plenty more scenes ahead.
Work on that chemistry.
”
“Got it,” Stella chirped, pleased.
Later that evening, as Stella walked in, she found Matthew staring blankly at his phone.
Peering over his shoulder, she saw Luka’s tweet, featuring behind-the scenes photos from today’s shoot.
She felt a bit awkward but also worried Matthew might be upset, so she clarified, “Luther gave permission for this online post.
And since Luka’s got a big following, it’s good publicity for the movie.
”
###chapter1437
Matthew set his phone aside, scooped up Stella, and sat her on his lap.
“Seems like other guys are noticing my charming wife.
Guess I have to step up my game.
”
Stella wrapped her arms around his neck, curious.
“So, how are you planning to spoil me?”
Matthew’s grip tightened around her waist.
He gazed into her eyes, his voice husky.
“I’m taking my wife for wedding photos.
”
“Wedding photos? Already?” Stella was taken aback.
Matthew playfully pinched her cheek, reminding her, “It’s not soon.
Our wedding’s at the end of next month.
We haven’t even taken photos yet.
It’s overdue.
”
Stella pondered for a moment, then chuckled sheepishly.
With all the recent chaos and her busy filming schedule, she’d forgotten about the wedding plans for a bit.
“Where are we shooting?” she asked.
“I’ve got filming in Seamarsh.
Can’t really leave.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“I get it.
We’ll do it in the city.
” Matthew reassured her.
“You’ve got this weekend off.
We’ll go around Seamarsh and snap some pics.
”
“Sounds good.
” Stella nodded happily.
As she released his hand to text, Matthew frowned.
“It’s late.
Who’re you messaging?”
Without looking up, Stella replied bluntly, “Haley.
”
Matthew’s expression darkened.
He reached over and tapped her phone screen.
“What’s up?”
Looking him in the eye, Matthew spoke seriously.
“I need you to be prepared.
If the test shows Haley isn’t your mom, don’t let it crush you.
”
Stella met his gaze firmly.
“I know.
Don’t worry.
”
Neville and Miley returned from Dorburn.
As soon as they got off the plane, Amya and Hurley approached them.
The air was thick with tension as the two parties met, none wearing smiles.
Miley felt a tug at her instinct to pull her hand away from Neville’s grasp, yet his grip only tightened.
Amya’s eyes caught this small exchange, her expression darkening further.
She couldn’t hide her disdain as she bluntly questioned Neville.
“Why did you bring her to Dorburn?”
While Hurley remained silent, his stern face mirrored Amya’s disapproval, clearly unhappy with Miley’s presence.
###chapter1438
Unfazed and firm, Neville wrapped an arm around Miley, declaring, “Miley is my girlfriend.
My mind is made up.
I stand by her regardless of the circumstances.
”
“You-” Amya, on the brink of an outburst, was subtly restrained by Hurley, who signaled with a wink that cooler heads should prevail.
Grasping his intent, Amya swallowed her anger, her tone rigid as she turned to Miley.
“Would you care to join us for dinner?”
The sudden shift in Amya’s demeanor left Miley and Neville bewildered, unsure of how to react.
Silence hung between them until Amya reiterated, “We’re here for Neville, and we’ve already made dinner arrangements.
If it’s alright with you, Miley, let’s dine together.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Neville sensed his mother was attempting to reach a compromise.
He turned to Miley, gauging her willingness.
“Would you like to join them? If you’re not up for it, we can meet my parents another time.
”
Amya struggled to keep her composure, barely containing her fury.
Miley took a moment before she nodded in agreement.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Being back with Neville meant facing his family eventually.
She saw no point in stirring conflicts with his mother right away.
They arrived at an upscale restaurant and were seated.
As the waiter presented the menus, Amya gave Miley a loaded glance before speaking.
“Miley, are you certain you wish to remain here?”
Puzzled, Miley responded, “I don’t follow.
What are you implying?”
With a scoff, Amya revealed, “I thought you should know, we’ve introduced Neville to someone, and she’ll be joining us shortly.
You’re welcome to stay, but just know, we won’t be the ones left embarrassed.
”
Neville’s patience snapped at his mother’s insinuations.
“What are you getting at, Mom? Another girl?”
His intention had been to use the dinner as an opportunity to affirm his commitment to Miley, not to be blindsided by his mother’s schemes.
Amya met his outburst with a cold indifference.
“Isn’t it obvious?
Your father and I cannot accept her.
You’re expected to marry someone of our standing.
”
Her gaze shifted to Miley, dripping with scorn.
“And she will never be welcomed into the Pierce family.
”
Miley’s lips quivered as she felt a rush of emotion, her complexion turning ashen.
In a swift motion, she tossed the menu onto the table, grabbed her purse, and made to leave.
Neville caught her wrist, pulling himself up to halt her departure.
He fixed a determined gaze on his mother.
“Mom, there’s something you need to grasp.
Choosing Miley was my decision, and it wasn’t made to seek your approval.
”
###chapter1439
“Neville…
His mother’s protest fell on deaf ears as he pressed on, “As for the woman you’re mentioning, she means nothing to me.
That meeting was your arrangement, not mine.
”
Unable to contain his frustration, Hurley slammed the table.
“Do you realize what you’re saying?”
Neville stood his ground, unwavering.
“Miley is my partner.
Your approval is irrelevant to this truth.
Furthermore, you’re unaware of one aspect.
I’ve been impotent for a while, which Miley accepts without judgment.
”
The revelation left Hurley and Amya exchanging startled glances.
Amya’s voice shaking as she inquired, “What’s wrong? How can this be?”
Neville chose not to divulge too much, offering a vague explanation.
“That chapter is behind us.
My focus now is on my life with Miley.
”
Feeling the firmness of Neville’s grip, Miley sensed his deep commitment.
It stirred something within her, reinforcing her resolve.
She clasped his hand tighter and faced his parents with conviction.
“I love him deeply.
And I won’t let him go easily again.
I’m committed to making him happy.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Miley’s words brought warmth to Neville’s chest.
Her words acted like a balm, instilling him with hope for their shared future.
‘s BunnyBookery
He had laid his cards on the table, leaving his parents’ reaction out of his hands.
Wordlessly, he clasped Miley’s hand, guiding her out of the room.
They reached the door, and Miley hesitated, not moving further.
“What’s wrong?” Neville paused, turning to her.
“Neville… This decision might sever your ties with your family forever.
” Her voice carried a tremor of worry, fearing he had made a hasty decision that he would later regret.
With a soft smile, Neville responded, “That’s okay.
”
His gaze deepened as he added, “Before you came into my life, I didn’t have any real direction.
I was resigned to the idea of an arranged marriage, simply floating along with the currents of my social circle.
”
There was a calm certainty in his voice, devoid of any despair.
“Meeting you changed everything.
I realized that not all marriages are the same.
” He touched Miley’s shoulder, his eyes meeting hers.
“Having you by my side is invaluable to me.
”
Miley stood, absorbing his heartfelt admission for the first time.
###chapter1440
She hadn’t realized the depth of her influence on Neville.
In that moment, she embraced him silently, her actions speaking volumes more than words ever could.
Neville led Miley back to his home, where he prepared dinner for her.
Throughout the meal, they shared stories and laughter, with Miley learning about some of Neville’s most embarrassing childhood moments.
She felt a newfound closeness between them, more so than ever before.
After they finished eating, they settled on the couch, Miley finding comfort in Neville’s embrace.
After some thought, she voiced a concern.
“What if your family never comes around to accepting me? What then?”
She hoped that their relationship could be accepted by their parents.
Neville looked at her, his response reassuring.
“I’ll handle it.
As long as I have you, I want to ensure you have a life filled with happiness, free of worries.
” His gaze was tender yet determined.
“And don’t worry, I’m resourceful.
Even if I were to step away from my family’s influence, I have the skills to thrive on my own.
”
“But…”
Before Miley could express another worry, Neville silenced her with a ki*s.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
This wasn’t just any ki*s.
It was one that spoke of his intentions, gentle yet insistent, as if he was reaffirming their connection.
With a flip, Neville pressed Miley on the sofa.
She was so nervous that she pushed his shoulders subconsciously.
Yet, Neville’s embrace remained firm, deepening their ki*s, his hand tenderly tracing her waist beneath her clothes.
A soft sigh escaped Miley, a mixture of surprise and warmth filling the air between them.
Neville’s affectionate gestures continued, his touch gentle as it roamed, conveying his deep feelings without words.
Miley, caught in the moment, felt her apprehensions melt away, her anticipation growing.
She realized she was open to wherever this moment might lead.
Suddenly, Neville paused, a look of embarrassment crossing his face.
“I’m sorry, Miley…”
Despite the momentum of their intimacy, he hesitated, caught between desire and his own Limitations.
Miley quickly adjusted her attire, her voice soothing as she addressed his concern, “It’s okay.
Maybe we’re moving too fast.
”
“Miley, just wait.
I’ll find a way through this.
” Neville’s resolve was apparent.
###chapter1441
Her smile was gentle, reassuring.
“Even if things don’t change, my feelings for you won’t.
I love you, just as you are.
”
Neville’s reply was tinged with a mix of assertiveness and vulnerability.
“You shouldn’t say that.
I’ll resolve this.
Please, don’t let any man close to you.
”
“You’re quite possessive,” Miley teased, feeling the need to Lighten the mood.
“I’m going to take a shower now.
”
She pushed away Neville and went to the bathroom.
Neville was quick to follow, his embrace enveloping her once more, his voice low and earnest.
“Miley, my love for you is unwavering.
In my life, it’s only you.
”
She could hear the unease in his voice, feel the weight of his words.
She wrapped her arms around him, her voice soft and comforting.
“I know.
I’ve made up my mind too.
I’m with you, no matter what lies ahead.
”
The next day, Matthew was engrossed in his work when a knock on the door interrupted him.
Fernando stepped in.
“Mr.
Clark.
”
“What is it?” Matthew asked, setting down his pen.
“We’ve figured out Haley’s identity.
”
Matthew’s expression hardened slightly as he responded, “Let me see.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Fernando swiftly handed over the file.
Matthew opened the file, his eyes drawn to the photo inside.
The woman staring back was completely unrecognizable from the Haley he’d encountered-almost like a different person entirely.
He furrowed his brow as he flipped through the document.
It was disappointingly brief, offering scant information about Haley.
With a slightly stern look, he asked, “Is this everything?”
Fernando nodded.
“Yes, but we’re confident the Haley you met isn’t who she claims to be.
”
A shift flickered across Matthew’s face.
“What now, Mr.
Clark? Should we tell Mrs.
Clark?” Fernando inquired.
“The paternity test results will be out today as well.
”
Matthew’s already cool demeanor seemed to reach an even lower temperature.
He placed the file down, stood, and grabbed his coat from the nearby rack.
As he walked out, he instructed Fernando, “Don’t breathe a word to Stella yet.
I’m heading out.
”
He took the elevator to the parking garage and drove to Haley’s hotel.
During the drive, he arranged to meet Haley at the executive bar on the eighth floor.
###chapter1442
When he arrived, Haley was already there.
Before she could speak, Matthew cut her off, his voice firm.
“Leave Stella immediately, or I will take every measure necessary to ensure you do.
”
Haley’s smile faltered momentarily.
But remembering Matthew’s clear dislike for her, she recovered quickly.
Feigning confusion, she replied, “Mr.
Clark, what’s going on? I’m Stella’s mother.
It’s taken me ages to find her.
All I want is to spend time with my daughter.
Even if you are Stella’s husband, you can’t force me to leave.
”
A chilling laugh escaped Matthew’s lips as he stepped closer to her.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The intensity in his eyes startled Haley.
She swallowed nervously and attempted to warn him.
“Mr.
Clark, this is a public place.
Don’t you think this behavior might upset Stella?”
Disgust flickered in Matthew’s eyes when he heard Haley’s affectionate use of Stella’s name.
He retrieved the file, slamming it on the table in front of her.
“Why the woman in these photos looks nothing like you now?”
He flipped it open, forcing Haley to confront the images.
“That’s how I used to look,” Haley replied calmly.
“After a car accident, my face was badly injured.
I needed facial reconstruction surgery, which obviously changed things.
”
Matthew wasn’t satisfied.
“Why did you choose to model your new face after Stella’s appearance?”
Caught off guard, a flicker of panic crossed Haley’s face.
As she fumbled for an answer, her phone on the table blared with an incoming call.
The caller ID displayed Stella’s name.
Relief washed over Haley as she answered the phone.
But before she could speak, Matthew snatched it, turning on speakerphone.
He didn’t want to give her a chance to beg for help.
Stella’s excited voice filled the room.
“The DNA test results are out.
.
Haley’s heart leaped in her chest, a silent prayer forming on her lips.
This was it, the moment everything hinged on.
“The test confirms it,” Stella continued.
“We’re related.
I am your daughter.
”
###chapter1443
Haley secretly breathed a sigh of relief and said to Stella on the other end of the line, “I wouldn’t mistake my precious daughter for someone else.
”
Stella was not in a hurry to hang up.
“Let’s have dinner together tonight.
I’ll discuss it with Matthew.
Then, I’ll take you to visit the Clark family.
”
Haley turned to Matthew.
His face was still livid after hearing the results of the DNA test.
“Haley, are you still there?” Stella asked when she noticed Haley had been silent on the other end of the line.
“Do you have something to do tonight?
If you’re busy tonight, it’s okay.
Although I really want to see you now, we can reschedule it for another day.
”
Since she had confirmed their relationship, Stella spoke to Haley in a more intimate voice and with a hint of coquettishness.
“Of course, I’m available tonight.
My dear daughter, I miss you, too.
So, I’ll see you tonight,” Haley replied.
Then, she hung up the phone and stepped back to distance herself from Matthew.
She looked at Matthew and said confidently, “Mr.
Clark, do you now believe that I am Stella’s biological mother?”
Matthew looked at her calmly without saying anything.
Haley met his eyes without any trace of fear or timidity.
“I don’t mean any harm.
I want nothing but to find my own daughter.
Stella is the only person I can rely on in this world.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After saying this, Haley burst into tears.
Matthew remained unmoved.
However, the test results left him with no choice.
If he continued to press her, he wouldn’t get anything.
He was silent for a few seconds.
Then, he raised his eyes, looked at Haley, and said solemnly, “I will keep an eye on you.
”
When Haley heard this, she stopped crying for a moment.
Then, she sobbed intermittently.
But after Matthew left, she stopped wiping her tears and put down her hand, breaking out in a cold sweat.
Her body trembled uncontrollably.
She asked the waiter to bring her a glass of wine and took a big gulp to sober herself up.
Haley rested for a while before she returned to her room.
As soon as she saw Kristian, she said, “You have to pay me more for this job.
It’s too stressful.
”
At the thought that she would be seeing Matthew every day, she couldn’t help trembling all over.
Kristian understood her difficulties.
He held her shoulder and persuaded her, “You must bear it.
We’re already halfway through.
Don’t you want money? You have to persevere to earn.
”
Elizabeth had something against Kristian.
He also feared that Bella would leave him if she knew the truth.
Bella was the only one supporting him financially.
He couldn’t lose her.
###chapter1444
He added, “After successfully entering the Clark family, you can get as rich as you want.
”
Haley looked at Kristian with a glimmer of hope in her eyes.
When Matthew returned to his car, he received a call from Stella.
His expression slightly froze.
Then, he adjusted his mood and pressed the answer button.
“Honey, the results of the DNA test have come out.
Haley is my mother.
”
Stella still sounded very excited.
“By the way, I have invited her to dinner.
Do you have time?”
Matthew looked back and glanced at the hotel where Haley stayed.
He said with a complicated expression, “I have several important meetings today.
I’m not sure when they will be finished.
You can go have dinner with her.
”
“Okay, I see.
” Stella sounded a little disappointed.
“I’LL send someone to pick you up after work.
I’ll see you at home tonight.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella didn’t say anything more.
She just hung up the phone.
Matthew closed his eyes, feeling a headache.
He couldn’t help asking himself.
Was he only overthinking because he was too worried about Stella’s safety?
Could it be that something was wrong with his previous investigation? Could it be that Haley was really Stella’s biological mother and not Bella?
He thought about it for a long time.
But in the end, he still couldn’t come up with a solution.
Matthew was so upset that he called Neville and asked him to drink with him tonight.
As twilight descended, Stella wrapped up her work precisely on schedule.
Emerging from the crew, she spotted a man in a crisp suit waiting respectfully next to the car.
It was the Clark family’s car, gleaming under the evening lights.
She approached, and the driver promptly swung open the back door.
“Mrs.
Clark,” he greeted.
Stella nodded in acknowledgment, though a hint of disappointment crept in as she noticed the empty back seat.
The absence of Fernando signaled Matthew’s busy schedule for the day.
She drew in a deep breath before stepping into the waiting car.
The disappointment swiftly dissipated as anticipation surged through her.
The thought of meeting Haley soon filled her with a mix of excitement and nervous energy.
###chapter1445
Despite having spent several days together, tonight marked a formal occasion to confirm their familial bond, lending a subtle but distinct gravity to the evening.
Lost in a daze, Stella suddenly realized they had arrived at the restaurant.
As Stella stepped out of the car, she reached for her phone, intending to call Haley and inquire about her whereabouts.
Before she could dial, she lifted her gaze and spotted Haley waving eagerly in her direction.
She tucked her phone away and strode purposefully towards Haley.
Just as Stella was about to greet Haley, she noticed that the smile on Haley’s face seemed forced, her expression stiff.
Nervousness prickled at Stella’s senses as she asked, “What’s wrong? Are you feeling alright?”
“I’m fine,” Haley replied, though her voice lacked conviction.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella keenly noticed the evasion in Haley’s eyes, a flicker of apprehension darting within them.
Clearly, she was hiding something.
“What happened?” she inquired, her voice filled with a mix of concern and determination.
“I’m your daughter, your only family here in Seamarsh.
Whatever it is, please don’t hide it from me.
I’ll do everything in my power to help you solve it.
”
Haley cast a glance at Stella, her shoulders sagging with a helpless sigh.
“It’s not a big deal.
I’m just concerned it might impact your relationship with Matthew.
”
Stella furrowed her brows in confusion.
“Matthew? What’s wrong with him?”
“Matthew came to see me today,” Haley revealed, her voice tinged with a mix of apprehension and uncertainty.
Stella’s frown deepened, her confusion growing with Haley’s revelation.
She had just spoken to Matthew on the phone earlier today, yet he hadn’t mentioned anything about meeting Haley.
“Why did he meet you?” Stella questioned, her voice tinged with a hint of concern and curiosity.
Haley pressed her lips together, a hesitant pause stretching before she spoke slowly.
“He suspected that I was not your mother.
But I don’t blame him.
He loves you so deeply, he’s always cautious.
He was afraid I pretended to be your mother just to get close to you.
Fortunately, there’s a DNA test.
I can finally openly declare that you are my daughter.
”
She reached out and clasped Stella’s hand, her eyes slightly red, betraying the emotional weight of the moment.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Sensing Haley’s distress and understanding Matthew’s concerns, Stella squeezed her hand reassuringly.
“Don’t dwell on it too much.
I’ll talk to him when I return.
He won’t suspect you anymore.
”
Haley nodded, her expression solemn.
“I have something to tell you.
”
“What is it?”
Lowering her head slightly, Haley spoke in a low voice, her words heavy with vulnerability.
“In the car accident, my face was seriously injured.
It was disfigured, and there were many lasting effects.
”
Stella’s eyes widened in empathy as she tightened her grip on Haley’s hand, a wave of compassion washing over her.
###chapter1446
“My appearance is completely different from before.
That’s why Matthew sought me out today,” Haley explained, her voice tinged with a mix of resignation and sadness.
Stella gently patted Haley’s hand, her voice choked with emotion.
“It’s all in the past now.
Let’s move forward and leave it behind us.
Now, all we need to do is live well and make the most of each day in the future.
”
“Okay.
” Haley smiled in relief.
“Let’s eat.
You must be starving after such a busy day.
”
Matthew and Neville met at the bar.
Matthew’s intuition pricked when he observed the seemingly content expression on Neville’s face.
Raising his glass, he remarked, “Congratulations; it seems you two are back together.
”
“Thank you,” Neville replied, declining the glass politely.
“I’m still undergoing treatment, so I can’t drink.
”
Matthew nodded understandingly and proceeded to enjoy a few glasses of wine.
Neville sensed something wrong with Matthew.
“What’s wrong? Why are you drinking like this?”
Matthew observed Neville in silence for a while, his gaze eventually drifting off aimlessly.
After a considerable pause, he shared with Neville, “Not long ago, a woman claiming to be Stella’s mother approached her.
The DNA results we got back today confirm they’re related.
”
“Shouldn’t that be relieving? What’s troubling you?” Neville asked as he poured himself some juice.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew shook his head.
“I had Fernando look into Stella’s background.
Everything suggested her mother was Bella, making this woman’s appearance quite puzzling.
There are many questions left unanswered.
”
Narrowing his eyes thoughtfully, he fiddled with his glass’s rim, then downed his wine in one go.
Observing Matthew’s gloomy expression, Neville suggested, “Maybe you’re overthinking it.
”
Matthew looked up, offering Neville a silent, questioning frown.
Neville whispered, “Your idea about Bella and Stella’s relationship is just a guess.
You seem stubborn that anyone close to Stella is up to no good.
”
Matthew’s expression turned grave, his lips tightening without him realizing.
Sitting up more straightly, he acknowledged, “You have a point.
My thoughts have been chaotic lately.
”
Neville watched, surprised.
Matthew was typically reserved, seldom sharing his anxieties so openly.
After a moment’s reflection, Neville reassured him with a pat on the shoulder.
“Recent events have been unsettling, likely causing you to overthink.
But remember, we’re in control here in Seamarsh.
Don’t stress too much.
”
Matthew remained silent.
After pondering, Neville said, “Don’t treat Haley like that.
She’ll only ease up on being watchful around you if you seem harmless.
If you still think she’s doubtful, you could give the DNA test another go.
”
###chapter1447
Matthew glanced down, saying nothing.
With the guidance of Neville, he did feel much better.
Their conversation didn’t last much longer.
Neville exited first after a call from Miley.
Matthew also returned to Prosper Bay.
When he entered the room, he spotted Stella sitting on the sofa, looking unhappy.
Matthew had a hunch and took a seat beside her.
“Why are you still awake? When did you finish the dinner?”
“Have you been drinking?” Stella asked, her brows furrowed.
“Just some work-related socializing,” Matthew responded indifferently.
Stella chose not to probe further about the drinking.
Instead, she asked, “Why didn’t you mention your visit to Haley today?”
Remembering Neville’s words, Matthew apologized, “I messed up.
I discovered something then.
I was worried you’d get hurt, so I went straight to her.
Now that we have the DNA test results, my doubts are cleared.
I’ll work on controlling my reactions better.
”
Stella was taken aback, not expecting an apology from him.
Her irritation quickly faded.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
In a gentle tone, she explained, “I’m not upset with you.
I’m just concerned about any tension between you and my mom affecting me.
”
“I get it,” Matthew assured her, planting a ki*s on her cheek.
“I won’t let it happen again.
”
Stella felt reassured by his words.
She playfully nudged him.
“Go shower You reek of alcohol.
”
With a smile, Matthew headed upstairs, lifting Stella in his embrace.
After freshening up, Matthew noticed Stella was still engrossed in her artwork.
“Why aren’t you in bed yet?”
Stella continued her drawing.
“I want to work a bit more.
I’ve neglected the wedding dress for days.
Now that I’m better, I need to catch up.
I’m feeling inspired today, too.
”
Approaching her, Matthew cautioned, “Don’t overdo it.
”
“No, I won’t.
” Stella smiled, full of enthusiasm.
“I’m creating this wedding dress for myself.
It deserves my best effort.
”
Several days had passed.
When Stella and Matthew found themselves having breakfast together, their morning tranquility was interrupted as Matthew’s phone erupted into a melodic chime.
Glancing at the caller ID, he exchanged a look with Stella.
“It’s Grandma.
”
Then he pressed the answer button.
“Matthew, are you available today? Get ready, both of you.
I’m eager to show you the wedding venue later,” Lucia’s voice, brimming with excitement.
Matthew said yes and hung up.
The phone, set to speaker mode, allowed Stella to partake in the conversation.
Setting aside her utensils, she turned to Matthew, a sparkle of enthusiasm in her eyes.
“I’ll call my mother.
Let’s go together.
”
###chapter1448
It was a rare sight to see Stella so genuinely excited, and Matthew knew he couldn’t let her down.
Without hesitation, Stella dialed Haley, inviting her to meet them at Prosper Bay.
Haley arrived promptly, a bundle of nerves at the prospect of meeting Matthew’s grandmother.
“Stella, is what I’m wearing okay? Should I change?”
“Don’t worry.
Grandma is quite approachable.
” Stella comforted her.
As they were exchanging words, Lucia made her appearance.
Matthew assisted her out of the car, and her gaze immediately found Haley.
The resemblance between Stella and Haley was unmistakable, their close rapport evident.
Lucia, putting the pieces together, approached with cautious curiosity.
“Stella, this is…?”
“Grandma,” Stella greeted, clasping Haley’s hand and stepping forward.
“This is my mother.
”
“Hello, I’m Haley Ramos, Stella’s mother.
” Haley, though stiff, managed a polite introduction.
Lucia, taken aback, turned her astonishment towards Matthew.
“Why didn’t you inform me of such a significant detail? I didn’t prepare a gift.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Grandma, it’s not Matthew’s fault,” Stella interjected, seeking to ease the tension.
“We only confirmed everything with a DNA test recently.
We planned to visit you and share the news, but then your call about the venue presented the perfect opportunity.
”
Hearing her explanation, Lucia couldn’t say anything more.
Her gaze softened as she looked towards Haley, offering a friendly smile.
“On our way, I plan to stop by the shopping mall.
I’d like to pick out a gift for you, Ms.
Ramos.
”
Stella attempted to politely decline, waving off the suggestion, but Lucia was insistent.
Left with no choice, they made a detour to the shopping mall first.
The visit led them straight to a jewelry store, where Lucia’s intentions became clear.
Haley immediately expressed her reluctance.
“Please, there’s no need for such expense.
I only wish for Stella’s happiness within the Clark family.
”
“It’s quite alright.
Choose whatever catches your eye, Lucia countered firmly, leaving no room for refusal.
“You are Stella’s mother.
It’s only right that the Clark family shows you our appreciation.
”
Even Stella joined in, trying to convince her mother.
“Something modest will do.
I don’t hold much value in such material things,”
Haley insisted.
But Lucia wouldn’t hear of it.
“You’re Stella’s closest family.
It’s not every day we get to celebrate this reunion.
You must select the very best.
”
Just then, Lucia’s phone interrupted the moment, and she excused herself with an apologetic smile to take the call.
She instructed the shop assistant to assist Haley in choosing jewelry, leaving them to it.
###chapter1449
Meanwhile, Stella and Matthew wandered off towards the clothing section, seeking inspiration for the wedding dress design.
With Lucia away, Haley finally felt a sense of relief wash over her.
Alone with the shop assistant, she made an unexpected request.
“Show me the most exquisite, expensive piece you have,” she said.
Upon Haley’s unexpected request, the shop assistant swiftly presented an array of haute couture accessories.
With each piece more stunning than the last, Haley couldn’t resist the temptation to adorn herself.
However, the moment Lucia returned to the shop, her smile momentarily wavered at the sight of Haley, whose eyes sparkled greed.
Lucia’s initial joy was tinged with hesitation, but she quickly regained her composure.
“What do you think? Have you found a piece that speaks to you?” she inquired, stepping closer.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Caught in the act, Haley hastily removed the jewelry, her explanation tumbling out in a rush.
“The shop assistant was so kind, urging me to try them on.
But really, they’re far beyond what I would consider.
”
With a warm and reassuring smile, Lucia gently pressed Haley’s hand.
“Please, don’t worry about the cost.
It’s my pleasure to gift this to you.
Feel free to try on whatever you like.
”
Haley smiled awkwardly.
She eventually settled on a diamond bracelet.
As they prepared to leave, Stella and Matthew returned, their timing impeccable.
At Stella’s inquisitive glance, Haley displayed the bracelet, her voice tinged with unease.
“It might seem extravagant, but your grandmother was insistent.
It would have been rude to decline such generosity.
”
Lucia’s intuition seemed to ripple with unease as she discreetly pulled Matthew aside, her voice a whisper of concern.
“I find Stella’s mother a bit peculiar.
Please, be cautious.
”
Matthew narrowed his eyes and said calmly, “Grandma, there’s no need for concern.
Ms.
Ramos has endured many trials to reconnect with Stella.
It’s been a long journey for her.
I’d ask that we try to understand and accept her.
”
Though still harboring a sense of discomfort, Lucia recognized the delicacy of the situation.
She feared that pressing the matter might lead to misunderstandings, especially with Stella.
With a heavy sigh, she conceded, “Alright, for your happiness and Stella’s,I’ll hold my peace.
”
Flossie’s phone buzzed, bearing an unexpected call from an unfamiliar number.
As she picked up the phone, a voice on the other end declared, “I’m Edmund Hanson.
”
Flossie’s heart skipped a beat.
She hadn’t anticipated hearing from him again after their hurried encounter.
Despite her attempts to reconnect, she had been met with silence until now.
She had resigned herself to the idea that she might never have the opportunity to express her gratitude, yet his unexpected phone call shattered that belief.
Flossie cleared her throat and addressed him formally, “Mr.
Hanson, how may I assist you?”
###chapter1450
“There’s something I’d like to discuss.
Can you meet me?” Edward spoke calmly.
“I will arrange for someone to pick you up.
”
“I have matters to discuss as well.
I’ll be there,” Flossie replied briskly.
After ending the call, she rapped lightly on the study door and informed Benny, “I’m heading to the supermarket.
I’ll be back later.
”
“Okay,” Benny replied.
Flossie took a moment to freshen up her appearance before stepping out.
She waited patiently downstairs until Edmund’s chauffeured car arrived a few minutes later.
As they left the city behind, Flossie marveled at the opulent manor that awaited them.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
It stood like a majestic fortress amidst the urban sprawl, a testament to wealth and power.
Flossie had not anticipated encountering such a majestic structure nestled beside Seamarsh.
She gazed at it in a bewildered haze.
“Here we are, miss,” the driver announced courteously, opening the door for her.
“Mr.
Hanson is waiting for you.
”
Flossie snapped back to reality and nodded before exiting the car.
A servant promptly approached and ushered her inside.
They eventually halted before a meticulously crafted door adorned with opulence.
She lightly tapped on the door, and a servant promptly swung it open, gesturing for her to enter.
“Miss, please come in.
”
The extravagant decor before her momentarily overwhelmed her senses, causing a slight dizziness.
However, she nodded and stepped inside nonetheless.
Edmund awaited her alone in the grand hall.
Flossie approached hesitantly, addressing him with a mixture of deference and trepidation.
“Mr.
Hanson.
”
When she sought assistance from Edmund, her mind registered only his wealth and power, nothing more.
However, in this moment, she gained a deeper insight into Edmund’s true identity.
She refrained from any impulsive actions, wary of upsetting someone of such stature.
Edmund’s rare smile put her at ease, albeit fleetingly.
Motioning for her to join him, he reassured her with a gesture.
“Relax, make yourself at home.
”
Flossie didn’t dare to refuse or retort.
She approached cautiously and settled on the couch beside him, her hands tightly intertwined as her mind momentarily went blank.
“You mentioned you wished to speak with me.
What’s on your mind?” Edmund spoke first, extending a cup of coffee towards her.
Prompted by Edmund’s reminder, Flossie remembered her purpose for being there.
###chapter1451
Retrieving a neatly wrapped gift box from her bag, she extended it to him with gratitude.
“Mr.
Hanson, I’m truly grateful for your assistance that day.
I’ve prepared a small token of appreciation for you, and I hope you like it.
”
Initially, she believed the gift to be fitting for Edmund.
However, in light of his evident wealth, she suddenly felt that it was a bit out of her reach.
Edmund didn’t mind it at all.
He accepted it with pleasure and eagerly opened the gift box, revealing a man’s watch nestled inside.
“Is this to your liking?”
To Flossie’s surprise, Edmund strapped the timepiece to his wrist.
Her eyes widened.
Edmund smiled with satisfaction.
“You are incredibly thoughtful.
This is truly the most considerate gift I’ve received.
”
Overwhelmed, Flossie waved off his gratitude.
“I’m just glad you appreciate it.
”
She felt a surge of nervousness, her senses heightened.
After a brief moment of silence, she gathered her composure and asked, “Mr Hanson, what is the reason for your request to meet with me today?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Edmund paused thoughtfully before addressing her concern.
“When we last crossed paths at the clubhouse, I sensed you were troubled.
I wanted to offer my assistance, if you’d allow.
”
This time, it was Flossie who was taken aback.
She hadn’t anticipated Edmund’s continued willingness to assist her.
Having met Edmund only once, she couldn’t fathom how he still remembered her.
Flossie felt a sense of unease settle over her.
She swallowed nervously, hesitated for a moment, and then mustered the courage to ask, “Mr.
Hanson, why are you helping me? We only met once.
”
Taking a sip of his coffee, Edmund regarded her intently and spoke slowly.
“Because you bear a striking resemblance to my daughter.
”
Flossie was utterly stunned.
“But I haven’t heard from her in many years,” Edmund continued, his voice tinged with melancholy.
“When I saw you that day, it brought back memories from the past, and I couldn’t shake the feeling of familiarity.
”
Flossie was speechless, grappling with the weight of his revelation.
After a while, she said honestly, “I have an unreasonable request, Mr.
Hanson.
It’s not for my business, but for my boyfriend’s.
”
Edmund frowned.
“My boyfriend used to be in business, but unfortunately, he faced failure.
He’s eager to make a comeback, but he’s struggling to find a partner.
”
As Edmund recalled the man from that evening, a trace of vindictiveness flickered in his eyes.
“Is he the individual I saw at the nightclub last time, the one with the disability?”
###chapter1452
When Flossie heard Edmund’s words, her expression hardened, and she said in a chilly tone, “Mr.
Hanson, I’m grateful for your assistance the other night and your advice today, but please don’t speak of my boyfriend in such a way.
”
Her voice was measured and distant.
Edmund’s eyes shifted a tad, a smirk formed at the corners of his mouth, but his cold demeanor gave off a spine-tingling chill.
In a quiet yet forceful tone, he asked, “Do you both share a strong bond?
Does he treat you well?”
Flossie frowned, expressing her unhappiness.
“Mr.
Hanson, we love each other, so I want to lend a hand.
If you find my request a burden, please disregard it.
”
Edmund remained quiet.
He observed Flossie with an intense gaze and eventually offered a warm smile.
“Fine, introduce me to your boyfriend.
If he seems reliable, I’ll consider assisting him.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Are you serious?” Flossie’s demeanor brightened.
Edmund affirmed, “Yes, but I’ll reserve my judgment until after I meet him.
”
“Believe me, Mr.
Hanson, he’s very dedicated.
If you lend him a hand, he’s bound to succeed.
” Flossie vouched for Benny with confidence.
Edmund remained silent, his expression unchanging.
After thanking him once more, Flossie stood up to leave.
Though Edmund wished for her to stay longer, he didn’t want to intimidate her, so he let her depart.
Alone, he pulled out his phone, loaded with details on Flossie.
The files revealed a shocking truth: Flossie was his long-lost daughter.
Years had passed without a trace of her, and he never imagined they’d cross paths like this.
He pondered if it was destiny.
Edmund’s eyes filled with tears.
He held back from letting her know he was her father.
He was uncertain about how Flossie viewed her father, fearing that his revelation might drive her to despise him and keep her distance.
He switched off his phone, exhaling deeply.
It was better to wait, he thought.
Flossie arrived home, her spirits high.
Upon entering, she encountered Benny, who was getting some water.
Benny gave her a questioning look and raised an eyebrow, noting her lack of groceries.
“Weren’t you supposed to be at the supermarket? Didn’t you pick up anything?”
###chapter1453
Flossie then recalled the lie she had told him earlier.
“Well…” She stumbled over her words, unsure of how to explain.
The previous encounter between Benny and Edmund had been tense, with both men standing their ground.
Would Benny welcome the news of Edmund’s offer of assistance?
As Flossie hesitated, Benny picked up on her unease.
He asked sharply, “What were you up to? Did you see someone?”
Noticing his anger and worried he might get the wrong idea, Flossie didn’t dare keep the truth from him.
She spilled all the details about her encounter with Edmund.
“Edmund is willing to meet you before deciding on his help.
”
Benny looked taken aback.
“He said that?”
Flossie affirmed, “Yes, it just came out, and to my surprise, he agreed.
”
Then, half-jokingly, she said, “Could Edmund be interested in me? I am pretty and young, after all…”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Flossie playfully listed her qualities, twirling a finger.
Benny’s expression soured.
He shot her a look and said coldly, “Fine, go ahead and be his girlfriend.
” With that, he walked away.
Noticing his nervousness, Flossie couldn’t help but chuckle to herself.
She dashed over and hugged Benny tightly from behind, resting her head against his back.
With a hint of playfulness, she said, “I’m not going anywhere.
You promised to be my boyfriend, so you must be responsible for me all your life.
”
Benny remained silent, yet his expression eased slightly.
The pleasant fragrance of Flossie surrounded him, sparking a silent wish in his heart.
He thought how wonderful it would be to remain by her side forever.
The next day, Stella invited Miley and Flossie for an afternoon coffee.
They arrived at the coffee shop one after another.
Miley was the last to arrive.
When she saw Flossie, she complained before she sat down, ”Where have you been? Why haven’t you shown up for so long?
You’re not answering my calls, and you’re not responding to my messages either.
Actually, I’ve already thought of calling the police and telling them you are missing.
”
When Flossie heard Miley’s exaggerated statement, she smiled in amusement.
“I just have something to do.
Stella knows it.
”
“So, you two have secrets, and you are hiding them from me,” Miley complained with feigned anger.
They chatted casually for a while.
Then, Miley came to the point.
“Flossie, my company will join a big show.
So, you have to spare time for me, no matter what’s keeping you busy.
I won’t take no for an answer.
You are the main force of this show.
It won’t be possible without you.
”
Flossie pursed her lips.
“Well, I have to check my boyfriend’s physical condition first.
Give me two days to give you my answer.
”
She lowered her eyes shyly, picked up the coffee cup, and took a sip, blocking the sight of the two women in front of her.
###chapter1454
“What did you say? Boyfriend? When did you have a boyfriend?” Miley asked in surprise.
Stella also caught the meaning of Flossie’s words keenly.
“Could it be that the person you took care of in the hospital is your boyfriend and not some distant relative?”
Flossie took a sip of her coffee again and said with a smile, “Stop asking any more questions.
”
But Miley reached out and took her coffee cup.
“Confession first before coffee.
”
Flossie had no choice but to tell the truth.
“I didn’t dare to tell you before because it wasn’t official yet.
We’ve just confirmed our relationship recently.
”
Miley was the first to ask a question.
“Is he handsome?”
She ran a modeling agency, and she attached great importance to appearance.
Flossie’s face flushed, and she nodded shyly.
Miley waved her hand.
“Forget it.
You are in love with him.
Of course, he is really handsome in your eyes.
Your words don’t count.
Since we are all here today, ask him to come here.
Then, we can help you assess him.
”
Flossie hesitated for a moment.
She didn’t know if Benny was willing to meet them.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“Hey, what’s wrong? Don’t you want us to meet him?” Miley asked teasingly when she noticed Flossie’s hesitation.
Stella also looked at Flossie inquisitively.
Flossie had no choice but to compromise.
“I’ll send him a message to pick me up later.
You can meet him by then.
”
Miley sighed and shook her head at Flossie’s disappointing look.
“It seems you are deeply in love.
I’m curious about what kind of a man can win the heart of our famous model.
”
“Come on, girls.
Stop making fun of me.
” Flossie smiled and changed the topic.
She asked Miley, “How are you and Neville recently? I can see that you look so happy.
Have you made up?”
“I think so,” Miley replied, sounding a little depressed.
She then took a sip of her coffee.
Flossie immediately sensed something amiss.
“What’s wrong?”
Miley confessed, “His parents don’t want us to be together.
But it’s okay.
I’ll take my time anyway.
Let’s stop talking about me, okay? This is supposed to be Stella’s day.
”
It was only then that Flossie remembered Stella was the one who asked them out.
She turned to Stella and asked, “Stella, why did you ask us out today?”
They all knew that Stella had been busy preparing for the wedding recently.
She wouldn’t spare time to have coffee with them for nothing.
Stella smiled.
“It’s a good thing you asked.
I want you two to be my bridesmaids.
”
“Really? Sure! No problem at all,” Flossie agreed happily.
“This is my first time being a bridesmaid.
”
###chapter1455
“I’ve been waiting for this.
Finally, the day has come.
I will be your bridesmaid.
” Miley, who was smiling just now, suddenly burst into tears.
Stella raised her hand and wiped off her tears.
“Hey, don’t cry.
Are you not happy for me?”
Miley chuckled.
“I’m crying because I’m happy.
These are tears of joy.
”
Stella nodded.
Then she turned around, took out the gift bags she had prepared, and handed them to Flossie and Miley.
“I’m going to take wedding photos with Matthew this weekend.
You can come with us.
These are your dresses I prepared for you.
Check if you like them.
”
“Of course, we do!” Miley and Flossie said in unison.
They took out the dresses and looked at them carefully.
Although the designs were simple, the details were tailored according to their very ingenious figures.
Miley and Flossie looked at their dresses for a while.
Then, Miley couldn’t help praising, “Stella, your design is awesome.
After you get married, you can’t be a housewife, okay? Otherwise, we will lose a talented designer.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella only smiled.
At this moment, Flossie’s phone rang.
She put down her dress carefully and looked at the screen.
Then, her smile deepened.
Flossie answered it, hummed, and nodded a few times.
Then, she hung up.
“Girls, I’m sorry.
My boyfriend is here to pick me up.
I have to go now.
See you this weekend.
” After saying this, she picked up her bag and left in a hurry.
Miley called out to Flossie, but she dashed off without looking back.
“She bolted off like lightning.
What sort of good-looking guy could have grabbed her attention like that?” Miley mused with a roll of her eyes.
“I’m curious to see who this guy is!”
After saying that, she was ready to go after her.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella tugged at her arm, cautioning, ““Flossie’s just begun’ this relationship.
If we barge in and her boyfriend isn’t ready to meet us, it could put her in a tough spot.
”
“So, we’re not going to see him?” Miley appeared let down.
“I’m concerned about Flossie.
She’s head over heels all of a sudden.
What if the guy’s no good?”
Stella stayed quiet before proposing, “How about we peek out the window? I think the guy Flossie’s into isn’t too shabby.
”
After a brief hesitation, Miley agreed.
“Alright.
”
They settled back into their seats and peered out together.
Flossie stood on the roadside.
Miley and Stella could sense her joy and warmth seeping through the window.
“Flossie seems really happy with her new boyfriend,” Stella observed.
She couldn’t shake off memories of the first time she crossed paths with Flossie.
Back then, Flossie seemed downcast and hopeless, like she had no light at the end of the tunnel.
###chapter1456
Then Flossie slowly worked her way into the model scene with her hard work.
Stella knew the challenges Flossie had faced and wished for her to find a dependable partner soon.
“Look, there’s a car pulling over,” Miley said, tugging at Stella’s arm to catch her attention.
A dark blue car arrived, halting near Flossie.
The driver donned in a black leather jacket and sunglasses, leaned out slightly as the window lowered.
Flossie gave him a peck on the cheek before climbing into the passenger seat, and then the car pulled away.
Glued to the window, Miley speculated, “I’ve got a feeling he’s quite the looker.
We need to have Flossie introduce him to us later.
I’m curious about his job and whether he’d consider modeling.
”
Miley was already concocting plans in her head.
After she said that, Stella didn’t reply.
Turning around, she noticed Stella staring blankly out of the window.
Miley waved her hand before Stella’s eyes, yet there was no reaction.
Curious, Miley prodded, “Stella, what’s on your mind? You look so engrossed.
”
Stella snapped back to reality, yet she remained silent.
Her thoughts lingered on the man she glimpsed in the car, a striking resemblance to Benny.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Could it be Benny was still alive? But how could it be possible?
She had witnessed Benny got shot.
He was gravely wounded; survival seemed out of the question.
“Stella, what’s wrong with you?” Miley pressed.
Stella shook her head, dismissing her concerns.
“I’m just delighted for Flossie, seeing her so content with her boyfriend.
”
With that, she tried to push aside her suspicions.
Perhaps she was mistaken.
That man couldn’t possibly be Benny.
Meanwhile, Flossie settled into the car, beaming at Benny.
“Thank you for the lift.
I hope I’m not interrupting your day.
”
Benny kept his eyes on the road, responding simply, “No.
”
“I ran into Stella and Miley.
Stella asked me to be a bridesmaid and even design the dress.
She’s incredibly skilled.
” Flossie bubbled with excitement, sharing her recent encounters.
She went on about her interaction, glancing at Benny.
“And I mentioned having a boyfriend to them, and they…”
Before she could even finish speaking, the car suddenly stopped.
Without thinking, she leaned forward and winced as the seatbelt dug into her.
###chapter1457
She gasped and clutched her chest in shock.
Before she could compose herself, she heard Benny’s questioning voice.
“What did you say to them?”
Flossie spun on her heel, her heart skipping a beat as she beheld Benny’s sullen visage.
“Tell me.
What exactly did you say to them?” Benny’s head tilted ever so slightly, his sharp gaze piercing through her, the cold light in his eyes undisguised.
“I…” Flossie pursed her lips as she gathered her courage.
Finally, she found her voice.
“I told them I had a boyfriend.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
His brows knitted tightly, and his expression turned as cold as ice.
“What else?”
Flossie shook her head, her voice barely a whisper.
“Nothing… Nothing else.
”
Benny let out a relieved sigh.
After a prolonged silence, he said, “In the future, don’t mention me in front of your friends.
”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Flossie’s brows furrowed in confusion as she met his gaze.
“Why?”
The notion of hiding their relationship had never crossed her mind.
She believed that if they were in love, they should share their happiness with their closest friends and seek their blessings.
However, Benny’s demeanor left her feeling uneasy.
She had fallen in love with Benny first.
She dared not delve too deeply into the reasons behind Benny’s agreement to date her.
Was it borne out of genuine love or merely a sense of guilt?
As he heard the grievance in her voice, Benny felt an inexplicable wave of melancholy wash over him.
He scratched his hair irritably, frustration evident in his movements.
“You knew someone had come to the hospital to investigate me.
My identity is sensitive.
I don’t want your friends to know about it before it’s settled.
I don’t want it to affect their lives.
”
“Really?” Flossie’s voice lifted with a hint of relief, the joy returning to her.
Benny remained silent but nodded in affirmation.
Flossie understood that Benny wasn’t one to speak at length.
She recognized the effort it took for him to express himself, making his recent explanation all the more significant to her.
She spared him any further discomfort and made a promise.
“I will keep my mouth shut in the future.
” When you’re ready, I’ll take you to see them.
”
“I’m sorry.
I was too anxious just now,” Benny apologized, his tone softened with sincerity.
After his apology, he wasted no time, starting the engine and resuming their journey.
With a faint smile gracing her lips, Flossie said softly, “It doesn’t matter.
I’ll ask for your permission in the future.
I was too reckless today.
I’m the one who should apologize.
”
Benny fell into deep thought, his silence enveloping the car.
He didn’t want Flossie to know in advance that his actions were driven by a desire for revenge against Matthew.
###chapter1458
He was determined not to let anything further unfold regarding this matter Even though Flossie loved him, he couldn’t bring himself to reveal his true intentions to her.
He understood the risks of getting closer to her, realizing it would be safer to keep his distance.
Yet, despite the danger, he couldn’t bear the thought of leaving her alone.
As they neared home, Flossie’s phone buzzed with a message from Edmund.
As Benny prepared to exit the car, Flossie’s voice stopped him in his tracks.
“Edmund sent a message.
He wants to see you.
Do you want to see him?”
“Of course!” Benny responded without hesitation.
Having failed to cooperate with Carl, he knew he needed to find a stronger backer to navigate the situation ahead.
At night, Stella lay in her bed, restlessly tossing and turning, unable to find the solace of sleep.
With over a month remaining until the wedding, her excitement and anticipation continued to grow with each passing day.
Despite her careful movements, Matthew still caught onto her subtle shifts.
Reaching out, he pulled her into his embrace.
Startled, Stella asked, “Did I wake you up?”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“No,” Matthew whispered, his breath warm against her ear.
“Why don’t you sleep?”
Stella wordlessly leaned into his embrace, finding comfort in the safety of his arms.
Matthew showed no signs of impatience.
With gentle strokes, he caressed her back, his touch patient and soothing, as if silently coaxing her into a peaceful slumber.
After a prolonged silence, Matthew heard Stella’s voice break the stillness.
“Are you looking forward to our wedding?”
Matthew’s tension eased as he understood the cause of Stella’s sleeplessness stemmed from their upcoming nuptials.
Gently stroking her back, his gaze softened further.
“Indeed, I’m quite looking forward to it.
”
“I must admit, I’m rather anxious.
” Seizing the veil of night for a heartfelt confession, Stella shared her fears.
“The prospect of erring at the ceremony terrifies me.
The Clark family holds significant esteem in Seamarsh.
With every eye upon me, any misstep could not only embarrass me but also tarnish the family’s reputation.
”
“No way, nobody’s going to laugh at you,” Matthew assured her softly.
However, Stella wasn’t swayed by his reassurance.
She anxiously checked her face and waist, fretting.
“Do I look bigger to you? Should I try to slim down first? What if I don’t look right in my wedding dress?”
Matthew could only offer a helpless smile in response.
Flicking on the bedside lamp, he pulled Stella close, meeting her eyes with a serious, comforting gaze.
“Hey, you always look amazing, no matter what.
And if it really comes down to it, we’ll just find you a dress that fits perfectly.
No need to stress over changing anything about yourself.
”
Stella’s face was a tangle of worry, her brows furrowed deeply.
Seeing her distress, Matthew couldn’t help but feel a pang of guilt, wondering if he’d somehow contributed to her feeling this burdened.
###chapter1459
“Listen, I’ve got your back, okay? Just leave everything to me,” he assured her, cradling her face before giving her a reassuring ki*s.
“Your only job is to gear up to be the world’s happiest bride.
”
He continued to soothe her worries with endless patience.
As Stella rested her head on his chest, the steady rhythm of his heart helped ease her into a calmer state.
Before long, she drifted off to sleep, comforted and secure in his embrace.
The following morning, Stella arrived at the film set bright and early.
With her wedding day drawing near, she was grateful that the crew’s collaboration had become more streamlined, accelerating the pace of production.
They were nearing the end of filming.
Taking a break during a shoot, Stella found a quiet corner in the cafe arranged by the crew, slipped on her headphones, and allowed herself a moment of rest, eyes closed.
As she relaxed, a chilly breeze swept through, but Stella merely snuggled deeper into her coat, choosing to remain in her tranquil bubble.
However, her peace was abruptly interrupted by the grating noise of a chair scraping against the floor.
As Stella removed her headphones, a familiar female voice reached her ears.
It was Debora.
Peering through the foliage that concealed her presence, Stella’s gaze immediately fell on Luka.
His posture rigid, his expression a mix of faint anger and resignation, he faced Debora.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Stella was on the verge of revealing herself when Debora’s pleading voice broke through.
“Luka, can’t we just get back together? I know I messed up, and I’m sorry.
Can you forgive me?”
Frozen, Stella hesitated, uncertain of what to do next.
Luka’s response was a silent, icy stare.
Their tumultuous history traced back several years.
At the time, Debora was at the peak of her fame, while Luka was just beginning his journey in the entertainment industry.
Their paths crossed on a show, sparking a romance that quickly deepened.
Eager to go public with their relationship, Luka was met with Debora’s refusal, opting to keep their love hidden.
Despite this, Luka honored her wishes, and they continued their secret liaison.
But their story took a dramatic turn when Debora became pregnant.
Returning from the set one day, Luka was buoyant with the intention of seeking out Debora, only to be confronted with the devastating news that the pregnancy had been terminated.
Years later, the memory of his heartbreak was as vivid as if the sky itself had crumbled upon him.
Had Debora consulted him beforehand, things might have been different.
Yet, he was blindsided, learning of the abortion only after the fact, when it was too late to alter the course of their lives.
During their relationship, Luka had been accommodating of Debora’s every whim, no matter how capricious.
But this unilateral decision crossed a line he couldn’t overlook, shaking the foundation of what he could endure.
###chapter1460
Consequently, he firmly ended their relationship, cutting off all communication thereafter.
Pulled back from his reverie by the gravity of his lost child, Luka felt a profound sadness.
Composing himself, he dismissed Debora’s plea with a measured indifference.
“We can’t go back to how things were.
Debora, it’s time to move on.
”
Debora widened her eyes in disbelief, shaking her head almost reflexively.
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“No, I can’t accept that.
Luka, I sense you’re still upset with me.
I had no other option back then…”
“Debora, it’s all over,” Luka cut in.
His voice was steady, and his face showed no emotion.
A wave of disappointment washed over Debora.
If Luka were still annoyed, it might mean he still had feelings for her.
But he was so relaxed now.
It didn’t seem like an act at all.
It looked like he genuinely put the past behind him and was embracing a fresh start.
Debora shook her head, not ready to give in.
“Luka, can we try again? Let’s start fresh, alright? This time, we can be together openly.
There’s no need to hide anymore.
”
Her voice turned into a plea, tears filling her eyes.
Luka inhaled deeply, his resolve clear.
“It’s too late for us.
There’s no turning back or moving forward together.
”
Debora stood motionless, her body shaking.
She refused to accept the outcome with Luka.
She wasn’t ready to give up.
Wiping away a tear, Debora looked up at Luka with defiance and sorrow.
“Have you fallen for someone else?”
Although Luka remained silent, Debora felt a shift in his demeanor.
She seemed to recall something and smiled bitterly.
“Is she Stella?”
Luka’s lips tightened, and he paused for a moment.
Instead of responding, he advised, “If you’ve decided to return to acting, put your focus there and leave other thoughts behind.
”
After saying that, he promptly turned around and left.
Watching him walk away, tears finally streamed down Debora’s cheeks.
After waiting in silence, Stella heard nothing.
She decided to slip out the back door to avoid running into Debora and Luka.
###chapter1461
Just as she got up, Debora’s voice stopped her.
“Have you been here all the time?” Debora asked coldly.
Caught off guard, Stella removed her Bluetooth headset, offering a feigned smile.
“Were you speaking to me?”
She held up the Bluetooth headset she was holding and apologized.
“I’m sorry.
I was lost in my music and didn’t catch what you were saying.
”
Debora gave her a quick look and exhaled in relief, seemingly convinced Stella hadn’t overheard their conversation.
She awkwardly adjusted her hair and said, “Just a reminder that break time is nearly up.
We should head back to work.
”
Stella quickly nodded and left.
As soon as she shut the door, she hastened her steps and ran away.
She never imagined there was a connection between Debora and Luka like that.
Luckily, she had put her headphones back on.
Otherwise, there might have been trouble.
During the afternoon shoot, Debora’s performance was off, likely upset from her earlier exchange with Luka.
Her scenes, particularly with Luka, were riddled with errors.
Seeing tension between them, Luther said sternly, “We’re on a tight schedule.
Sort out your issues after we’re done shooting.
You’re actors.
Get prepared once shooting begins!”
Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He didn’t mention anyone out, but the implication was clear.
Debora remained silent, head bowed.
Luka stepped in, proposing, “Maybe we can prioritize Stella’s scenes, and then Debora and I can film ours.
”
Luther didn’t immediately consent.
He sought Stella’s input first and, upon her agreement, decided to proceed with Luka’s idea.
The filming with Stella and Luka went on smoothly, visibly impressing Luther.
After the last round, Luther complimented Stella.
“Stella, your acting skills are getting better.
When you’re acting, you’ve got to focus.
If you’re feeling personal stuff, it’ll be tough to do a good job.
”
His gaze subtly shifted towards Debora.
Stella responded with a modest smile.
However, when she glanced at Debora, she noticed her demeanor had darkened even further.
###chapter1462
Stella felt a wave of discomfort washing over her.
After exchanging brief words with Luther, she couldn’t help but escape the filming site.
Once she changed out of her costume, she briskly made her way out, leaving the crew behind.
She was to dine with Matthew that evening.
As she stepped out, his car was already waiting by the door.
With quick steps, Stella trotted over, opened the door, and slid into the car.
Matthew’s keen eyes caught the hint of panic in her demeanor.
“What’s wrong?”
Shaking her head, Stella felt the weight of a secret threatening to suffocate her.
After a moment’s hesitation, she confided in Matthew about the words she overheard in the cafe.
With a heavy sigh, she expressed her regret.
“If I had known, I wouldn’t have visited the cafe today.
Now that Debora knows, she’s going to be wary of me every single day.
”
Matthew’s brows furrowed in concern.
“Did she do anything to you?”
“No,” Stella responded, shaking her head once more.
“I pretended to be absorbed in a song, hoping to allay any suspicions.
But it seems I must tread more carefully around her on set from now on.
”
Pressing his lips together in a thin line, Matthew offered his perspective.
“That’s their private matter.
You don’t need to burden yourself with it.
Just focus on what you need to do.
”
“Okay,” Stella answered sulkily.
Without another word, Matthew ignited the engine and steered them away from the crew’s prying eyes.
After their dinner, Stella and Matthew stepped out of the restaurant, immediately greeted by a sharp, cold wind and the gentle descent of snow.
Stella raised her head, allowing the snowflakes to grace her face, feeling them melt away in her palms.
“Aren’t you cold?” With careful hands, Matthew zipped up her coat, then pulled the hood over her head, enveloping her in warmth.
It was only after ensuring she was thoroughly wrapped up that he clasped her hand, interlocking their fingers, and tucked it securely into his pocket for warmth.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Witnessing his attentiveness, Stella’s smile widened.
Gazing up at him, she admired his defined jawline and the soft curve of his lips.
“It’s been a long time since it snowed like this.
”
Matthew looked down into her eyes, now sparkling with joy, and smiled.
“It’s snowing.
The new year is approaching, and things will only get better for us.
”
Finally, the weekend dawned.
They were to have their wedding photos taken at a beautiful resort in Seamarsh, a location exclusively available to them thanks to Matthew’s influence and Prosperity Group’s investment.
Upon arriving, Miley stepped out of the car, her excitement palpable.
She eagerly grabbed Flossie’s hand, her eyes darting around to take in the splendor of their surroundings.
“Mr.
Clark, you really are wealthy,” she remarked, a hint of awe in her voice.
“This entire place has underfloor heating.
We won’t have to worry about the cold during the shoot.
You’ve thought of everything.
”
###chapter1463
Matthew’s eyebrows arched in mild amusement as he suggested, “You could also ask Neville to arrange something special for you.
”
Seizing the moment, Neville wrapped an arm around Miley’s shoulder with a grin.
“No need for reminders, I’ll make sure everything is perfect for her.
”
“Who wants to marry you?” Miley retorted, slipping out of his grasp and darting away.
The atmosphere was light and filled with laughter until the photographer arrived, slightly late and bearing an apologetic look.
“The heavy snowfall today slowed me down.
”
Matthew simply nodded, urging the photographer to prepare quickly without dwelling on the delay.
Meanwhile, the makeup artist had already finished Stella’s makeup and directed, “Mr.
Clark, you can go change your clothes now.
”
Hearing that, Matthew followed Stella to change clothes.
When Miley caught sight of Stella emerging in a wedding dress, her reaction was priceless-her mouth agape in awe.
She couldn’t help but capture the moment on her phone, murmuring, “Damn! A wedding dress truly transforms a woman.
”
Flossie, too, was taken aback by Stella’s appearance.
Circling around her, she exclaimed, “Babe, you look absolutely stunning in that dress!”
Encouraged by Miley’s and Flossie’s lavish compliments, Stella glanced at herself in the mirror, her satisfaction with the wedding dress growing.
“Hurry up and change into your bridesmaid dresses.
We’ll take photos together later,” she urged.
Once their friends had departed, the photographer orchestrated Stella and Matthew’s photo session first.
Under his expert guidance, the couple’s interaction blossomed into something beautifully natural, each photograph capturing their genuine connection against the backdrop of the enchanting snow outside.
Stella, reviewing the captured moments, found herself quite pleased with the results.
After her friends had donned their outfits, they all participated in several group photos, which unfolded smoothly.
With the photography session concluded, the photographer took his leave.
When Stella and the group emerged after changing out of their attire, they were greeted by the villa’s owner, who had thoughtfully prepared a meal for them.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
They sat down together, hands linked, smiles on their faces.
However, Flossie soon leaned back in her chair, her complexion turning noticeably pale.
“Are you tired?” Stella inquired, concerned.
Noticing Flossie’s discomfort, she suggested, “Eat something first.
It might be low blood sugar.
”
Acknowledging the advice, Flossie attempted to rally, straightening in her chair.
Yet, as soon as she reached for a fork, a wave of nausea overwhelmed her.
She set the fork down hastily, stood abruptly, and rushed to the bathroom, covering her mouth.
Stella and Miley reacted immediately, rising to follow her.
“Flossie, are you okay? Did you catch a cold?”
Flossie managed a weak wave of her hand towards Stella and Miley before feeling a wave of nausea hit her again.
###chapter1464
She instinctively looked down at her belly, a sense of premonition washing over her.
Although the possibility filled her with joy, she wasn’t ready to share her suspicion with others just yet.
So she lied, “It should be gastroenteritis.
I’m not feeling well these days.
”
“Why didn’t you mention this sooner? We could have rescheduled the photo shoot if I’d known you weren’t well,” Stella said, her brow furrowed in worry.
“Put on your coat, at least.
We don’t want you catching a cold on top of everything.
”
Flossie nodded, “Okay.
”
As they made their way back to the dining room, Flossie slipped into her coat, her movements gentle.
She sat in silence, her hand surreptitiously resting on her belly, contemplating the need to confirm her suspicions with a pregnancy test as soon as she returned home.
Flossie pushed her food around her plate, her appetite dulled by the weight of her preoccupation.
Every bite felt like a burden on her already troubled stomach.
Her fingers found their way to Stella’s hand beneath the table, her touch a silent plea for understanding.
“Stella, if there’s nothing else, I think I should head back.
”
Miley’s eyes widened in curiosity.
“Why? We’ve got cake waiting for us later.
It’s the weekend, after all.
No other plans in sight.
How about we make the most of this luxurious villa and have some fun?
There are so many rooms in the resort.
It won’t be a bargain if you don’t stay here.
Am I right, Mr.
Clark?”
Matthew’s tranquil gaze swept over them, his voice a soothing melody in the air.
“I’ve taken care of your accommodations for tonight.
Why not enjoy the breathtaking night view with Stella?”
“Your generosity is truly appreciated, but my heart still yearns for home.
” Flossie shook her head slowly.
Stella’s gaze was filled with concern as she observed her friend, noticing the lingering signs of fatigue.
“Are you still not feeling well?”
She extended her hand towards Flossie’s forehead.
“You don’t have a fever.
But if you’re feeling uncomfortable, don’t hesitate to ask the doctor to check on you.
”
She glanced at Matthew with a subtle nod.
Without delay, he retrieved his phone from his pocket, ready to assist.
“Don’t bother,” Flossie intervened hastily, a playful twinkle in her eye.
“You’re in pairs.
I’m feeling a tad jealous and suddenly longing to hunt down my boyfriend.
”
“I see…” Miley smiled playfully.
“Why don’t you bring your boyfriend with you today? In that case, you won’t be lost in thought all the time.
”
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“You will have a chance to see him in the future.
” Flossie spoke vaguely.
“I’d better head back first.
”
Observing Flossie’s resolve, Stella yielded.
“Okay, if you want to go back, just go.
Let’s plan to meet up another day.
Matthew, could you arrange for someone to drive Flossie home?”
Matthew nodded in acknowledgment before called out to a nearby bodyguard.
“Orion, please see Flossie safely off.
”
“Okay,” Orion said and immediately went to drive the car.
Before Flossie departed, Stella dr@ped a coat over her shoulders, a gesture of warmth and concern.
“It’s chilly out there.
Remember to send me a message once you’re home.
And if you’re still feeling unwell, don’t hesitate to ask your boyfriend to take you to the hospital.
”
“I will.
” Flossie nodded, offering a reassuring smile before stepping out.
At that moment, Orion’s car pulled up outside.
As Flossie made her way towards the vehicle, Stella and Matthew returned to the cozy confines of the living room.
###chapter1465
Miley raised the glass of red wine to her lips, taking a sip as her thoughts churned.
Suddenly, a realization dawned on her, prompting her to set the glass down with a sense of urgency.
“The more I dwell on it, the more I sense something amiss.
”
The collective gaze of the others fell upon her in perfect synchrony, their expressions a blend of curiosity and anticipation.
Stella’s voice, soft yet filled with concern, broke the silence.
“What’s wrong?”
“According to Flossie’s character, she’d never conceal anything when she’s in love,” Miley asserted, her words carrying a weight of conviction.
“Could her boyfriend be a big shot or perhaps a popular star?”
A flicker of concern danced in Stella’s eyes.
As she recalled the familiar features that mirrored Benny’s face, a sense of unease crept over her.
“She didn’t even disclose her boyfriend’s name to us.
Even if I were to investigate, I wouldn’t know where to begin.
” Stella’s worry manifested in her voice.
“I hope he’s a good person and can treat her sincerely.
I don’t want her to get hurt.
”
Matthew’s touch on Stella’s head was comforting as he spoke with a blend of wisdom and compassion.
“Flossie has walked her path alone for years; she knows how to discern right from wrong.
And when it comes to her relationships, even as her closest friends, you must tread lightly and respect her autonomy.
Unless she seeks your guidance, you shouldn’t intervene too much.
”
Stella found his perspective to be reasonable and thoughtful.
She nodded in silent agreement.
The quartet sat in the living room, basking in the serene beauty of the snowfall outside.
After a brief moment, Miley and Neville slipped away quietly.
When they reappeared, Miley approached Stella with a warm smile, pushing a cart towards her side.
There sat a conspicuously large box, catching Stella’s attention.
She surmised that it must be the cake thoughtfully prepared by Miley.
“This is a gift from Neville and me to you.
Go ahead, open it, and take a look.
” Miley smiled at her.
Stella carefully untied the ribbon securing the box, curiosity bubbling within her.
As she lifted the lid, her eyes widened in delight at the sight before her-a magnificent two-layer cake adorned with the heartfelt inscription “Love Forever.
” Positioned atop the cake were two miniature dolls, unmistakably resembling her and Matthew, standing side by side in sweet unity.
“What do you think? Do you like it?” Miley couldn’t contain her anticipation as she awaited Stella’s reaction.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Just as Stella was about to offer her praise, her phone suddenly buzzed with a vibration, interrupting the moment.
Expecting a message from Flossie, Stella retrieved her phone from her pocket.
However, upon reading the notification, her expression changed abruptly.
It was a snowstorm warning notice.
Observing the pallor on Stella’s face, Miley couldn’t resist moving closer and inquired, “Is everything alright?”
“There’s a snowstorm warning.
” Stella’s expression turned grave.
“I’m concerned about Flossie.
I need to reach her first.
”
With a sense of urgency, Stella reached for her phone to contact Flossie, but her attempts were met with frustration as the call wouldn’t connect.
“What do we do now? I can’t reach her.
” Stella felt her heart leap, and a shadow of concern clouded her features.
“Stay calm.
I will call Orion.
” Matthew reassured her, swiftly dialing Orion’s number.
###chapter1466
The call connected promptly, and Orion’s voice came through.
“Mr.
Clark, we’re still on the way.
”
Without hesitation, Matthew instructed, “A snowstorm is coming.
Bring Flossie back immediately.
”
With the assurance that Flossie and Orion were safe, Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
Meanwhile, Orion ended the call and relayed the situation to Flossie.
“Mr.
Clark wants us to head back to the resort first.
He’ll arrange your return once the weather conditions improve.
”
Though Flossie was eager to return home, her concern for safety outweighed her urgency.
Beyond the windowpane, darkness had already descended, obscuring her vision.
Flossie quickly agreed, “Okay, let’s head back.
”
Orion maneuvered the car, informing Flossie of Stella’s concern for her well-being.
“Mrs.
Clark tried to reach you earlier but couldn’t get through.
Is your phone off?”
Upon hearing this, Flossie retrieved her phone and inspected it.
“It was accidentally on flight mode.
”
She turned off the flight mode and was about to dial Stella’s number when Benny’s call intercepted hers.
Flossie’s face lit up with a smile, eager to pick up the call.
“Why haven’t you returned yet?” Benny’s voice remained as icy as ever.
Flossie explained, “I was just about to head back, but I received a snowstorm warning.
Stella was concerned about the potential danger of descending the mountain in the storm, so she insisted I return to the resort first.
It’s possible I won’t make it back tonight.
”
Suddenly, the car rolled out of control.
It collided with something, causing it to jolt violently a few times.
Flossie was startled, unable to suppress a cry of alarm.
“Flossie? What’s going on?” Benny asked, his tone tinged with anxiety.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
After the car steadied itself, Flossie raised her phone to her ear, saying, “Benny…”
“Send me your location right away!” Benny demanded urgently.
The impending snowstorm cast an evident shadow over the sky, darkening it by several degrees.
Sensing Benny’s concern, Flossie reassured him, “I’m alright.
I’m heading to meet Stella soon.
Mr.
Clark has arranged for a bodyguard to escort me.
I’ll be safe.
Please, don’t come here.
”
With that, she swiftly ended the call.
Following the phone call, Orion elucidated the cause of the sudden jolt.
In a trembling voice, he confessed, “Miss, I apologize.
I’ve never driven in such extreme weather conditions before.
Sorry for frightening you like that.
”
Flossie shook her head, casting a compassionate glance at Orion.
###chapter1467
Compared to Matthew’s other bodyguards, Orion appeared notably younger, resembling a recent college graduate, with a physique not as robust.
She assured him, “There’s no need to fear.
Just drive cautiously.
We’ll make it back safely, I promise.
”
While appearing to console Orion, her words served more as a means of self-assurance.
Yet, with the wind and snow intensifying, navigating the road ahead became increasingly challenging.
Beads of sweat formed on Orion’s brow as he gritted his teeth, straining to see the path ahead without faltering.
With the car’s destination unknown, a sudden gust of wind startled Orion, prompting him to apply the brakes.
“Miss… We can’t continue like this.
I’ll contact Mr.
Clark and request reinforcements.
” Orion felt a surge of fear.
Gazing out the window, Flossie realized that waiting for rescue would only heighten their peril.
‘s BunnyBookery
With decisiveness, she declared, “Let me drive!”
Orion had never seen such a big snowstorm before.
He was so shocked that he couldn’t help trembling all over.
But when he saw Flossie’s determined look, he had no choice but to obediently move to the passenger seat.
Flossie opened the car door, and a gust of wind blew towards her.
It was so strong that she could hardly open her eyes.
She stumbled and finally reached the driver’s side.
She quickly opened the door and got in.
After she closed the door, the howling of the wind and snow outside disappeared.
Flossie fastened her seatbelt and held the steering wheel tightly with both hands.
She looked ahead.
But her vision was so blurry that she couldn’t see anything.
She took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and prayed in her mind.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Before she started the car, she glanced at the fuel gauge.
She could still drive about a hundred kilometers.
It should be no problem to drive to the resort from here.
She only hoped the car wouldn’t break down halfway.
Otherwise, they would be buried alive by the snowstorm.
Orion also knew that the road ahead was dangerous.
He couldn’t help blaming Flossie.
“It’s snowing heavily today.
If you didn’t insist on leaving, we wouldn’t be like this.
We will die together in this snowstorm.
”
Flossie was already worried.
And she was even more annoyed when she heard Orion’s words.
She turned to him and said coldly, “If you keep talking nonsense, I will throw you out of the car.
”
Orion was intimidated by her and finally shut up.
On the other side, Matthew and Stella were paying close attention to the snowstorm.
Stella paced back and forth in the living room, feeling nervous.
“Haven’t you gotten any news yet?”
###chapter1468
Matthew shook his head.
“I’ll inform Fernando and ask him to send a helicopter.
”
Miley and Neville also had serious expressions on their faces.
Everyone was so worried that no one dared to say a word.
When Matthew called Fernando, it was immediately connected.
But before he could say anything, a static noise was suddenly heard, and the call was disconnected.
He looked at his phone with a frown and murmured, “No signal.
”
Stella, Miley, and Neville also took out their phones to check.
Indeed, there was no signal.
Before they could discuss a solution to this predicament, the lights in the hall flickered.
Then, several of them suddenly went out.
The entire living room became pitch-black at once.
Stella clenched her fists tightly.
“What is going on?”
“Maybe the signal and electricity were disrupted by the snowstorm,”
Matthew said calmly.
Stella became even more worried.
“What should we do now?”
As she spoke, she fumbled her coat from the sofa and put it on.
“I can’t stay here any longer.
I have to go out and look for Flossie.
”
She turned around and was about to leave.
But as soon as she took a step forward, Matthew grabbed her wrist.
He said with a frown, “If you go out now, you will only put yourself in danger instead of saving her.
”
Stella’s eyes turned red.
She was very flustered already.
“Then, what should we do? Flossie is outside, and we don’t know what is happening to her.
I can’t just stand idly by and wait for her.
I asked her to come here.
If anything happens to her, I will never forgive myself for the rest of my life.
”
Stella’s tone was full of self-blame, and Matthew understood her worries.
He offered, “You and Miley stay here.
Neville and I will go out to look for her.
”
After Flossie hung up the phone, Benny’s expression grew somber.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
He simmered with a tinge of frustration, feeling that she had trivialized his concern for her into a joke.
Just as he was about to disregard Flossie, his attention was drawn to a weather advisory announcing an imminent snowstorm around Seamarsh.
Instantly, Benny’s irritation dissipated, replaced by a furrowed brow of concern.
Scanning the notice meticulously, he couldn’t suppress a string of expletives.
Hastily donning his coat, he was ready to go and search for Flossie.
Before stepping out, he paused, slipping on a mask to conceal his identity in case he crossed paths with Matthew.
This wasn’t the moment to reveal his identity.
Concealing his features, Benny stepped out into the cold.
###chapter1469
Just then, his mobile phone chimed.
Assuming it to be a safety call from Flossie, Benny paused and retrieved his phone.
Upon noticing an unfamiliar number displayed on the screen, a sense of unease washed over Benny.
He pressed the answer button and greeted in a dry tone, “Hello?”
“Benny Clifford.
” Edmund called out his name sharply.
“Come meet me now.
”
Surprised that it was Edmund on the other end of the line, Benny felt relieved yet was caught in a dilemma.
The desire to meet Edmund burned within him, recognizing the rarity of such an opportunity.
He knew that if he let it slip away, it might never present itself again.
However, uncertainty loomed over Flossie’s situation, leaving Benny worried for her well-being.
“I’m sorry, Mr.
Hanson.
Something urgent has come up.
Can we reschedule?” Benny’s voice held a note of apology.
Edmund’s laughter seemed to taunt Benny as if mocking him for overestimating his importance.
“I’m giving you an opportunity, solely for Flossie’s sake.
If you don’t show up today, don’t bother coming to see me ever again.
”
“I apologize.
I understand it’s a rare chance, but I’m truly sorry.
There’s something more pressing that requires my attention right now,”
Benny responded, his grip on the phone tightening.
Edmund’s voice turned cold as he demanded, “Give me a reason.
”
Benny chose not to conceal the truth from Edmund.
“Flossie is stranded on the road.
The snowstorm is imminent.
I need to go there and find her.
”
The moment he finished speaking, the line went dead.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Benny felt a twinge of unease, but he pushed it aside, deciding not to dwell on it.
He pocketed his phone and drove off.
As he approached the resort, the conditions worsened, making it increasingly challenging to navigate the road.
Eventually, Benny had no option but to abandon the car.
He contacted the police for assistance and then headed into the snowy terrain alone.
Flossie’s car was stranded in the snow.
Despite numerous attempts, the car remained immobile, unresponsive to her efforts to start it.
Adding to her plight, even the heating system malfunctioned, causing the temperature inside the car to drop.
“It’s hopeless! We’re doomed!” Orion exclaimed, unable to contain his panic.
“I can’t just sit here waiting for death!”
He was on the verge of opening the door to exit the car.
Flossie, however, remained composed, locking the car and cautioning him, “If you step out now and the snowstorm hits, we won’t stand a chance of getting help.
”
###chapter1470
What should we do then?” Orion found himself at a loss, his heart gripped by fear.
Glancing at him, Flossie remarked, “Are you really Matthew’s bodyguard? You seem far too timid.
”
“It’s irrelevant who I am! We’re on the brink of death!” Orion’s words trembled as tears streamed down his face.
“I’m still so young.
I don’t want to die.
My girlfriend is waiting for me at home for dinner.
”
Moved by his distress, Flossie didn’t want to add to his anguish.
With a composed demeanor, she reasoned, “For now, we’re staying in the car.
Our immediate priority is to retain our warmth.
Moreover, considering how long it’s been still on the road, Stella must have detected something is amiss.
Without a doubt, they will mobilize a rescue team to find us.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Her comforting words gradually eased Orion’s sobs.
A quiet stillness settled between them as they sat side by side in the car, lost in their own thoughts.
Inside the car, the chill continued to seep in, prompting Flossie to rub her arms for warmth.
Outside, the snowfall intensified, casting a veil of despair and fear over them both.
Flossie fixed her gaze ahead, silently offering up her prayers within the depths of her heart.
With the uncertainty of her pregnancy lingering and a multitude of unspoken truths between her and Benny, the thought of perishing was unbearable for her.
As time marched on, Flossie shivered uncontrollably, her lips taking on a shade of purple.
The friction of her arms no longer generated warmth.
Orion slumped in his seat, on the brink of unconsciousness.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Flossie intended to rouse him, yet found herself too weak to even lift a hand.
In a bid for alertness, she took a deep breath and pinched her thigh with all the force she could muster.
“Hey… Orion, stay awake.
Don’t fall asleep…” Her voice was frail, yet she persisted in nudging Orion.
Orion’s lips quivered as his eyes fluttered open.
“Are we not going to make it? My girlfriend is expecting me for dinner…”
Flossie’s heart ached, but words of comfort eluded her.
Her thoughts drifted to Benny, longing to see him once more, to share the news of her possible pregnancy.
In the throes of despair, a distant sound of a helicopter stirred in Flossie’s ears.
Believing it to be a figment of her imagination, she listened intently once more.
Realization dawned upon her that it was indeed the sound of salvation, reigniting hope within her.
“Orion! Wake up! Help is on its way!”
With great effort, she propped herself up against the seat, attempting to open the door.
###chapter1471
However, the cold rendered her hands uncooperative, and the door remained shut despite her attempts.
Orion, in a worse state, lay silent, unable to voice his plight.
Flossie’s desperation grew, yet her strength dwindled.
Suddenly, a knock on the window pierced the silence.
“Anyone inside?”
Flossie responded hastily.
Moments later, the door swung open, revealing the vast, snowy expanse beyond.
Visibility was poor, nothing discernible in the blinding white.
As Flossie squinted against the brightness, she felt the click of her seatbelt being released, followed by the warmth of a strong embrace.
Though the man’s scent was familiar, Flossie was certain he was not Benny.
Straining her eyes, Flossie attempted to discern the man’s features.
As her gaze climbed, it settled on his face-it was Edmund.
Shock had no place in that moment.
Grasping Edmund’s hand, she urged, “Someone else is still in the car.
Please, help him…”
With those words, darkness claimed her.
Edmund’s expression turned grave.
He swiftly directed others to assist Orion and lifted Flossie into the helicopter himself.
Once inside, he placed her on a bed, tucking her in with a quilt.
Crouching beside the bed, he gently rearranged her hair and watched over her in silence.
‘s BunnyBookery
Holding her chilled hand, Edmund said tenderly, “Baby, finding you took too long.
Please be alright.
When you awaken, I’ll grant any wish you have.
”
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Meanwhile, the rescue team went to the resort.
One of them told Matthew, “Your friend has been safely transported to the hospital.
”
This news allowed Stella to exhale in relief.
Earlier, Matthew had attempted to search for Flossie, but the snow impeded their progress, forcing them back to the villa.
Learning of Flossie’s safety brought a wave of relief over Stella and the others.
Organized by the rescue team, they boarded the helicopters in turn.
The mood onboard was tense.
Stella sat in silence, her hands clenched together.
Unable to bear the somber atmosphere, Miley intervened, clapping her hands.
“Thankfully, we’re all safe.
Surviving such an ordeal surely means good fortune awaits.
Let’s embrace life positively from here on out.
No more gloom.
”
Stella offered a weak smile in response.
Turning to the rescue team, she inquired, “Who alerted you?”
###chapter1472
“We responded immediately after receiving a call from a man.
It seems he’s an acquaintance of yours.
”
Stella’s thoughts went to Flossie’s boyfriend as the Likely informant.
She requested, “Could you take us to my friend’s hospital? I need to see her, to ensure she’s alright.
”
Flossie was admitted to the hospital, and following her time in the emergency room, she was transferred to the VIP ward.
Edmund remained at her bedside, his concern for her barely concealed as he watched over Flossie, who lay motionless.
Memories of the moments before Flossie lost consciousness haunted him.
He watched her intently, worried she might feel lost upon waking.
The doctor entered with a medical report in hand.
“The patient is pregnant…”
Edmund cut him off.
“What did you just say?”
Rising abruptly, he fixed the doctor with an intense, demanding gaze.
“The patient is pregnant,” the doctor repeated, a bit more cautiously.
“However, there are early signs of miscarriage, compounded by her exposure to cold.
She needs complete rest and should primarily stay in bed, avoiding any unnecessary movement.
”
Edmund was silent, the news rendering him momentarily immobile.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
“If there are no further questions, I’ll take my leave,” the doctor concluded.
Regaining his composure, Edmund murmured, “Understood.
”
Once the doctor had departed, Edmund lingered in silent contemplation, gazing at Flossie with a mix of emotions swirling within him, feeling as though his heart was clenched tight.
Eventually, he stepped outside to the smoking area for a cigarette.
No sooner had Edmund left than Benny rushed into the room.
Spotting Flossie unconscious in the bed, he moved to approach her, determined to prevent another heartache similar to past losses in his life.
Yet, before he could reach her side, someone grabbed his shoulder from behind, pulling him back and out of the ward.
Caught off guard and before he could identify his assailant, Benny was punched in the face.
He staggered, catching himself against the wall before managing to steady his stance.
Looking up, his frown deepened at the sight of Edmund’s stern expression.
“Why did you hit me?”
Edmund’s gaze was icy as he scrutinized Benny’s disheveled appearance.
“Because you’ve earned it.
You let Flossie endure the cold and snow.
###chapter1473
What purpose does your presence serve now?”
He then signaled to his bodyguard.
The bodyguard forced Benny towards the window.
Despite his efforts, Benny found himself immobilized.
“Stay away from Flossie,” Edmund commanded coldly from behind.
Benny attempted to resist, but the bodyguard’s grip tightened with every struggle.
Benny’s unease grew, suspecting Edmund’s kindness towards Flossie hid ulterior motives.
‘s BunnyBookery
There had to be something more Edmund wanted from Flossie.
“How dare you dictate terms? I’m Flossie’s boyfriend.
If it’s over, she should be the one to tell me,” Benny retorted through clenched teeth.
Edmund’s expression darkened further, his fists clenched, barely restraining his anger.
“Boyfriend?” A scornful smile flickered across Edmund’s face.
“Flossie is my daughter.
That gives me every right to cut you off from her.
”
Benny’s shock was evident, disbelief etching his features.
As he searched for words, his attention was drawn to a familiar car outside the window.
Turning, he saw Matthew and Stella alighting from the vehicle.
With determination in his eyes, Benny addressed Edmund, “I regret today’s events.
But having chosen Flossie, I commit to her well-being and vow never to cause her harm again.
”
Edmund remained unimpressed by the pledge.
Benny persisted, “As her boyfriend, I’ll protect her from harm.
The real threat is whoever lured her to the resort, risking her life in the snow.
They harbor ill intent.
”
This seemed to give Edmund pause, his expression softening as he mulled over Benny’s words.
“I intend to confront those responsible.
Flossie shouldn’t suffer because of them.
We can discuss this later if you wish,” Benny hurried to add.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Noticing Matthew and Stella’s imminent arrival, Benny realized time was short.
“They’re here.
Please instruct your bodyguards to release me, allowing me to avoid them for now.
”
Edmund’s face softened a bit.
He glanced at Benny, mulling over his words.
Eventually, he nodded, signaling to the bodyguard to release him.
“Head over to the next room first,” he instructed.
Benny, grateful, left without another word.
After a bit, Stella and Matthew stumbled upon Flossie’s room.
Opening the door, they were met with a middle-aged man clad in black, reminiscent of someone from the underworld.
###chapter1474
Stella felt a wave of unease.
Her eyes darted around the room, noting that only Flossie and this imposing figure were present.
The sight of a man and a woman alone together led her to a quick assumption.
Could this be Flossie’s boyfriend?
This speculation reminded her of a figure she’d glimpsed once, though it was a hazy memory.
She felt certain, though, that the man before her carried himself with a maturity that was unmistakable.
Her guard went up.
“Who are you?” she demanded.
As Edmund surveyed Stella, their gazes locked.
Before he could respond, Flossie’s cough grabbed their attention.
Flossie’s eyes fluttered open, landing on Edmund first, then Stella, her expression a mix of surprise and recognition.
“You’re awake,” Stella exclaimed, a smile breaking across her face.
“How are you feeling? Let’s get a doctor to check on you.
”
Just as she reached for the call bell, Flossie caught her hand.
“I’m actually feeling quite alright now,” she whispered, assuring her she felt much better.
In the midst of their conversation, a glass of water seemingly appeared out of nowhere, courtesy of Edmund.
Taken aback for a moment, Flossie accepted it with a soft, “Thank you.
”
Stella then turned her attention to Edmund, curiosity getting the better of her.
“Flossie, who’s this?” she inquired.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
With a glance towards Edmund, Flossie responded quietly, “A friend.
He was the one who brought me to the hospital today.
”
Sensing Flossie’s reluctance to elaborate, Stella decided not to pry further.
She acknowledged Edmund with a nod.
“I appreciate what you did for Flossie.
”
There was no expression on Edmund’s face, nor did he respond.
Concluding him to be rather reserved, Stella shifted her focus back to Flossie.
Observing her weariness, Flossie suggested, “You should head back.
It’s getting late, and you need your rest.
”
“I’m staying right here with you tonight,” Stella insisted, guilt creeping into her voice.
“I shouldn’t have let you be by yourself.
###chapter1475
Thankfully, you’re alright.
”
“Today was just an unfortunate incident.
Don’t dwell on it.
” Flossie managed a smile.
“Besides, if you’re here, your husband won’t leave, and I really need to get some rest without feeling pressured.
”
Matthew chimed in, hoping to persuade Stella, “We should come back tomorrow.
Staying here might just make Flossie uncomfortable.
”
Realizing the truth in his words, Stella agreed reluctantly.
She left, but not before reminding Flossie to take care of herself.
With Stella gone, Flossie turned to Edmund.
“Mr.
Hanson, it’s quite late.
You should head home too.
”
Edmund remained still, his voice low.
“You’re expecting.
”
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Flossie hesitated, her gaze dropping before she gently touched her abdomen, her eyes brimming with tears.
“Is it really true?”
The reality of her situation hadn’t fully hit her until now.
The initial burst of happiness was quickly overshadowed by thoughts of Benny.
“Mr.
Hanson, could you please keep this a secret for now?”
Edmund’s brow furrowed, concern apparent on his face.
“Why? Does your boyfriend not want the baby?”
“No, it’s not that,” Flossie hurried to explain.
“I want to tell him myself.
I think it’ll be a wonderful surprise.
”
Her words were still hanging in the air when the door swung open.
Benny’s unexpected appearance sent a wave of panic through her.
“Benny? What brings you here?”
She couldn’t help but wonder if he had overheard their conversation.
Flossie’s eyes searched Benny’s for any sign of what he might have heard.
Approaching her, Benny apologized with a heavy heart.
“I’m sorry for all the pain you’ve endured.
”
Flossie took a moment, relief washing over her when she realized Benny hadn’t mentioned their earlier conversation.
“Just having you here means the world to me,” she replied with a genuine smile.
Benny then turned to Edmund, expressing his gratitude.
“Thank you for everything, Mr.
Hanson.
”
Prompted by his words, Flossie recalled seeing Edmund before everything went black.
Curiosity piqued, she asked, “Mr.
Hanson, why have you been so kind to me?”
Edmund looked at her, torn.
Part of him yearned to reveal the truth, but fear held him back.
It had been years since he last saw Flossie.
The fear of rejection if she knew the truth was overwhelming.
###chapter1476
Choosing his words carefully, he finally said, “I believe some encounters are fated.
” His tone was gentle, masking the turmoil within.
Flossie’s lips curved into a smile.
“I agree.
I’ve been quite the inconvenience today.
Once I’m out of the hospital, I’ll treat you to a meal.
It’s getting late, Mr.
Hanson.
You should head to bed early.
I won’t be able to see you out, but my boyfriend will.
”
The emphasis on “boyfriend” was deliberate, a gentle reminder for Edmund to maintain his boundaries.
Edmund felt an urge to stay and care for her, yet he understood his presence might make Flossie uneasy.
Without further ado, he simply said, “Rest well.
I’ll visit tomorrow.
”
He casted a brief glance at Benny before exiting.
Benny trailed behind, sensing Edmund wished to speak privately.
Edmund paused at the elevator and faced Benny with a detached expression.
“Ensure she’s well taken care of.
Your opportunity to negotiate comes only after her recovery.
Fail, and I’ll hold you accountable.
”
Benny nodded, curious about Edmund’s certainty of Flossie being his daughter but realizing any questions would go unanswered.
Edmund’s lingering gaze on Benny persisted until he boarded the elevator.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Benny remained outside the elevator momentarily, then returned to the ward as the display indicated Edmund’s departure.
Edmund settled into his car, his driver inquiring, “Sir, shall we head home?”
Edmund’s gaze fixed on Flossie’s ward above, his hands involuntarily clenched.
He silently vowed to rectify Flossie’s past neglect and ensure her happiness.
“Sir?” The driver’s voice interrupted his thoughts.
“Not yet,” Edmund responded softly.
Back in the ward, Flossie, seated on the bed and caressing her abdomen, felt a surge of joy.
However, the thought of Benny brought her joy a touch of worry.
She pondered whether he’d accept the child.
Considering the potential stability of their relationship, she mulled over sharing her news with Benny, hoping for his acceptance once things felt more secure.
Flossie wrestled with her decision for quite some time.
As the door creaked open, she mustered a smile to greet Benny.
Closing the distance, Flossie wrapped her arms around his waist and nestled against his chest, murmuring an apology for the worry she had caused.
Benny frowned slightly, puzzled by her apology.
He reassured her, “You don’t need to apologize for that.
”
###chapter1477
Flossie released him, nodding in agreement.
“I won’t bring it up again.
”
After handing her a glass of water, Benny settled into a chair beside the bed.
In the silence that filled the ward, Flossie sought to lighten the mood.
After a sip of water, she shared, “I saw Stella in a wedding dress today.
She looked stunning.
I dream of wearing a beautiful wedding dress myself one day.
”
Her glance at Benny was tentative.
Benny remained quiet.
He understood the implication of her words yet chose not to respond.
Commitment was a promise he wasn’t ready to make.
Being in a romantic relationship with Flossie didn’t align with his plans; he didn’t want things to go further down the wrong path.
Flossie’s hope waned at his silence, prompting her to hold back her pregnancy for now.
“Try to get some sleep,” suggested Benny, steering the conversation elsewhere.
Complying, Flossie settled down, and Benny carefully covered her, whispering, “Rest now.
I’ll stay right here tonight.
”
As she closed her eyes, Benny felt a stir within him.
He leaned down to ki*s her forehead gently.
In that instant, Flossie’s grip on his hand tightened.
Caught off guard, Benny looked down at their joined hands.
With her eyes still shut, Flossie wished softly, “If only it could always be like this.
”
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
On the way home, Stella was still shocked and couldn’t help blaming herself.
“I should have checked the weather forecast in advance.
I almost made a big mistake.
”
Matthew held her hand, gently squeezed it, and said comfortingly, “It’s not your fault, so don’t blame yourself.
We have no control over natural calamities.
None of us can even predict it.
”
Stella knew his words made sense.
But every time she thought of this terrifying day, her heart still pounded.
She took a deep breath to calm herself down.
Then, she suddenly thought of the man in Flossie’s ward.
“Flossie and I have been friends for a long time, but I didn’t know she had such an old friend.
I have no idea what that man does.
But judging from the way he dressed, he must be rich and powerful…”
Stella paused and frowned.
She knew there were people in every industry who relied on big shots‘support.
But she didn’t believe Flossie would take this shortcut.
Besides, Flossie already had a boyfriend.
Stella turned and looked at Matthew.
“You know a lot of people in Seamarsh.
Do you remember seeing this man?”
Matthew Looked calm, but he frowned.
“He looks familiar.
I’ve met him once or twice in banquets before, but we never exchanged words.
Stella’s frown deepened even more.
She fell into deep thought.
###chapter1478
Matthew saw that she looked worried again.
He could only smile helplessly.
He reached out and stroked her hair.
“Hey, don’t worry too much.
Maybe he’s Flossie’s friend.
”
Stella nodded thoughtfully.
After thinking for a while, she decided not to tell Matthew that the man she saw that day resembled Benny.
After all, she wasn’t sure of it.
And she also didn’t want to suspect Flossie.
Soon, Stella and Matthew arrived at Prosper Bay and got out of the car together.
Matthew breathed a sigh of relief and hugged Stella tightly.
“Finally, we have time to ourselves.
”
Stella raised her head, intending to scold him.
But before she could say anything, he sealed her lips with his.
She put her hands on his shoulders and pushed him.
Then, she whispered, “There’s a surveillance camera here.
”
“So what? We are a legal couple.
There’s nothing wrong with it.
” As Matthew spoke in a hoarse voice, he rubbed his thin lips against hers.
Then, he ki*sed her even deeper.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
Matthew’s ki*ses made Stella feel weak all over.
She subconsciously clung to his arms.
While she was still in a trance, Matthew wrapped his arm around her waist and went straight into the house.
At this moment, Stella finally came back to her senses.
Her face flushed at once.
She pulled Matthew’s shirt and said shyly and angrily, “You jerk.
”
Matthew put on an innocent look.
He lowered his head and asked, “What did you just say?”
Stella looked away, not wanting to talk to him anymore.
Matthew approached her again, bit her ear, and licked her delicate earlobe.
He called her name in a hoarse voice.
Stella wrapped her arms around his neck.
She felt a little annoyed because she was always at a disadvantage.
So, she raised her head and lightly bit Matthew’s earlobe without hesitation.
Matthew’s eyes darkened.
But he chuckled and said, “You’re done.
”
His voice was hoarse, and his eyes were burning.
This look was very familiar to Stella.
She swallowed her saliva nervously.
“I have some designs to draw tonight.
Put me down.
”
Matthew didn’t say anything.
He just picked her up and carried her into the bedroom.
He wrapped his arms around her waist and hugged her tighter.
Then, he lowered his head and ki*sed her, hooking his tongue with hers.
“This is the real jerk.
”
###chapter1479
Stella was breathless when Matthew finally let go of her lips.
She said in a trembling voice, “I know I was wrong.
Go to take a shower first.
I’ll come back later.
Okay, honey?”
Upon hearing her beg in a soft voice, Matthew didn’t make things difficult for her anymore.
He ki*sed her two more times before letting her go.
“Okay, come back later.
”
Stella waited for Matthew to enter the bathroom.
When she heard the sound of the water from the shower, she slowly stood up and straightened her clothes.
At this moment, her phone suddenly rang.
It was a notification that she had a new email.
She picked up her phone and checked.
It was from Bella.
Stella’s eyes sparkled with excitement as she swiftly clicked open the email.
  Books Chapters Are Daily Updated Join & Stay Updated For All Books Updates…
The message unfolded in a typical format.
Stella skimmed past the formalities, focusing on the core message.
“I’m seeking a student to embark on a long-term journey with me.
If you’re interested, you’re welcome to participate in this selection.
”
Stella blinked, re-reading the words several times to ensure it was indeed an invitation from Bella.
She had initially dismissed Bella’s previous message as mere small talk, never expecting that Bella would actually remember and offer her such an opportunity.
Without hesitation, Stella drafted her response.
“Count me in for the selection.
”
Even after hitting send, she remained in exhilaration and disbelief.
She placed her hand over her racing heart, taking a moment to regain composure.
Matthew emerged from the bathroom, catching sight of Stella lost in thought on the edge of the bed.
Approaching her, he inquired softly, “Is everything alright?”
Meeting his gaze, Stella observed Matthew wrapped in a bath towel.
His damp hair tousled across his forehead, lending him a softer, more approachable aura than his usual demeanor.
Caught in his intense stare, Stella felt a blush creep across her cheeks, prompting her to avert her eyes.
“Nothing.
”
Noticing her blush, Matthew grinned warmly.
He casually approached the wardrobe, retrieving his pajamas and changing with an air of nonchalance as if the room were empty.
Stella’s cheeks flushed deeper as she closed her eyes, feeling her heartbeat quicken.
Finishing changing, Matthew approached the bedside, aware of Stella’s shyness but unable to resist teasing her.
He lightly pinched her cheek.
“After all this time living together, why are you still so shy?”
Startled, Stella opened her eyes and swatted his hand away, her face growing redder.
Leaning in close, Matthew whispered in her ear, “Your turn.
”
Startled by his suggestion, Stella sought a quick escape, pushing him away.
“I’m going to take a shower.
”
However, as soon as she attempted to stand up, Matthew held her once more, preventing her from leaving his side.
“I can manage on my own.
”
###chapter1480
“Let me assist you with the shower.
” Without waiting for her to protest, Matthew carried her straight into the bathroom.
Once placed in the bathtub filled with warm water, Stella immediately reached for the edge, asserting, “Please, get out.
I can manage on my own.
”
Lowering his head, Matthew took care to clean her body.
His large hand moved with gentle strokes over her skin, gradually coaxing her into a state of relaxation.
The bathroom was suffused with swirling steam, enveloping everything in a dense mist.
Stella’s eyelashes flickered as she drifted in a haze, feeling hands exploring her body, their touch increasingly intimate.
Startled, she snapped her eyes open to meet Matthew’s gaze.
A thin veil of mist separated their eyes, yet the emotions swirling within were all too familiar to Stella.
Matthew’s gaze bore into hers as he leaned closer, his lips finding hers in a biting ki*s.
Stella’s head tilted slightly, her grasp on his pajamas loosening as she yielded to his passionate advances.
With a firm hold on her waist, Matthew drew nearer, his frame pressing against hers as he savored her tender lips.
At the edge of the bathtub, water cascaded like a waterfall.
The overwhelming pleasure reached its peak, causing Stella’s belly to convulse several times, a sensation akin to impending demise.
Her neck arched upward, the back of her head finding support against the wall behind her.
Gasping for air, tears streamed down her face, her eyes devoid of focus, as though her very soul had departed.
It was midnight when Matthew was finally satisfied.
Drained of strength, Stella melted into Matthew’s embrace like water, her eyes shutting, eyelashes quivering with each breath.
She lacked the energy to move.
After a brief rest, she recalled her earlier intention to inform Matthew.
“Bella emailed me, inviting me to take her student selection test.
I accepted.
”
After a pause, Matthew nodded thoughtfully, then asked, “Would you like to invite Bella to our wedding?”
Stella was already very sleepy.
But Matthew’s words immediately sobered her up.
There was no trace of sleepiness
in her anymore.
She asked, “Is it okay?”
Matthew’s lips curved into a gentle smile.
“Of course.
I know you have always wanted to spend more time with Bella.
This is your chance.
Invite her to our wedding.
”
Stella thought for a while.
Then, she shook her head, looking dispirited.
“But I had a fight with Elizabeth last time.
Bella loves her so much.
I don’t think Bella would want to attend my wedding.
So, forget it.
”
She sighed slightly.
Matthew pursed his lips.
He suggested, “Just give it a try.
Bella has sent you an invitation email, which only means she knows what is right and wrong.
It’s okay if she rejects you.
At least you give it a try.
”
Stella took a deep breath.
Her innate stubbornness was faintly reignited by Matthew’s encouragement.
She stood up and turned on the computer.
After thinking for a while, she began typing on the keyboard.
She wrote a long email inviting Bella to her wedding.
She also attached a wedding photo she and Matthew had taken in the studio.
But before clicking the send button, she called Matthew over and asked him to check it for her.
After he confirmed to her it was okay, she immediately sent it.
At this moment, Bella was still in her office in Dorburn.
She had just finished her work.
After shutting down her computer, she leaned against her chair, pinched her glabella, and glanced at the calendar.
She thought of Kristian, who had been out for several days.
###chapter1481
Bella’s brows furrowed slightly.
She thought for a few seconds and finally decided to call Kristian.
The phone rang for a long time before it was finally answered.
“When are you coming back?” Bella asked.
Normally, she was the one who stayed out for a long time.
Kristian rarely left the house.
“I’m still on a business trip.
The client is a bit slow, so I’m afraid I’ll have to stay here for a few more days.
”
When Bella heard this, her head ached even more.
“Okay.
Take care of yourself and come back as soon as you finish your work there,” Bella said before hanging up.
She put her phone away, held her forehead, and rubbed her temples, trying to relieve the pain that invaded her nerves.
At this moment, there was a knock on the door.
Bella said, “Come in.
” Then, the door was slowly pushed open from the outside.
She put down her hand and saw Elizabeth come in.
She asked, “What’s the matter?”
Elizabeth was not in a hurry to tell Bella why she was there.
When she noticed Bella’s pale face, she said considerately, “Mom, are you having a headache again? Let me give you a massage.
”
She then walked behind Bella without waiting for Bella’s reply.
She put her hands on Bella’s temples and massaged her.
While her hands kneaded Bella’s forehead, she lowered her eyes and observed Bella’s expression, finding the right time to speak.
But Bella seemed to have seen through Elizabeth’s mind.
She asked, “Do you have anything to say to me?”
This time, her tone was much softer than before, so Elizabeth seized the opportunity and threw herself into her arms.
“Mom, since I’ve been staying home these days, I was able to think things over.
What happened last time was my fault.
I realized I shouldn’t have done so many bad things for a man.
So, I want to apologize to you.
Can you forgive me this time?”
Elizabeth hugged Bella’s waist tightly and snuggled in Bella’s arms coquettishly.
“It was my first time falling for a man, and I was momentarily mesmerized.
So, I did so many things that I regretted.
But I promise I won’t do it again.
”
Actually, Bella had already calmed down.
But for the sake of her dignity and because she also wanted to teach Elizabeth a lesson, she didn’t immediately come to Elizabeth.
This time, she patted the back of Elizabeth’s hand and said, “I know.
You have also suffered a bit during this time.
From now on, just stay by my side.
I will help you find a man more suitable for you.
”
Elizabeth was unwilling to give up.
But she had finally repaired her relationship with Bella.
She knew this was not the right time to go against Bella.
So, she nodded obediently.
“So, Mom, won’t you lock me up here anymore? I already miss my friends.
It’s been a while since I last saw them.
I want to hang out with them again Bella nodded and said with a smile.
“As long as you don’t cause any trouble, you are free to go out.
”
At this moment, an email popped up.
###chapter1482
When Elizabeth turned and sneaked a peek at Bella’s phone, she saw the email was from Stella.
Her eyes narrowed slightly.
She let go of Bella and stood up.
Bella opened the email and read it carefully.
At this time, Elizabeth saw the wedding photo at the bottom of the email.
Her eyes narrowed.
Jealousy and anger surged in her heart again.
But she did her best to remain calm.
She pretended to be relaxed and said, “Stella and Matthew are getting married? You’re invited to their wedding.
Can you take me with you?”
Elizabeth’s tone remained unchanged.
But Bella’s mouth tensed, and a small frown creased her forehead.
Memories of Elizabeth’s past actions lingered, leaving her hesitant.
She worried that Elizabeth’s return to Seamarsh might reignite her feelings for Matthew, leading to unnecessary complications.
Elizabeth understood Bella’s hesitation instantly.
As Bella’s eyes blinked and tears welled up, she pleaded, “Mom, I truly realize my mistake.
Can’t you trust me? ALL I ask is to witness the man I once adored getting married.
Can’t you grant me this simple wish?”
Bella stayed silent, her troubled expression speaking volumes.
“Mom…” Elizabeth repeated, trying to reassure her.
“I’ve moved on from Matthew.
And I owe Stella an apology.
You wouldn’t want your daughter to avoid facing her mistakes, would you?”
Bella softened at Elizabeth’s heartfelt words.
“Alright.
I’ll take you with me.
”
“Thank you, Mom.
” Elizabeth’s face lit up as she hugged Bella gratefully.
Bella smiled gently but added a reminder.
“Just promise me you’ll be good this time and won’t cause any more trouble, okay?”
“I promise!” Elizabeth agreed earnestly.
“I’ll head out now.
Get some rest.
”
With that, she turned away, her smile fading, replaced by a steely determination reflected in her eyes.
After shutting the door, Elizabeth leaned back against it, her face clouding over with worry.
Last time in Seamarsh, she couldn’t handle Stella, but now, she was determined to crush her into the dirt and make everyone hate her.
After Elizabeth left, Bella didn’t just go straight back to sleep.
She took another peek at the wedding picture Stella had sent and studied it closely.
She closed the email before to keep Elizabeth from getting upset.
In the picture, Stella wore a joyful smile.
Her wedding dress, while plain, complemented her figure beautifully.
Elizabeth said Stella wasn’t a good person.
But Bella felt a strange sense of connection and fondness for Stella since their first accidental encounter, as if they had known each other for ages.
Bella gazed at the photo, struggling to remember, but her headache intensified.
A blurry image flashed in her mind as if someone was calling her.
###chapter1483
Who could it be?
Bella grasped at the memory, but the more she delved, the worse her headache became.
She shook her head, stopping the memories, and refocused on the email displayed on her computer screen.
She responded sincerely to Stella’s message.
“I’m glad you’ve found happiness.
If I can, I’ll surely join you.
”
The following day, Elizabeth’s request to be freed from her confinement was granted, and she swiftly arranged to meet her friend, Tanya.
Tanya awaited her at the bar, waving eagerly as Elizabeth approached.
Seated, Elizabeth was greeted with Tanya’s gentle reproach.
“You’ve been distant.
Have you forgotten about me?”
After a sip of wine, Elizabeth felt a sense of freedom wash over her.
“My mom grounded me,” she shared with Tanya, her voice tinged with seriousness.
Tanya was shocked by this news and blurted out, “Oh my goodness!
What happened?
Elizabeth recounted her time in Seamarsh, exaggerating her complaints and blaming Stella.
After hearing the story, Tanya said angrily, “Stella is such a bitch!
Shame on her!”
Elizabeth stayed silent, her face looked serious.
“You’re back in Dorburn now, so don’t dwell on those sad thoughts,”
Tanya said with a bright smile.
“I’ll introduce you to some cool guys to cheer you up.
”
“No need,” Elizabeth replied disdainfully.
“None of them here can match Matthew.
”
Curious, Tanya asked, “What’s so special about Matthew that has you captivated? Do you have a picture of him?”
Elizabeth shot her a warning look and said, “Don’t even try.
He’s mine.
”
“I probably wouldn’t fancy your taste anyway,” Tanya teased.
“But considering what you’ve been through in Seamarsh, do you have any ideas on what to do next?”
Elizabeth smirked, swirling her drink.
“Don’t worry, I’ve got it covered.
Someone lent me a hand over in Seamarsh.
”
In Seamarsh, Stella heard the doorbell and swung the door open.
There stood Haley, lugging two hefty bags.
Surprised, Stella blurted out, “What brings you here?”
###chapter1484
Haley plopped the bags down, grabbed Stella’s hands, and eyed her from head to toe.
“Are you alright? You mentioned the snowstorm last night and I couldn’t sleep a wink worrying about you.
I tried coming over then, but the snowfall was nuts.
There were no taxis so I had to wait till now.
”
Stella felt touched.
She’d mentioned the snowstorm yesterday, assuring Haley everything was cool and she didn’t expect her here today.
“I’m really okay,” Stella reassured her.
“It’s freezing out.
Get in here.
”
After saying that, she scooped up the bags.
“What’s in these?”
Haley tried grabbing one bag but Stella stopped her.
“It’s just some groceries,” Haley explained with a grin.
“I’m whipping up a meal for you.
”
After ditching her shoes, Haley scanned the place.
There was no sign of Matthew.
“Where’s Matthew? Is he not home?” Haley whispered.
Stella placed the groceries in the kitchen.
“He’s out for the day.
It’s just us here.
”
Haley relaxed.
Rolling up her sleeves, she headed to the kitchen.
“Remembering our dinner chat, I’m cooking up your childhood favorites.
”
“No, we should eat out,” Stella protested.
Haley insisted, “The roads are a mess from yesterday’s snow.
It’s safer indoors.
You’ve missed my cooking.
Let me treat you.
”
Stella had to go along with what she said.
She couldn’t wait to dig into her mother’s cooking.
Haley got busy in the kitchen, with Stella lending a hand.
An hour later, the table was decked out with mouthwatering dishes.
As Stella set the table, she noticed Haley lingering, not taking her seat.
Haley seemed Like she had something on her mind but was holding back.
Stella sensed it and asked, “What’s up? Is something bothering you?”
Haley nodded.
“Yeah, I need to talk to you about something.
”
“Sit down first.
We’ll chat after,” Stella urged, guiding her to a chair.
Haley fidgeted, then said slowly, “I’ve been crashing at the hotel since I got here.
But it doesn’t feel right, like I’m not fitting in.
###chapter1485
I know you and Matthew are cool with covering the bill, but it’s not sitting well with me.
”
Stella got it right away.
After a moment, she responded, “You’re spot on.
My bad, I should’ve thought about that.
”
“I’m not trying to put blame on you.
” Haley waved it off.
“You’re my mom.
Now that you’re here in Seamarsh, I should sort this out.
I’ve just been swamped lately,” Stella explained.
“Let me help you rent an apartment first.
”
Haley’s expression changed.
She wasn’t entirely sold on the idea.
Originally, she figured Stella could buy her a house near Prosper Bay.
That way, if her true identity was revealed, she’d still have a house.
But if it was just a rental…
Haley shot Stella a look.
She was all mixed up inside.
“Stella, for the past decade, I’ve been without a real home and I can’t stand it.
I’m always crashing in rented pads, getting kicked out by landlords.
It’s been rough.
”
Haley sugarcoated it, but Stella caught her drift.
“No sweat.
I won’t let history repeat itself.
We’ll find a rental first.
If it fits the bill, I’ll buy it for you.
” Stella laid out the plan.
Haley beamed with excitement, but then fretted.
“Will it put a dent in your wallet? It won’t be cheap.
”
“Don’t worry about it.
” Stella waved it off with a grin.
Haley fished something out of her bag.
“I ran into this realtor guy and he was super hyped.
He gave me pamphlets on houses he’s peddling.
“Handy.
Let’s take a peek.
” Stella reached for the pamphlets when Matthew’s voice c
ut in from outside the dining room.
“Don’t bother.
”
At the sight of Matthew, Haley tensed, her hand freezing in midair.
Last time she’d faced Matthew, he had warned her and it still stuck with her.
Haley knew even with the DNA test, Matthew still had doubts.
Spotting Matthew, Stella approached him, surprised.
“I thought you was having a dinner party.
Why are you here? Haley’s whipped up a feast for me.
Are you hungry? If so, let’s sit down together.
”
Matthew eyed the spread and nodded in agreement.
Stella and Matthew took their seats across from Haley.
###chapter1486
Seizing the moment, Stella confessed to Matthew about wanting to rent a place for Haley.
“My bad.
I should have sorted this out earlier.
”
“No sweat.
We’ve got spare rooms here.
If Haley aren’t keen on hotels, she’s welcome to bunk with us,” Matthew offered, shooting Haley a small smile.
Haley was floored.
Didn’t Matthew despise her? Why the sudden invite to Prosper Bay?
Yet, she wasn’t keen on staying here.
The closer to Matthew, the likelier she’d blow her cover.
Matthew, toying with the cutlery, had a different take.
Bringing Haley closer meant having her under his nose, giving him a shot at uncovering her true agenda.
Stella didn’t overthink it.
She just saw it as more time to bond with Haley.
Grabbing Haley’s hand eagerly, she chimed, “Perfect setup.
You stay in Prosper Bay, and we’ll look after you.
”
Forced to smile, Haley couldn’t find a reason to decline.
Stella settled beside Haley, linking their arms.
“Phew, what a relief.
I was worried Matthew wouldn’t agree to you moving in.
But it’s all good now.
”
Haley managed a smile.
“I hope I won’t be a bother.
”
“What do you think?” Stella turned to Matthew.
Matthew nodded.
“Sounds good.
I’ve got time today.
We can help you move after dinner.
”
“No need!” Haley said firmly.
Matthew looked at her meaningfully.
His stare made Haley uneasy.
Haley shifted uncomfortably.
“I mean, you’re busy.
I can pack by myself.
Maybe you could send a bodyguard to help.
”
“Don’t worry,” Matthew said.
“You’re Stella’s mom.
We should help you out.
”
“That’s right.
We’re free today.
We’ll help you move later,” Stella chirped in with an eager nod.
Haley saw no reason to refuse.
She just smiled awkwardly and agreed.
During the meal, Haley’s discomfort grew.
She racked her brain for a reason to return to the hotel alone but to no avail.
With an eager grin, Stella ushered Haley into Matthew’s car, and the trio set off towards the hotel.
###chapter1487
Noticing the changes in Matthew’s demeanor towards Haley, Stella attributed it to the DNA test.
She was so happy about this.
Twenty minutes later, the car pulled up at the hotel entrance.
Stella and Haley hurried upstairs to pack, leaving Matthew waiting in the hall.
Once they vanished into the elevator, Matthew lingered on the sofa briefly before approaching the front desk.
“Could you provide me with information on the resident in Room 8203?
Being new, the receptionist hesitated.
“I’m sorry, Sir.
I can’t disclose guest information.
”
Matthew dialed the manager’s number, resolving the issue with a brief call.
After a pause, the receptionist’s expression changed when she received a call from the manager.
Meeting Matthew’s gaze with surprise, she quickly complied with the manager’s request before hanging up.
“I’m really sorry, Mr.
Clark.
I didn’t realize it was you.
I apologize…”
Matthew interrupted her.
“Could you check if Haley Ramos is staying alone here after checking in?”
“Sure.
” Without hesitation, the receptionist typed away on her computer.
“It seems a man has been visiting her.
”
A man?
Matthew’s frown deepened.
“What did he look like?”
“He always wore a mask, so I couldn’t see his face,” the receptionist explained, pulling up surveillance footage.
Matthew watched the screen closely for a moment, unable to recognize the man.
Their interactions, however, seemed close.
“I see,” he said, turning to call Fernando.
“Head to the hotel now and grab some surveillance tapes,” he instructed over the phone.
After the call ended, Stella and Haley came downstairs.
Matthew eyed Haley silently before focusing on her suitcase.
“Is that all your luggage?”
Haley was startled by the unexpected question, unsure why Matthew was asking.
Stella looked puzzled, too.
“Don’t you remember? When she came with us to Seamarsh, she only had one suitcase.
”
“It’s easy to forget little things like that.
” Haley interjected, trying to lighten the mood.
“I’m used to traveling light.
And I don’t have much stuff anyway.
”
“Is that so?” Matthew’s lips tightened.
“What about the man who visited you often? Did he leave anything behind?”
“What man?” Confusion clouded Stella’s expression as she glanced at Matthew, unsure what he was referring to.
###chapter1488
Matthew’s gaze bore into Haley’s with a weighty significance.
Haley glanced down at her feet nervously, sensing Matthew had caught on to something.
She knew lying wouldn’t suffice.
After a moment’s hesitation, she confessed, “I…I have a boyfriend.
”
“Boyfriend?” Stella exclaimed, surprised.
“Since when?”
“Well…” Haley hesitated, unsure of what to say.
Matthew pulled Stella close.
“Let’s respect her privacy, honey.
No need for further questions.
” Turning to Haley, he added, “You should introduce us to your boyfriend.
We could all have dinner together.
”
“Um… Okay…” Haley stammered, her mind racing.
The situation was becoming increasingly complicated.
Flossie was still in the hospital.
‘s BunnyBookery
She had to stay there for a few more days because she caught a cold and showed signs of miscarriage.
But now that she was feeling better and her vital signs had stabilized, she could already be discharged.
She didn’t dare to delay, fearing that the doctor or nurse would spill the beans to Benny about her pregnancy.
Benny held Flossie in his arm and left the ward.
They walked to the elevator.
When they were about to enter, a child suddenly jumped past them.
For some reason, the child tripped and fell.
The child must be in pain.
He cried bitterly and couldn’t get up.
Benny ignored the child.
He continued to walk forward with Flossie in his arm.
Flossie, on the other hand, felt distressed when she heard the child’s cry.
She stopped walking, broke free from Benny’s arms, and went to help the child.
She got him up and comforted him with a few words.
Finally, the child smiled.
Then, he said goodbye to her and left happily.
Flossie watched the child’s receding back.
When his figure finally disappeared from her sight, she looked at Benny.
It was only then that she noticed that Benny was still standing there motionless.
She blinked and asked tentatively, “Don’t you like children?”
Benny’s face was still expressionless.
“No.
They are troublesome.
”
Flossie felt a little sad, but she still forced a smile and said, “Maybe you will change your mind when you have your own child in the future.
”
Benny didn’t say anything.
But she noticed a stern look in his eyes.
Actually, Benny had a child with Evelyn before.
However, she had a miscarriage, which made her suffer a lot.
###chapter1489
He could no longer remember how he felt when he first learned that Evelyn was pregnant.
Maybe he was happy.
But when he witnessed how she suffered in pain, he promised himself not to have another child ever again.
When Benny came back to his senses, he noticed the expectant look on Flossie’s face.
He could already guess what she was thinking.
He looked at her and said solemnly, “I don’t want to have a child, and don’t bring up this topic in front of me again.
”
The smile on Flossie’s face froze.
She was at a loss for words.
She subconsciously looked down at her belly, wondering if Benny would force her to have an abortion if he knew she was pregnant.
But in the end, she didn’t dare to think about it anymore.
This was her child.
No matter what happened, she would protect this child, even from its own father.
‘s BunnyBookery
Benny and Flossie walked out of the elevator and soon left the hospital.
Outside, they saw Edmund standing next to a car.
He seemed to be waiting for them.
Edmund had his eyes fixed on Flossie.
He stepped forward and said, “I’m here to pick you up.
”
Flossie was surprised and flattered at the same time.
“Thank you so much, Mr.
Hanson.
”
“Don’t mention it.
The pleasure is mine.
” Edmund rarely smiled.
But this time, he gave Flossie his most handsome smile.
He glanced at Benny and added, “I happen to have something to discuss with Benny.
”
Flossie guessed it was about their cooperation, so her smile deepened.
“Mr.
Hanson, I want to thank you on behalf of Benny.
”
Edmund responded with an indifferent hum and opened the back seat door.
“Get in the car.
I’ll drive you home first.
”
Flossie nodded and got in the car.
On their way, Edmund looked at Flossie and asked calmly, “Is everything okay?”
His meaning was self-evident.
She couldn’t help looking down at her belly.
She nodded in understanding.
“I’m fine.
I owe you a big favor.
”
“Well, if you want to return the favor, you can treat me to dinner next time,” Edmund said lightly.
Flossie agreed at once.
Benny remained silent all the time.
It was as if he wasn’t there.
Fortunately, Flossie and Edmund chatted intermittently, so the atmosphere in the car became less awkward.
Besides, the hospital was not far from Flossie’s apartment.
When the car stopped in front of her apartment building, Flossie got out.
Then, Edmund left with Benny.
As soon as they arrived at a quiet club, Edmund said without hesitation, “Tell me what you want to do.
”
###chapter1490
Lounging on the couch, Benny said honestly, “I’m part of the Clark family.
”
Edmund, a tad puzzled, waited silently for Benny to continue.
“I’m gunning to take back control of the Clark family.
Once I succeed, Flossie’s future will be rock solid,” Benny declared firmly, oozing confidence.
Unmoved, Edmund eyed him skeptically.
“And if you don’t succeed? Do you want my girl to go down with you?”
“I’ll own up to my mess,” Benny replied without missing a beat.
““Flossie’s my responsibility.
I’ll shield her from harm, and trust me, failure isn’t on my agenda.
”
Edmund’s gaze darkened and he swirled his drink as he smirked.
“Easy talk doesn’t mean easy walk.
”
Benny was puffing himself up way too much.
But Benny caught Edmund’s drift crystal clear.
Venom flashed in his eyes.
“Piece of cake.
Once Matthew vanishes, it will be smooth sailing.
”
He glanced at Edmund with a glint in his eye.
“It seems like we’re cut from the same cloth.
Plus, you might want a piece of the Prosperity Group pie.
”
After a beat, Edmund beamed and nodded eagerly, fully onboard.
“And if I catch you mistreating Flossie, you’ll regret it,” Edmund warned with a steely glint.
“Relax, Flossie’s safe with me,” Benny vowed, lifting his glass in a toast.
“Here’s to a fruitful partnership.
”
With the deal sealed, Benny left the club.
He strolled down the street, trying to clear his head and mull over the deal with Edmund.
Passing a jewelry store, he caught sight of a flashy pair of earrings in the display.
Suddenly, Flossie’s face popped into his mind.
Recalling how she used to love her bling, he realized she hadn’t worn much since he was hospitalized.
Torn, Benny was about to step inside when he spotted a girl heading into a bar nearby.
His heart skipped a beat.
“Evelyn…” he whispered, recognizing the figure.
He dashed after her.
Meanwhile, as Flossie stepped through her front door, her phone buzzed with a call from Stella.
“Flossie, how are you feeling? Still under the weather?”
“I’m out of the hospital.
The doctor said I was good to go,” Flossie replied, kicking off her shoes and sinking onto the couch.
“How’s Orion doing?”
“He’s alright.
Matthew cut him a check and told him to chill for a bit.
”
###chapter1491
Relieved, Flossie sighed.
“Thank goodness.
”
“Flossie…” Stella’s voice trailed off.
Flossie waited but Stella stayed silent.
A knot of anxiety formed in Flossie’s stomach.
“What’s up? Spit it out.
”
“I’ve got something to ask you,” Stella finally blurted out, sounding uneasy.
Flossie’s nerves kicked into high gear.
“What’s going on? Lay it on me.
”
“When did you cross paths with Mr.
Hanson? You know, the guy from your hospital room last time.
” Stella’s tone held a hint of caution.
“Not prying or anything but he seems a bit older, kind of high-class.
I’m just worried about you…”
Seeing Stella’s misunderstanding, Flossie cut in with a grin.
“Nothing fishy with Mr.
Hanson.
My guy was in a jam, and Mr.
Hanson lent a big helping hand.
We just hit it off.
Plus, he rescued me at the resort that day.
”
“Gotcha.
” Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
“Mr.
Hanson’s a stand-up guy.
”
Flossie nodded in agreement.
They chatted for a bit until Flossie suddenly felt queasy.
She wrapped up the call in a hurry.
Putting down her phone, she dashed to the bathroom and emptied her stomach.
Feeling a tad better, she rinsed her mouth and returned to the living room.
As she glanced at the clock, it had been almost two hours since Benny and Edmund took off.
She wondered how things were going.
With that in mind, she dialed Benny.
But the phone rang out with no answer.
She tried twice more but yielded the same result.
Benny strolled into the bar, his eyes scanning for the woman he’d just glimpsed.
Spotting her, he hurried over, blurting out, “Evelyn…
Evelyn…”
She spun around and the dim bar lights cast a glow on her face, highlighting her sharp nose and crimson lips up close.
It was Evelyn! He’d missed her like crazy.
With a rush of joy, Benny pulled her into a tight hug.
“Evelyn, you’re really here.
I’ve missed you loads.
Please don’t leave me again.
”
“You lunatic, let go of me…” The woman squirmed, trying to break free of his grasp.
“Are you out of your mind? I’m not Evelyn.
I’m Emery!”
###chapter1492
“You’re my Evelyn!” Benny insisted firmly.
“I’m sorry, Evelyn.
I’ll listen to you and won’t upset you again.
I’ll do anything if you come back to me.
Evelyn…”
He leaned in for a ki*s.
Emery shrieked, slapping his face hard.
Furious, she growled, “What’s wrong with you? Are you drunk? Listen, I’m Emery, not Evelyn.
Move it!”
The pain snapped Benny out of it.
He looked closely at the woman before him.
She resembled Evelyn but that was it.
He’d mistaken her identity.
Realization hit him like a ton of bricks.
He muttered an apology, then turned and left the bar in a hurry.
It was already ten at night when Benny got back home.
He unlocked the door and stepped in.
The Living room light was still on.
Catching the sound, Flossie trotted over.
Benny glanced at her with a poker face, then diverted his gaze and kicked off his shoes.
Seeing his expression, Flossie figured he hadn’t settled things with Edmund.
She grew worried.
Approaching cautiously, she asked, “Did you talk to Mr.
Hanson? How did it go?”
“Alright,” Benny replied curtly, not wanting to chat.
‘s BunnyBookery
Flossie had loads of questions but kept them to herself.
She reached for Benny’s coat, catching a whiff of strong perfume.
Frowning, she fought the urge to gag.
Benny headed straight to his room without a backward glance.
After lingering a moment, Flossie inspected the coat.
A Lipstick mark on the collar caught her eye.
She distinctly remembered it being clean when Benny left.
Was it from dinner, or…?
Flossie couldn’t help but imagine, feeling uneasy.
Should she confront Benny? But, if she did, would it seem like she didn’t trust him?
She hesitated, unable to move forward, feeling utterly helpless.
“Flossie, come here,” Benny called from his room.
###chapter1493
“In a sec,” Flossie replied.
She stopped guessing and hung up the coat, then made her way over.
Standing by the door, she asked anxiously, “What’s up?”
Benny pulled out a box from his pocket and handed it to her.
“A gift for me?” Flossie asked, surprised.
Benny didn’t reply, simply offering her the box again.
Taking it, Flossie opened it to find a pair of pearl earrings.
“I haven’t given you anything since we were together.
This is just a little something,” Benny said slowly.
Flossie’s doubts about the lipstick vanished.
She looked up, smiling.
“Could you put them on for me?”
A couple days later, Stella wrapped up the final scene and the movie was officially done.
Everybody was over the moon.
The crew and actors were all smiles.
Luther piped up, “Hey folks, how about we grab dinner tonight at Starlight Restaurant, 7 o’clock sharp?”
The crowd went wild with cheers.
Luka, Chris, and Stella hopped in a car headed to the hotel.
It was quiet at first.
Stella, feeling beat, closed her eyes for a quick nap.
Somewhere in the haze, Chris’ and Luka’s voices drifted to her.
Noticing Stella’s snooze, Chris dropped his voice as he spoke.
“I’ve got a few directors inquiring lately.
I picked out some movie and TV gigs that might suit you better.
Do you want to take a break or dive into the next project right away?”
“Have you got the scripts handy?” Luka asked.
Chris nodded.
“Do you want to have a peek now?”
“Let me have a look.
I’ll mull it over,” Luka murmured.
In the car, even with Luka shuffling around, Stella could still hear pages turning.
The sound made her felt a little sleepy.
Then Chris spoke up again.
“Oh, before I forget, there’s this swanky wristwatch brand hosting a promotion event this weekend.
They sent an invite your way, plus one for Debora.
”
He leaned in, shooting Luka a careful look.
Luka’s face stayed stoic.
He paused flipping through pages but soon resumed.
He shot down the invite without missing a beat.
“No, I’ll pass on that.
We shouldn’t be sharing the same spotlight.
”
Hearing that, Chris stayed quiet.
He just nodded, whipped out his phone, and got to texting.
###chapter1494
Stella was wide awake now but she played possum, not cracking her eyelids open.
She simply slouched against the seat, pretending she was oblivious.
After a bit, the car halted at a red light.
Feeling a bit drained from script reading, Luka rubbed his temples and glanced up.
Outside, a building’s LED screen flashed an ad featuring none other than Debora, fresh off a recent shoot.
She was clearly making a comeback.
As Luka watched the ad, memories of him and Debora flooded his mind.
Back then, Debora was riding high as a star, constantly jetting off for work.
Luka had been just starting out and gathering a fanbase.
Though not as hectic as Debora’s schedule, he’d rarely stuck around in one city for long.
They hadn’t got to hang out together often, but whenever he had a breather, he’d hop on a flight to see her.
By day, he’d blend in, keeping her company.
By night, after Debora wrapped up, he’d whisk her off for dinner.
Sometimes fancy restaurants, sometimes street stalls.
They were just like any other couple.
Those days, exhausting yet blissful, had been the highlight of his life.
The green light flicked on and the car lurched forward.
The screen faded from view.
Luka snapped back to reality.
It had been a minute while he’d been dwelling on his past with Debora.
He cast his eyes down and dove back into the script.
As they neared the hotel, Luka eased up and gently roused Stella.
Stella was already up.
She’d been playing possum but eventually she had nodded off for real.
She grinned sheepishly.
“Are we here?”
“Yeah, hop out.
”
They both exited the car and strolled into the hotel.
Luka glanced at Stella.
“So, what’s next for you after wrapping Luther’s flick? More acting gigs?”
Stella shook her head, puzzled.
“I’m not sure yet.
I sort of stumbled into this one.
Whether I stick with acting, beats me.
”
Luka gave her a reassuring smile.
“No worries.
Stick to your guns.
If acting’s your jam, hit me up anytime.
”
Before Stella could reply, a frosty voice cut in from behind.
###chapter1495
“You’re so good to her.
”
Stella and Luka glanced over, spotting Debora right in front of them.
Stella wanted to clear things up, but Debora ignored her, focusing on Luka.
“Remember what I said when we first met? Now that you’re famous, you’ve got more options, huh?”
“It’s not like that…” Stella tried to explain.
But Luka cut her off.
“You head upstairs.
”
“But…” Stella hesitated, glancing at Debora.
“It’s cool.
This is between us.
Just tell Luther I’ll be late.
Don’t hold everyone up for me,” Luka said gently.
After a moment of worry, Stella nodded and headed upstairs.
Luka watched her go, then turned to Debora.
“Quit stirring up trouble,” he warned.
“We’ve been through this.
You chose a different path.
We can’t go back.
”
Debora’s eyes welled up instantly.
“Luka, have you forgotten what we had?”
Luka stayed silent.
“What if I admit I was wrong?” Debora’s emotions spilled out.
“I messed up before.
After leaving you, I realized my mistake.
I can’t live without you.
”
There was still no response from Luka.
He stared at Debora for a moment, then turned and stepped into the elevator.
Watching him leave, Debora’s heart sank.
Resentment flickered in her eyes.
She squeezed her fists tight, not even feeling the nails digging into her palms.
As years passed, her life kept spiraling downward, and she felt the weight of regret.
Thoughts of her time with Luka often crossed her mind, but back then, she didn’t appreciate him.
Once she snapped out of it, she figured they could easily pick up where they left off, despite years apart.
But Luka’s distant attitude caught her off guard.
It was like his love vanished into thin air.
How could this happen?
Back then, Luka loved her fiercely.
Even if he was hurt when they broke up, that anger should’ve faded by now.
She wouldn’t give up.
Debora wiped her tears, a determined smile breaking through.
###chapter1496
She had a plan B.
If she couldn’t sway Luka, she had one last trick up her sleeve.
It might make him hate her more, but she had no other choice.
For her own happiness, she had to take a risk.
Debora took a deep breath, fixed her makeup in the mirror, and strutted into the elevator with confidence.
Meanwhile, in the room, everyone was toasting and chatting away, oblivious to the tension brewing between Debora and Luka.
Stella, the only one in the know, discreetly watched them with a wine glass in hand.
She sensed no tension between them, which secretly put her at ease.
Before long, Debora rose from her seat and addressed Luther.
“This is my first film since getting back to work.
Big thanks to Luther for this chance, and to all of you for looking out for me.
I’ve brought some top-notch wine from my family’s vineyard.
Here’s to a great evening!”
Her words drew applause from the others.
Debora’s father ran a famous winery, so naturally, Luther was eager to taste the wine she brought.
Waiters soon arrived, filling the glasses with the wine.
‘s BunnyBookery
But Debora declined.
“Sorry, folks.
I’ve got a cold.
Just popped some medicine, so no wine for me.
”
Luther barely gave it a moment’s thought before he got to his feet, glass in hand.
“First off, I want to extend my thanks to Debora for bringing us with some fine wine.
You’ve all been putting in the effort these days.
The success of our movie hinges on every single one of you.
”
The room echoed with the clink of glasses as the others joined in the toast.
Debora, opting for a glass of orange juice, raised her drink in Luther’s honor.
No sooner had Stella taken a sip than her phone buzzed—a call from Matthew.
Glancing around, she noticed that the lively banter and the clinking of glasses had everyone’s attention.
Seizing the moment, she picked up.
“I’ll be waiting for you in the parking lot.
Find me when the party winds down,” came Matthew’s gentle voice.
“Okay,” Stella whispered back.
“If you need anything, just call me,” he reminded her.
After affirming, Stella ended the call and slipped her phone away, only to catch the girl beside her offering a knowing smile.
Stella had shared a couple of scenes with her-a supporting actress in the film named Nadia, whose presence was as delightful as it was intriguing.
Stella felt a twinge of embarrassment under her gaze.
“What’s up?” she inquired.
“Is that Mr.
Clark?” Nadia blinked.
“I’m quite jealous of your bond with him.
Despite his busy schedule, he always makes time for you.
When will I stumble upon someone as wealthy, attractive, and thoughtful?”
Stella offered a reassuring smile.
“You’ll find someone who adores you for who you are.
Keep your spirits up.
”
###chapter1497
In the midst of their conversation, Luka rose abruptly.
“I’m feeling a bit dizzy,” he announced, making his way to leave.
Luther responded with concern, “Take care of yourself and let’s stay in touch.
There’s room for more collaboration down the line.
”
Luka nodded, a flush creeping over his face.
Luther’s worry deepened at the sight.
“Where’s your agent? Maybe you should wait here for him to come get you.
”
The thought of anything happening to the film’s lead at such a pivotal time was the last thing he wanted.
Debora, who had been closely following the unfolding events, sprang to her feet upon catching the drift of the conversation.
“I just spotted Chris outside a moment ago.
I’ll get a waiter to guide Luka outside.
”
Before Luther could further address the situation, the producer approached.
Following a brief conversation, he directed a waiter to ensure Luka reached Chris safely, then stepped aside with the producer.
Seeing the matter resolved, Stella didn’t dwell on it.
The party carried on, and after enjoying a few more drinks, Stella considered Matthew’s patience.
Catching Luther as he resettled into his seat, she rose to take her leave.
Appreciative of Stella’s contributions and her development on set, Luther offered, “Keep in touch.
I’ll reach out if something suitable comes up for you.
”
“Thank you.
” She expressed her gratitude and suggested they enjoy a few more glasses of wine before she departed.
While waiting for the elevator, she took out her phone, intending to message Matthew.
It was then that a waiter, engrossed in a phone conversation, passed by her, announcing, “Miss Holmes, as per your instructions, Mr.
Swain has been accommodated in Room 1605.
”
The conversation made Stella pause mid-text and turn around instinctively.
The waiter, caught off guard by her gaze, hurried away.
Stella attempted to refocus on sending her message, yet the waiter’s words lingered in her mind, stirring a sense of unease.
In the midst of their conversation, Luka rose abruptly.
“I’m feeling a bit dizzy,” he announced, making his way to leave.
Luther responded with concern, “Take care of yourself and let’s stay in touch.
There’s room for more collaboration down the line.
”
Luka nodded, a flush creeping over his face.
Luther’s worry deepened at the sight.
“Where’s your agent? Maybe you should wait here for him to come get you.
”
The thought of anything happening to the film’s lead at such a pivotal time was the last thing he wanted.
Debora, who had been closely following the unfolding events, sprang to her feet upon catching the drift of the conversation.
“I just spotted Chris outside a moment ago.
I’ll get a waiter to guide Luka outside.
”
BunnyBookery
Before Luther could further address the situation, the producer approached.
Following a brief conversation, he directed a waiter to ensure Luka reached Chris safely, then stepped aside with the producer.
Seeing the matter resolved, Stella didn’t dwell on it.
The party carried on, and after enjoying a few more drinks, Stella considered Matthew’s patience.
Catching Luther as he resettled into his seat, she rose to take her leave.
Appreciative of Stella’s contributions and her development on set, Luther offered, “Keep in touch.
I’ll reach out if something suitable comes up for you.
”
“Thank you.
” She expressed her gratitude and suggested they enjoy a few more glasses of wine before she departed.
While waiting for the elevator, she took out her phone, intending to message Matthew.
It was then that a waiter, engrossed in a phone conversation, passed by her, announcing, “Miss Holmes, as per your instructions, Mr.
Swain has been accommodated in Room 1605.
”
The conversation made Stella pause mid-text and turn around instinctively.
The waiter, caught off guard by her gaze, hurried away.
Stella attempted to refocus on sending her message, yet the waiter’s words lingered in her mind, stirring a sense of unease.
As the elevator doors slid open, Stella stepped inside, initially reaching to press for the ground floor.
However, a moment of hesitation changed her course, and she found herself selecting the 16th floor instead.
The 16th floor was lined with suites, enveloped in a serene quiet.
Approaching Room 1605, Stella knocked, calling out, “Luka? Are you there?”
No response came from within.
Stella tried listening at the door, but the room’s soundproofing thwarted her efforts.
Persistent knocking yielded no sound from inside, leading her to wonder if she was overthinking the situation.
Just as she was about to leave, a cleaning lady caught her eye.
In a firm tone, Stella addressed her, “Hello, my friend is inside Room 1605 and might be in trouble.
He’s unable to open the door.
Could you help me get in?”
The cleaning lady, taken aback by Stella’s assertiveness, retrieved a room key and unlocked the door.
Upon entering, they found the room illuminated, with Luka lying on the bed, groaning in discomfort.
As the elevator doors slid open, Stella stepped inside, initially reaching to press for the ground floor.
However, a moment of hesitation changed her course, and she found herself selecting the 16th floor instead.
The 16th floor was lined with suites, enveloped in a serene quiet.
Approaching Room 1605, Stella knocked, calling out, “Luka? Are you there?”
No response came from within.
Stella tried listening at the door, but the room’s soundproofing thwarted her efforts.
Persistent knocking yielded no sound from inside, leading her to wonder if she was overthinking the situation.
Just as she was about to leave, a cleaning lady caught her eye.
In a firm tone, Stella addressed her, “Hello, my friend is inside Room 1605 and might be in trouble.
He’s unable to open the door.
Could you help me get in?”
The cleaning lady, taken aback by Stella’s assertiveness, retrieved a room key and unlocked the door.
Upon entering, they found the room illuminated, with Luka lying on the bed, groaning in discomfort.
###chapter1498
Stella was taken aback and froze, unsure of what action to take next.
The cleaning lady peeked out from behind her, commenting, “This fellow looks like an actor.
His name is…”
Upon hearing this, Stella quickly ushered her aside.
“I’ve seen him in a movie before…” The cleaning lady tried hard to remember.
Stella pulled out some money from her purse, handed it to her, and warned, “Forget everything you just saw.
If you spill the beans, you’ll be out of a job in Seamarsh forever.
”
The janitor nodded cautiously.
Without another word, Stella entered the room and closed the door behind her.
She went back to Luka to check on him, feeling almost certain he had been drugged.
“Luka, can you hear me? It’s Stella,” she said, gently tapping on his face.
Luka opened his eyes, which were bloodshot, indicating he might have heard her.
Then he whispered weakly, “Stella… help me.
I feel awful.
”
He adjusted his collar and unfastened a few buttons on his shirt.
Stella squinted, searching for a way out.
She knew she couldn’t call for an ambulance.
The movie wrap-up had just concluded, and surely, reporters were lurking below, eager for a scoop.
Taking Luka to the hospital would only feed the media frenzy.
Mulling over her options, she dialed Matthew.
“Get to Room 1605, quick.
We’ve got trouble,” she blurted out as soon as he picked up.
Before she could hang up, Luka’s arms enveloped her in an unexpected embrace, causing her to drop her phone in surprise.
Without a moment to retrieve it, she tried to shake off his grip.
“Luka, snap out of it.
It’s me, Stella!”
Right then, the door swung open.
Debora entered, all smiles, until her gaze fell on Stella, and her demeanor shifted to a scowl.
“What are you doing here? How did you get in?”
Freeing herself from Luka’s hold, Stella stood to face Debora, instantly grasping the situation.
With a cold edge to her voice, she asked, “Why would you drug Luka?
Do you realize the damage this could do to his career and our movie’s press tour?”
“This doesn’t concern you.
Get out right now!” Advancing, Debora yanked Stella’s arm, catching her off guard.
###chapter1499
Stella stumbled backward, hitting her head against the wall with a thud.
A grimace of pain crossed her face as flashes of memory played through her mind, distorted and hazy.
Stella shook her head and stood up, cautioning Debora, “Don’t act without thinking.
If Luka finds out, it’ll only make things worse between you two!”
Debora paused, her gaze fixed on Luka, filled with resolve.
“It doesn’t matter if he ends up hating me.
I just want him to love me again.
If I have another child with him, he might change his mind.
”
Back when she was at the peak of her fame, Debora chose to end her pregnancy with Luka’s child.
But somehow, after that decision, her life spiraled down.
Job offers stopped coming in, and she sank into a deep sadness.
She longed for the days she spent with Luka.
Gathering her courage, Debora decided to reconcile with Luka, only to be hit with rumors of him being in love with someone else.
She tried to move on.
But as time passed, her longing for Luka and the love they shared only grew stronger.
Feeling trapped and without options, she believed that if she could make things right this time, Luka wouldn’t leave her.
Luka had always been tender-hearted towards her.
She was convinced they could rekindle their relationship.
After a moment of thought, Debora turned and pushed Stella away, saying, “This is something between Luka and me.
You’re better off pretending you don’t know anything.
”
“Debora, it’s not too late to choose the right path.
Let’s get Luka to a hospital.
I’m sure he’ll forgive you,” Stella urged, hoping to prevent any further mistakes and to spare Luka from harm.
‘s BunnyBookery
But Debora’s mind was set.
She opened the door and pushed Stella outside.
“Stay out of this.
”
Stella stumbled before a man caught her.
Turning around, she recognized Matthew.
“Quick, we need to move…”
Matthew’s bodyguards quickly moved to secure the door.
Despite her efforts, Debora couldn’t shut the door.
She glared at Stella in frustration.
Stella didn’t pay her any attention and quickly briefed Matthew on the situation.
“Luka’s been drugged, and there might be reporters waiting downstairs.
How can we get him to the hospital without attracting attention?”
Matthew caught on immediately.
He pulled out his phone and dialed Cordell.
“Meet us at Room 1605, Starlight Inn.
We’ve got a drug situation.
”
Once he ended the call, Matthew turned to Debora with a stern look.
“Once the movie hits, Luka’s going to be big.
Even if you manage to stick with him, he’ll leave you eventually.
”
His words hit Debora hard, draining the color from her face.
Matthew didn’t stop there.
“Besides, you’ll be ruined online.
All your job and business opportunities will vanish, while Luka will only gain more sympathy.
Is that really what you’re aiming for?”
###chapter1500
Debora seemed to consider his words, her resolve softening, yet she remained stubborn.
“I just want to get back with him.
”
Suddenly, Luka’s voice interrupted from behind.
Leaning against the wall, looking both flushed and breathless, he declared, “Starting today, you’re nothing to me.
”
Debora’s face showed shock as she stared at Luka, unable to believe what she just heard.
Observing the crowd, Cordell grasped the seriousness of the situation.
Pointing at Luka, Matthew instructed, “Take care of him.
I’m getting Stella out of here first.
”
Realizing this wasn’t the moment to linger, Stella allowed Matthew to guide her away.
As they were leaving, Debora couldn’t help but yell after them, “Stella, why do they all Like you?”
Stella faced Debora’s wild eyes with a calm resolve.
“Because I know better than to stoop to your level.
”
Unfazed by Debora’s antics, Matthew cast her a dismissive glance before departing with Stella in tow.
Once inside the car, Stella’s hands clenched with residual fear from Debora’s unsettling behavior.
She drew in a deep breath, trying to quell the unease that lingered within her.
Matthew noticed her trembling hands and reached out, enfolding her in a reassuring embrace.
“It’s okay, Stella.
You’re safe now.
”
As he gently caressed her head, she winced in pain, causing him to pull back in concern.
“What’s wrong?” he inquired, his eyes filled with worry.
Stella rubbed her sore temple.
“I bumped my head against the wall.
”
“Let me see if it’s swollen.
” Matthew examined her forehead, relieved to find only a minor injury.
With a sigh of relief, he massaged her head, offering comfort in his light touch.
“Does it still hurt?”
Stella shook her head, the pain gradually subsiding as she nestled closer to Matthew’s comforting presence.
Fearing for her safety, Matthew implored, “Promise me, Stella, that you’ll never face trouble alone again.
You must tell me immediately if you’re in danger.
”
He didn’t dare to imagine what would happen if he didn’t arrive in time.
Stella couldn’t help but chuckle at his earnestness.
“I promise.
”
She linked her arm through his and rubbed against his chest coyly.
“I could use some rest.
Let’s head home.
”
Her perfume and the hint of wine on her breath surely added to her allure.
###chapter1501
Agreeing with her suggestion, Matthew instructed the driver to take them home, eager to ensure her well-being.
Upon their return, they found Haley waiting anxiously in the illuminated living room.
Her concern was palpable as she rushed to greet them.
“Where were you at this hour?”
Her eyes widened in alarm at the sight of Stella’s injury.
“Your forehead! What happened?”
In recent days, Haley had been striving to keep up the charade of a devoted mother.
It was only when Stella and Matthew were away that she could call Kristian to vent her frustrations.
However, Kristian’s advice always seemed to be a plea for patience, leaving Haley feeling increasingly worn out.
Witnessing her efforts, Stella couldn’t help but be touched.
Despite her own troubles, she didn’t want to burden Haley further.
“It’s nothing, just a bump on the head.
You should get some rest.
It’s late.
”
Haley’s gaze lingered affectionately upon her.
“But how can I rest when you’re not home?”
Concern etched on her features, she inspected Stella’s injury.
“Have you sought medical attention?”
Taking Haley’s hand, Stella reassured her with a smile.
“It’s really nothing serious.
I’ll just apply some medicine later.
”
Relieved, Haley nodded.
“That’s good.
”
As Stella prepared to sit on the sofa, she was suddenly overcome by a series of blurry images flashing through her mind.
She paused, trying to blink away the haze.
Then she furrowed her brows, trying to grasp the familiarity of the scenes.
“Are you feeling alright? Do you need anything?” Sensing something amiss, Haley approached her anxiously.
After a moment, Stella turned to Haley with a curious expression.
“Do you have any photos of my father?”
Though she knew of her father’s flaws, she couldn’t shake the curiosity about his appearance.
Despite everything, he was still her father.
No matter how bad a man he was, she still needed to accept his existence.
More importantly, in her dream, her father was always so gentle and loving.
She couldn’t understand why such a man would harm his daughter and wife.
She thought maybe her father wasn’t that awful.
Haley’s expression stiffened at the request, caught off guard.
“Why do you suddenly want to see your father’s photos? Do you remember something?”
###chapter1502
Shaking her head, Stella clarified, “It’s just a vague memory.
I’m just curious about what he looked Like.
”
Haley’s relief was palpable as she realized Stella wasn’t hiding anything.
Yet, her gaze turned sorrowful as she spoke.
“After the accident, I was too injured to retrieve much of our belongings from our home.
I was sent abroad soon after waking up.
”
A fleeting pang of regret flitted across Stella’s expression at the realization of lost opportunities.
Fearing that Stella might remember something more, Haley deftly redirected the conversation.
“It’s getting late.
You should go upstairs and rest.
”
Silently, Stella nodded.
Observing the exchange, Matthew approached with the medicine, his gaze thoughtful and filled with unspoken meaning as he regarded Haley.
Stella dozed off after putting on the medicine.
Matthew tucked her in and sneaked off to the study.
Sitting there, he couldn’t shake off Haley’s recent reaction.
Then, he fired up his computer, checking the security footage for when he was out earlier.
On the screen, Haley seemed her usual self, calling anxiously now and then.
Matthew drummed his fingers on the table, pondering if she was talking to her so-called boyfriend.
He glared at the screen, a smirk creeping onto his face.
He figured Haley would slip up eventually.
Without a word, he shut down the computer and headed back to bed.
Stella was sleeping like a log.
He couldn’t resist planting a ki*s on her cheek before dozing off himself.
The next morning, sunlight streamed in through the curtains.
Stella’s phone jingled, rousing her from sleep.
She yawned and picked up.
It was Luka.
She hit “answer right away.
“How are you?” Luka’s voice was soft and tinged with guilt.
Stella cleared her throat.
“I’m good.
How about you?”
“I’m fine.
Thanks for last night…” Luka paused, then added, “And Matthew.
Tell him thanks from me.
”
“No worries, it’s nothing.
We didn’t want things to go south last night.
” Stella was wide awake now.
After a beat, she asked, “What’s the plan with Debora?”
Luka let out a soft sigh and murmured, “That’s it.
It’s done.
###chapter1503
Despite everything, I won’t hold it against her for the good times.
But that’s the end of it.
No more Debora for me.
”
Stella nodded, respecting his choice.
This was Luka and Debora’s business, not hers to poke into.
She changed the subject, offering comfort.
“I’m just glad you’re alright.
Hopefully, Debora can move on soon.
”
“Thanks.
” Luka breathed deeply.
“I have to head to work now.
If you ever need a hand, just holler.
And let’s catch up for dinner sometime.
”
“Sure thing.
” Stella ended the call.
As she turned around, she spotted Matthew with a grin and a laptop in hand.
Wondering what was up, she figured maybe Matthew wasn’t keen on her talking to Luka.
So, she explained, “Luka wanted me to say thanks on his behalf.
”
Matthew arched an eyebrow.
“Do you think I’m that petty?”
Wasn’t he? Stella snickered, but she didn’t dare say it aloud.
Noticing the laptop, she asked, “What’s that about?”
Matthew pulled up a chair, showing her the screen.
“Take a look.
It’s about Bella’s test.
”
“Seriously?” Stella’s eyes widened.
“Let me see!”
The first thing she noticed was the title: “Sewing Basics.
”
Stella furrowed her brow, reading intently.
Every contender would be handed an old, raggedy dress.
Whoever fixed it up best could have a shot at being Bella’s apprentice for a year.
Below lay the list of participants.
As Stella scanned it, she realized they were all pros.
A tinge of nerves crept in.
Then, her hand shook as her eyes landed on a familiar name.
Devyn?
Did she sign up too? What were the odds?
Matthew glanced at the name, unbothered.
###chapter1504
He rested a hand on Stella’s shoulder, asking, “Are you feeling jittery?”
Stella took a deep breath, straightening up.
“No! I’m all in.
I want to learn from Bella, no matter what it takes!”
Matthew grinned affectionately.
“Easy now.
Just give it your best shot.
”
Meanwhile, Haley stood outside, eavesdropping with a frown.
Cold sweat trickled down Haley’s forehead.
She balled her hands into fists, noticing her palms were slick with sweat.
The thought that Stella might return to Bella’s side filled her with dread, risking the exposure of her and Kristian’s scheme.
Matthew’s earlier caution echoed in her mind, heightening her fear.
Her thoughts jumbled, she struggled to decide on her next move.
Then, it hit her.
She needed to reach out to Kristian immediately.
Without another moment’s delay, Haley hurried off.
At breakfast, Stella observed Haley’s subdued demeanor and lack of appetite, prompting her to ask with genuine concern, “Are you feeling alright? Is there something wrong with the food?”
Haley quickly shook her head, caught off guard by Stella’s voice.
“I’m fine, really.
I think I might have caught a cold last night.
Please, go ahead and eat.
I just need to use the restroom.
”
With that, she excused herself, made her way to the bathroom, and locked herself in.
Once alone, she pulled out her phone and texted Kristian, “Stella is getting involved in Bella’s competition and might meet with Bella soon.
What should we do?”
After sending the message, Haley anxiously clutched her phone, waiting for a reply.
Kristian quickly replied, “Find a way to delay her.
Make sure Stella doesn’t get in touch with Bella.
All you need to do is wait until Stella and Matthew’s wedding.
Then, everyone will recognize you as Stella’s mother, and we’ll be able to wrap up our plan.
”
Haley read Kristian’s message twice, her brow furrowed.
She bit her lip, put her phone down, and turned on the faucet.
Staring at her reflection in the mirror, she started to concoct a plan.
In the apartment, Flossie stood in front of the floor-to-ceiling window.
Outside, a bird chirped on a branch.
Flossie was deep in thought when a phone call snapped her back to the present.
It was her friend, Aline, calling.
She picked up.
“Aline, what’s up?”
###chapter1505
“Just checking in.
How are you? Feeling better?” Aline asked, her voice laced with concern.
A few days ago, Flossie mentioned she wasn’t feeling great, so she ended up postponing a lot of her work.
Aline felt sorry that Flossie was going through this, especially at such a crucial point in her career.
She hoped Flossie would get better soon so she could get back to her life as a celebrity.
The industry was moving fast, and they had to keep up or risk being left behind.
Flossie replied, “I’m feeling a lot better now.
Is something up?”
“I’m just relieved to hear you’re doing okay!” Aline couldn’t hide her excitement.
“You know Liz, that fashion brand? They’re organizing a big fashion show in Seamarsh.
I’ve been doing everything I can to secure a spot for you.
They mentioned if you do well, you might even become Liz’s brand ambassador!”
The idea of being Liz’s brand ambassador caught Flossie’s interest.
Now that Benny was well again, she was free to work and earn some extra money.
But then she looked down at her pregnant belly, wondering if going back to work would be risky for her baby.
“Flossie? You still there?” Aline’s voice broke through her thoughts, a hint of anxiety in her tone.
“This is a golden opportunity.
We can’t let it slip by.
”
Flossie knew what was at stake.
After a moment of thought, she responded, “I’ll think it over and get back to you tomorrow.
”
Aline was relieved Flossie didn’t say no right away.
“Okay, take your time.
I’ll be waiting for your decision.
”
After they hung up, Flossie sat by the window, lost in thought as she watched a bird outside, waiting for Benny to return home.
As soon as Benny got home, he told Flossie, “Hey, get ready.
I’m taking you to a party.
”
“What party?” Flossie looked a bit surprised.
This was the first time Benny ever offered to take her to a party.
Benny said honestly, “Edmund set it up.
He thinks I should mingle more.
So, let’s get you spruced up.
”
After dropping that explanation, he flashed a grin at Flossie.
“Sure thing!” Flossie trotted off to her room happily.
She swung open her wardrobe.
It was packed with all sorts of clothes, some which had been gifted to her, all fresh out of the box.
Flossie eyeballed each outfit and gave them a try.
A wave of long-lost excitement flooded her.
Looking at her slim waist and flawless curves in the mirror, Flossie’s eyes sparkled.
She seemed to have an epiphany and dialed Aline’s number.
“I’ve made up my mind.
I’m hitting up the Liz fashion show.
”
###chapter1506
Aline was taken aback for a second and then chirped, “I’ll get everything sorted pronto!”
After hanging up, Flossie stepped out in a crimson dress.
She twirled in front of Benny.
She winked at him and asked, “So what’s the verdict?”
Benny held back his thoughts but his eyes betrayed his admiration.
He coughed and looked away.
“You seem to be really into parties, huh?”
Flossie shook her head and grabbed onto Benny’s arm.
“I just made a call that’s got me all giddy.
”
Benny arched his eyebrows, turning to her.
“What’s the call about?”
“My assistant rang me up today, pushing me to hit up Liz’s fashion show.
I hesitated but after some pondering, I’m all in!”
Benny had no qualms about it.
He slipped his hand around Flossie’s waist, saying plainly, “Alright then.
”
No more words were exchanged between the two of them as Benny drove them to the party.
As they pulled up, they spotted Edmund waiting for them at the gate.
A smile instantly lit up his usually stern face upon seeing Flossie.
Approaching her, Edmund complimented her.
“Flossie, you look stunning!”
While talking, he caught sight of Flossie’s high heels.
He frowned, feeling the need to advise, “Maybe opt for lower heels.
.
“I got it,” Flossie interrupted hurriedly, worried he might bring up her pregnancy.
“I’ll watch my step next time.
”
Perplexed, Benny glanced between them.
Eventually, he fixed his gaze on Flossie, silently questioning the meaning behind their exchange.
Under his scrutiny, Flossie felt a tad flustered.
She maintained composure, raising her eyebrows with a charming smile.
“This is just a little secret between me and Mr.
Hanson.
”
With a wink, she nodded at Edmund.
Edmund pursed his lips, refraining from further comment.
“It’s getting windy.
You best head inside.
We’ll chat later.
”
“Got it.
” Flossie breathed out, relieved.
She linked arms with Benny and they made their way indoors.
Not long after they entered, another car rolled up slowly.
Benny squinted, the grin slipping from his face slightly.
The car halted and a man and a woman stepped out.
The man, middle-aged, looked fondly at the girl by his side.
As Edmund caught sight of the man’s face, his expression turned serious in an instant.
The man went by Emil Morgan and the girl beside him was his daughter, Emery Morgan.
###chapter1507
Emil was one of Edmund’s business partners, and Edmund treated Emery as his own daughter.
So, when he saw Emery, he said kindly, “Emery, long time no see.
When did you come to Seamarsh?”
“I came with Dad,” Emery replied with a faint smile.
Edmund nodded.
“Are you enjoying it here in Seamarsh?”
Emery nodded heavily.
“Yes, of course!”
After saying this, she seemed to have thought of something.
She frowned and complained, “However, I met a strange man a few days ago.
As soon as he saw me, he hugged me.
It took me a lot of effort to get rid of him.
”
Edmund’s face darkened at once.
“A strange man? Who is he?”
When Emery saw the anger in Edmund’s eyes, she quickly waved her hand and said, “It’s not a big deal.
Don’t worry about it anymore.
”
But Edmund’s expression didn’t soften at all.
Emery stepped forward and held his arm.
She added coquettishly, “If I meet him next time, I will definitely let you teach him a lesson.
”
After hearing this, Edmund relented.
However, he still couldn’t help warning Emery, “No matter where you are, if someone bullies you, make sure to tell me or your father.
You can’t suffer in silence, okay?
We are here to protect you.
”
“I understand.
I will,” Emery replied obediently.
Edmund nodded, touched her head, and looked at Emil.
“Let’s go.
I’ll take you to meet someone.
”
Then, the three of them walked into the banquet hall.
Edmund looked around, and his eyes finally landed on Benny and Flossie.
Then, he led Emil and Emery to them.
Edmund introduced Benny and Emil to each other.
Emery and Benny exchanged glances.
They were both stunned.
When Edmund noticed the strange look on Benny’s face, his expression darkened slightly.
He turned his gaze and found something was also wrong with Emery’s expression.
He was suspicious at once.
But he still kept calm and asked, “Emery, is something wrong?”
Emery looked Flossie and Benny up and down with a faint smile.
“Nothing.
I only feel Benny looks familiar.
But maybe I’m just mistaken.
Forget it.
”
After saying this, she raised her glass to her mouth and took a sip.
Her eyes narrowed slightly.
Under the light, she still glanced at Benny stealthily.
He had sharp features, and he looked very elegant in his suit and leather shoes.
Last time, she was in the dark when she was suddenly hugged by him.
###chapter1508
And she was too frightened to notice that he was so handsome.
Emery couldn’t help wondering why Edmund introduced Benny to her.
What was so special about this man?
On the other hand, Benny was relieved that Emery didn’t expose him.
He nodded at her as a greeting.
Then, he lowered his eyes.
Now that he saw her again, he couldn’t help sighing inwardly.
She really looked like Evelyn.
No wonder he mistook her for Evelyn when he was drunk last time.
After the introduction and exchanging greetings, the party began.
Edmund winked at Benny and Emil.
Then, he said to Flossie, “You and Emery should get something to eat first.
We will just have a quick talk with the other guests.
We’ll see you later.
”
Flossie readily agreed.
After all, she knew very well that this kind of occasion inevitably involved socializing.
As soon as the three men left, Emery took Flossie’s hand and said, “Flossie, let’s go have some fresh air.
This kind of party is really boring.
I can’t breathe staying here.
”
Flossie was a sociable person, and she always liked making friends.
Emery’s cute behavior made her Like Emery immediately.
So, she didn’t refuse Emery’s invitation.
“Okay.
”
Emery took Flossie to the dance floor.
She looked back, ensuring there was a distance between them and Benny.
Then, she asked Flossie cautiously, “Is he your boyfriend? So, is your name Evelyn?”
Flossie’s expression suddenly changed upon hearing Emery mention Evelyn’s name.
But she took a deep breath to calm herself down.
“No, I’m not Evelyn.
My name is Flossie.
” Flossie introduced herself with a smile.
“By the way, how did you know about Evelyn?”
Emery frowned slightly.
She thought for a while and then told Flossie about what had happened in the bar that day.
“At that time, Benny kept calling Evelyn’s name.
I thought she was you.
I’m sorry.
”
Flossie didn’t respond and looked a little dazed.
Suddenly, she remembered the lipstick mark on Benny’s clothes.
Her mood immediately dropped.
Her hands, hanging by her sides, trembled.
Her heart felt so heavy that she could hardly breathe.
When Emery saw Flossie’s reaction, she noticed something seemed wrong.
She couldn’t help asking, “Flossie, are you okay? Do you want to get some rest first?”
It was only then that Flossie came back to her senses.
“I’m fine.
I don’t know Evelyn.
Maybe she is one of Benny’s ex-girlfriends.
”
###chapter1509
Oh, I see,” Emery said, smiling apologetically.
“I’m sorry.
I shouldn’t have said that.
Me and my big mouth.
”
Flossie was no longer in the mood to talk to Emery.
She was preoccupied with Evelyn.
When Emery saw this, she realized she had said something wrong.
She wanted to make up for it, so she held Flossie’s hand and said, “Let’s go dancing.
Those men won’t finish their conversation soon.
Let’s have fun without them.
” she couldn’t refuse Flossie was really not in the mood.
However ‘Okay.
” Emery’s warm invitation.
She nodded and said, Maybe finding something to do could distract her.
Otherwise, she really wouldn’t stop thinking about Evelyn.
At this moment, in a corner of the banquet hall, Edmund, Emil, and Benny sat on separate single couches.
Edmund looked at Emil opposite him and asked straightforwardly, “Emil, do you have any news about Prosperity Group?”
Emil shook the wine glass in his hand and replied, “Matthew is busy preparing for his wedding.
Everything is going well in the company, and their stock price continues to soar.
”
Edmund rubbed his chin, pondering.
After a while, he nodded and said, “That company is really good.
”
Emil was curious about Edmund’s reaction.
“What’s wrong? What do you have in mind?”
Edmund paused, looked at Benny, and said in a low voice, “Emil, let me introduce this man to you again.
He is Benny, Garry’s son.
”
Emil was stunned for a moment.
Obviously, he couldn’t believe it.
When he came back to his senses, he laughed loudly.
“Is this a joke?”
However, Edmund looked very serious.
He was apparently not joking.
Emil stopped laughing.
He looked at Benny, observing him carefully.
Benny remained calm.
“Mr.
Morgan, it’s a pleasure to meet you.
”
Emil just looked at him without saying anything.
But Benny ignored Emil’s reaction.
He continued, “I asked Mr.
Hanson to invite you here because I want to talk about cooperation with you.
If you are willing to help me, Prosperity Group will fall into our hands.
Then, we will enjoy its wealth and glory together.
”
Of course, Emil knew it was a good deal.
So, after thinking for a moment, he nodded with a smile.
“Sure.
We can find a good opportunity to kill Matthew.
”
Edmund’s smile deepened.
He raised his glass and said, “ALL right.
You two seem to be getting along well.
Come on, cheers! To our success!”
The party ended very late at night, so it was already early in the morning when Benny and Flossie returned home.
Now that Emil was there to help him, Benny became more confident in his plan.
So, his face was still full of joy until he arrived home.
While taking off his coat, he noticed Flossie sitting on the sofa with a glum face.
###chapter1510
Benny couldn’t help frowning.
He sat next to her and asked concernedly, “Are you tired?”
“No.
” Flossie shook her head and looked at Benny hesitantly.
After a while, she asked, “Do you still miss Evelyn?”
Benny’s face darkened at once.
He abruptly stood up and said in an unpleasant tone, “How many times do I have to tell you not to mention her? I don’t want to hear that name ever again.
She’s already in the past.
”
When Flossie saw his reaction, she smiled sadly.
“I know she’s in the past.
But if you have really forgotten her, why are you so mad at me right now?”
Benny looked at her with a frown.
He did not answer her question.
Flossie stared at him with bitterness in her heart.
She said in a hoarse voice, “I know you have a lot of memories about her.
But I am your girlfriend now.
I don’t want you to forget about that because of another woman.
”
Flossie trembled all over.
Aside from anger, she felt more scared.
She hid the letter Evelyn had written to Benny, intending to wait until their relationship stabilized before telling him about it.
But now…
What would Benny do after reading Evelyn’s letter? Would he abandon her?
She didn’t dare to gamble.
Benny’s brows furrowed even tighter.
He didn’t want this little thing to affect his plan.
So, he began to comfort Flossie, “I know.
Don’t worry.
I will treat you well.
”
Perhaps due to the influence of pregnancy hormones, Flossie couldn’t help crying as soon as Benny’s attitude softened.
“I know I’m wrong this time.
I promise it won’t happen again,” Benny added, holding her in his arms.
He reached for the tissue on the coffee table and gently wiped her tears.
At this moment, Flossie’s phone rang.
It was Miley calling.
Before answering the phone, Flossie took a deep breath to make her voice sound more natural.
Miley’s voice came from the other end of the line.
“Miley, are you feeling better? I heard you’re going to Liz’s fashion show.
This will be your first comeback.
I will make it perfect for you.
If you have time, come to the company tomorrow.
I will definitely make you gorgeous.
”
Flossie quickly calmed herself down.
“Thank you, babe.
I’ll see you tomorrow.
”
Ending the call, Flossie felt a weight lift off her shoulders.
Deciding to focus on work during her pregnancy, she figured it would keep her mind off things at home.
Seeing Flossie’s improved mood, Benny tilted his head and said softly, “I’m sorry.
”
Flossie couldn’t believe it.
Benny was actually apologizing to her?
Feeling a rush of warmth, Flossie nestled against his arm and a sweet smile played on her lips.
If Benny could just put Evelyn behind him, she’d forgive him completely.
With a baby on the way and Benny’s thriving business, their future together Looked bright.
###chapter1511
After their shower, Benny and Flossie prepared for bed.
Holding her close, Benny felt a flutter in his chest at her scent.
Leaning down, he planted gentle ki*ses on her forehead, cheek, and…
His hands traced her back.
Feeling tense, Flossie pushed him away, blurting out, “I’m tired.
Not now…”
Benny’s gaze softened as he looked at Flossie who was hiding her face in his arms.
She looked stunning.
The blush on her cheeks from their ki*ses only added to her charm.
Benny’s heart swelled.
He didn’t push her.
Instead, he lay beside her, reaching out to hold her once more.
“Sleep well.
” His ki*s was tender and devoid of any desire.
The next morning, Flossie dressed carefully and left after bidding Benny goodbye.
With Miley’s directions, she found the studio easily.
Stepping into the room, Flossie let out a sigh.
“Miley, it’s been ages! Your workplaces huge now! Seems like you’re nailing it in love and business, huh? You’ve been glowing!”
Miley feigned annoyance, firing back, “Quit teasing! Yeah, we got more space, but we lost something big.
”
Eyeing Flossie, she asked, “So when are you coming back, Flossie?”
Slapping her bag on the table, Flossie shrugged and gave Miley a look.
“I’m here now, aren’t 1?”
Miley grinned, letting the topic drop.
Turning away, she fetched the dress for the show.
Handing it to Flossie, she said, “It was made this to your old size.
Try it on and see if we need to tweak it.
”
Flossie ran her fingers over the jewelry on the dress.
“Is this morganite?” she asked, surprised.
Miley nodded, smiling.
“Yes, it’s rare stuff.
It adds a sparkle and suits you perfectly.
”
Thanking Miley, Flossie headed into the fitting room with the dress.
As Flossie emerged from the fitting room, Miley’s eyes lit up with anticipation.
She was sure the dress would be a knockout.
But reality hit her hard.
Grabbing Flossie’s hand, she scanned her up and down.
Finally, she frowned unable to hold it in any longer.
“Flossie, what happened during your break? You’ve gained quite some weight.
”
Gazing at her reflection, Flossie felt a pang of disappointment.
Since getting pregnant, Flossie had been eating more to ensure her baby’s health.
Patting Flossie’s shoulder, Miley said, “Don’t sweat it.
We still have a few days before the show.
You can shed some pounds this week.
”
###chapter1512
Flossie instinctively touched her belly and then glanced at Miley, embarrassed.
“Can I not?”
Miley’s expression darkened.
“Being trim is crucial for modeling.
You know, youth’s fleeting in this business.
You can’t model forever.
If you show up like this, people might start to doubt your professionalism.
”
Flossie nodded sadly.
“I guess I’ll have to hit the gym.
”
Seeing Flossie’s resolve, Miley dropped the subject.
She straightened Flossie’s clothes, suggesting, “Have you got time later? Let’s grab a bite.
Stella’s joining us.
”
“Stella too? What’s the occasion?” Flossie teased.
“Do you have some big news to share with us?”
Miley grabbed her bag, unfazed.
“It’s Neville’s birthday today.
”
“Are we crashing the party if we join you then?” Flossie smirked.
Miley shook her head.
“No, we’re all friends.
Neville and I’d love to have you there.
Get changed.
I’ll pick you up at the office entrance.
”
With that, Miley spun around and departed.
In the parking lot, she pressed her key, but before she could move, several burly men surrounded her.
The leader, in a black jacket, loomed over her.
“Are you Miley Cullen?”
Miley took a step back, her eyes watchful.
“Yes, I am.
What’s going on?”
The man in black remained impassive.
“I’m sorry, but we need you to come with us.
Someone wants to see you.
”
Miley swallowed, her heart pounding in her chest.
She locked eyes with the man and reached into her bag for her phone, trying to appear composed.
“Who is it?”
The man offered a small smile.
His menacing presence was oddly paired with his polite demeanor.
“You’ll find out when we get there.
But…”
He trailed off, a slight smirk playing on his lips.
His gaze flicked to Miley’s bag.
“That wouldn’t be wise.
”
Before she could react, he snatched the bag.
“What are you doing?” Panic surged through Miley as she lunged for her bag.
The man held up a hand, retrieving her phone.
She’d dialed 911, but hadn’t connected.
He gave her a knowing smile, then shut off the phone with a smooth flick of his wrist.
With a wave of his hand, several figures materialized behind him, swiftly securing Miley.
“Let go of me!” Miley yelled, struggling against their grip.
But they simply tossed her into a waiting car.
###chapter1513
The moment the door slammed shut, the car lurched forward, speeding away.
Miley was squeezed between two burly men in the backseat.
She fought back a few times, but it was ultimately in vain.
“Who are you people? This is kidnapping!”
The man in the passenger seat didn’t even turn around.
His voice was flat.
“We’re just following orders.
Cooperate, and you won’t be hurt.
”
Miley scowled, darting a glance at the men flanking her.
She knew arguing was pointless.
She didn’t lose hope, however.
She believed Flossie would notice she was missing.
Her friends had to find her, fast.
Miley sank into silence, watching the cityscape shrink as the car sped towards the suburbs.
‘s BunnyBookery
The car wound its way for what felt like hours before finally pulling up by the sea.
The men bundled Miley out and onto a waiting yacht.
After a while, the yacht sputtered to a stop beside a lush island.
Miley eyed it warily, suspicion blooming on her face.
A grand manor occupied about a fifth of the island itself; it sprawled across the landscape.
The men ushered her off the yacht and towards the manor.
Stepping through the grand gates, Miley spotted a woman seated in the courtyard.
The woman appeared to be in her sixties, her pale hair styled impeccably with just a single, elegant diamond hairpin.
She wore a traditional dress, an emerald necklace, and a simple bracelet completing the picture of quiet refinement.
Miley frowned, trying to place the woman.
She was certain she’d never met anyone like her before.
The woman put the coffee cup on the table with a soft smile.
She waved the men off and turned to Miley.
Pointing at a chair, she said, “Please, have a seat.
I hope you don’t mind the unconventional way you arrived.
”
Miley remained standing, her gaze fixed on the woman.
A slow realization dawned on her.
Tentatively, she asked, “Are you Neville’s grandmother?”
Meanwhile, Flossie lingered at the door for what felt Like an eternity, but Miley never reappeared.
Her calls, too, went unanswered.
Just as she decided to check the underground garage, a car pulled up slowly in front of her.
Stella emerged, her gaze flitting past Flossie.
“Where’s Miley?”
Flossie furrowed her brow.
“She went to get the car.
Told me to change and wait downstairs, but…I’ve been waiting ages.
”
###chapter1514
Stella’s expression hardened.
“Let’s go.
”
They hurried down to the garage.
Miley’s car sat untouched, the driver’s side door hanging ajar.
A cold dread settled over Stella.
“Something’s wrong,” she muttered, her frown deepening.
In the grand mansion by the sea, the gentle sea breeze dances through the courtyard, whispering among the trees.
With a smile, Bertha Pierce addressed Miley, “You’re clever.
Yes, Neville’s my grandson.
”
Motioning towards the chair opposite her, she added, “Please, have a seat.
”
Miley met Bertha’s gaze and sensed her intention right away.
Unfazed, she replied, “You didn’t need to go to such Lengths to bring me here.
If you need something, you can just tell me.
”
“Let go of your anger.
” Bertha smiled as she gestured towards the coffee on the table.
“You’ve traveled far.
Take a break with some coffee.
”
Eyeing the coffee on the table, Miley remained cautious.
“Thanks for offering, but coffee’s not really my thing.
”
“What a pity! This coffee’s all the way from Saint Helena.
It’s got this smooth flavor,” Bertha said, devoid of any hint of disappointment.
Sipping from her coffee cup, she asked, “Miss Cullen, what’s your take on Neville?”
In an honest tone, Miley expressed, “He’s a great guy, always kind to me.
We’ve been through a lot to be together again.
I really love him.
Whatever comes our way, I’ll stick by his side.
”
With a serene face, Bertha said, “I believe in your love.
I’ve been young too, you know.
Back then, I was head over heels for someone who consumed my thoughts entirely.
But…”
Casting a glance at Miley, she changed the topic.
“But you can’t be Neville’s wife.
”
Miley bit her lip and clenched her fists.
Bertha cautioned, “Don’t bring up love when reality stares us in the face.
If you stick with him, he’ll face hardship ahead, and you won’t be able to lend a hand.
”
With determination shining in her eyes, Miley took a deep breath and replied, “I get where you’re coming from.
But I’ve got my own path to follow, and I’ll do everything I can to support Neville.
I won’t be a hindrance to him.
”
With a scornful snort, Bertha retorted, “Your career? Did you mean that modeling agency you’re managing now? You can’t afford more staff, so you also model, posing intimately with various men.
And back in college, your so-called part-time job was actually stripping in a club.
”
In the calmest voice imaginable, Bertha unleashed the cruelest words.
Each word felt like a sharp needle, stabbing into Miley’s skin and reopening old wounds.
She clenched her teeth tightly as her face turned pale.
Just a couple of years back, she was in college, eager to start her own business.
But the catch was, it needed a lot of money.
Caught in a moment of worry, she trusted others and accidentally ended up as a dancer in a club.
###chapter1515
It was a time of great suffering and eventual escape.
Those were the darkest chapters of her life.
She never thought Bertha would find out so quickly.
Struggling to compose herself, Miley stared at Bertha, asking, “What do you want?”
As her smile vanished, Bertha’s voice turned cold.
“Neville’s parents trusted me with him.
It’s best if you two break up.
Leave Seamarsh and never return to him again.
”
“Absolutely not!” Miley declared firmly.
“I’m not abandoning Neville or Seamarsh.
If that’s your only request, I can’t make any promises.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Bertha was taken aback by Miley’s resilience.
Her expression changed, and she couldn’t resist raising her voice.
“If you refuse to leave him, I have plenty of ways to ruin your reputation.
”
Miley was stunned.
She understood that her dignity meant little to super-rich people like Bertha.
She hadn’t committed any wrongs and had been striving hard to build her life.
Was it right for her to face such judgment just because she fell in love with Neville?
Miley was boiling with anger, on the brink of losing her cool with Bertha.
But she understood that getting angry wouldn’t fix anything.
Ever since she decided to be with Neville again, she had anticipated situations Like this.
After facing numerous challenges together, she and Neville had become inseparable.
Since they had overcome past difficulties, she was determined not to give in this time.
After careful consideration, she declared with determination, “I’m sticking with Neville no matter what.
You can try anything, but I’ll stand my ground until the end.
”
After that, Miley turned and prepared to leave.
But the moment she turned, the men who had just left reappeared, blocking her path.
Miley met Bertha’s gaze with determination.
“Are you forcing me to stay? I understand your family is wealthy, but is Neville aware of your actions?”
A flicker of slyness crossed Bertha’s eyes, but it vanished just as quickly.
Miley noticed the change in expression and pressed on.
“You know Neville better than I do.
If you keep me here against my will, I can’t guarantee things won’t turn ugly.
”
Bertha studied Miley for a moment before sighing.
“Take some time to consider my advice.
But don’t be too stubborn.
”
With that, she instructed the bodyguards to escort Miley back.
Once they had left, Bertha narrowed her eyes, lost in thought.
Lee, the housekeeper, approached and poured her another cup of hot coffee.
“Mrs.
Pierce, are you truly letting her go so easily?”
Bertha sighed, her gaze fixed on the departing yacht.
“This girl is a handful.
Unfortunately, her timing is terrible.
”
She adjusted her shawl and continued, “Before my husband passed, I promised him I’d maintain the family business.
Pierce Group is in turmoil as it is.
We can’t have a woman of a lowly background entering the picture.
If this persists, I fear Pierce Group…”
Bertha trailed off with a heavy sigh.
###chapter1516
Lee inquired cautiously, “What now?”
Her face grim, Bertha said coldly, “I’ll find a way to keep them apart.
”
Meanwhile, Miley disembarked from the yacht and got into the car to leave.
Ideally, she’d hail a taxi, but the remote location made that unlikely.
As soon as she settled in, the man returned her bag.
Miley checked her phone.
Three hours had passed, and it was filled with missed calls from Stella and Flossie.
Taking a deep breath, she dialed Stella’s number.
The call connected immediately.
Stella’s voice crackled with worry.
“Miley, where were you? What happened?”
Miley replied calmly, “I’m okay.
Just a big order at the parking lot.
We can talk about it later.
”
Back in the downtown area, Bertha’s words echoed in Miley’s mind.
A heavy weight settled in her heart.
Miley wrestled with whether to tell Neville about the day’s events.
Bertha was his grandmother; she didn’t want to put him in a difficult position.
But avoiding the issue wouldn’t make it disappear.
Bertha might take even stronger measures next time.
Miley tried to push the worry aside until she saw Stella and Flossie waiting for her.
Stella rushed over, her eyes scanning Miley for any injuries.
Relief washed over her face when she saw Miley was unharmed.
“I told you I was fine,” Miley said with a relaxed air.
“See?”
Flossie couldn’t hide her concern.
“We couldn’t find you anywhere in the parking lot.
We checked the security footage and saw men force you into a car.
We called you nonstop, but you didn’t answer.
We were terrified!”
Miley brushed her hair back from her face, feigning composure.
“It was just a big client who throws extravagant events.
A bit secretive, that’s all.
Sorry I worried you both.
”
“Thank God you’re okay,” Stella said, taking Miley’s arm.
“It’s getting late.
Let’s head to the hotel.
Neville and Matthew are waiting.
They are getting anxious.
”
Miley offered a noncommittal nod.
Back in the car, the scenery passing by the window blurred as Miley replayed Bertha’s words in her head.
Sensing her friend’s preoccupation, Stella asked, “What’s on your mind?”
###chapter1517
Miley blinked, momentarily pulled from her thoughts.
She started to say everything was fine, then stopped herself.
A hint of sadness crept into her voice.
“Stella, do you think a future with Neville is even possible?”
Stella’s brow furrowed, puzzled by Miley’s strange inquiry.
After a moment’s contemplation, she clasped her hand reassuringly.
“You and Neville are destined for marriage.
The trials you’ve endured to reunite speak volumes; it’s a bond to be cherished.
”
“Really?” Miley’s confusion lingered, but Stella’s words eased the tension coiling within her.
She needed to trust Neville.
Upon their arrival at the restaurant, they found Neville waiting for them anxiously.
Spotting Miley, he enfolded her in a tight embrace.
“What kind of client scheduled a meeting on this special day? If it weren’t for Stella tipping me off, I would’ve whisked you away from the office myself.
”
Miley shot a grateful glance at Stella.
With a nod and a forced smile, she changed the subject.
“Today’s your birthday.
Won’t your parents be disappointed if you’re not with them?”
Neville ruffled her hair affectionately.
“I’ve already told them today is ours.
We’ll celebrate together tomorrow.
”
Before Miley could respond, a knock sounded at the door.
The waiter wheeled in the dining cart, placing dishes on the table with precision.
With Miley nestled against him, Neville took a seat.
“Let’s dig in; everyone’s here.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
During the meal, Miley’s mind wandered, lost in her own reverie.
Unaware of her distraction, Matthew broached a topic.
“Prosperity Group has partnered with four major investment firms on a lucrative project.
It’s challenging, but it’s a big opportunity.
Would you consider joining us?”
Neville waved a dismissive hand.
“I appreciate the offer, but I don’t have billions lying around to invest with Prosperity Group.
Perhaps another time.
”
Matthew understood and didn’t press further.
But Miley’s interest sparked.
She turned to Neville, curiosity gleaming in her eyes.
“Why turn down such an opportunity? Pierce Group is reputable, and if Mr.
Clark is proposing this, it indicates he holds you in high regard.
”
Neville was struck by disbelief.
He hadn’t anticipated Miley’s sudden interest in his company’s affairs.
With a composed demeanor, he clarified, “Pierce Group is facing a challenging period.
We’re strapped for cash at the moment.
”
Miley’s confusion was palpable.
To her, the logic was plain and simple.
If Matthew deemed a project valuable, surely it held profit potential.
Neville had no grounds to back out.
Turning to Matthew, she asked with a probing gaze, “Mr.
Clark, could you possibly integrate Neville into your project?”
Matthew remained silent, his eyes fixed on Neville.
###chapter1518
Caught off guard by Miley’s unexpected behavior, Neville furrowed his brow, sensing a shift in her demeanor.
Puzzled, he questioned, “Miley, what’s gotten into you today?”
Realizing her lapse in judgment, Miley quickly composed herself, averting Neville’s gaze.
“Nothing.
I just want to see progress.
”
Neville gently squeezed her shoulder, offering a reassuring smile.
“I understand.
Rest assured, I’m already putting in the effort.
”
Grasping her hand firmly, he continued, “Have faith, Miley.
I’ll uphold my promise.
”
As if on cue, the waiter arrived with the cake.
“Let’s set aside business for this joyous occasion,” Neville suggested, gesturing for the lights to dim.
The atmosphere seemed to ease a bit.
The room plunged into darkness, voices rising in unison to sing a birthday melody.
As the song concluded, the guests cheered, “Make a wish!”
Bathed in the warm glow of candlelight, Neville’s cute face lit up with a radiant smile.
He clasped Miley’s hand tenderly, declaring, “My wish this year is to make you my wife.
”
With a single exhale, he extinguished the flickering flames.
Miley’s eyes welled with emotion at his heartfelt birthday wish, though she rema
ined composed.
Deep down, she knew the chasm between Neville and herself was vast.
She bit her lip in potent silence.
Following the birthday festivities, Neville escorted Miley home.
Upon his return, a phone call stirred him to drive back home swiftly.
In the living room, Bertha sat poised, her demeanor taut with seriousness.
As Neville stepped into the room, a palpable tension hung in the air, though he attempted to diffuse it with a playful grin.
“Grandma, what brings you here at this hour? Why didn’t you tell me you were coming? I would have fetched you myself.
”
With solemn gravity, Bertha wasted no time in broaching the matter.
“I met with Miley today.
”
A chill ran down Neville’s spine, connecting the dots between Miley’s odd behavior and his grandmother’s unexpected appearance.
“So that’s why Miley was acting strangely,” he muttered under his breath.
###chapter1519
Meeting Bertha’s gaze, his expression darkened.
“What did you say to her?”
Bertha’s features hardened, her displeasure evident.
“I simply urged her to confront reality.
”
With a swift motion, she produced a contract, tossing it on the coffee table before them.
Curiously, Neville glanced at it.
“What’s this?”
“Your choices are clear now,” Bertha declared.
“Either part ways with Miley, or secure us this lucrative deal.
”
Neville opened the contract and read carefully.
Bertha continued, “Pierce Group is facing a significant funding shortfall for a project it has undertaken.
Your parents and I have been trying to fix it before, but now it is worsening.
We have to tell you about it.
”
Neville frowned after reading the document.
“How could this be?” he asked in shock.
Bertha sighed and continued, “It might be a trap set by Susie’s father.
”
Neville’s hand holding the contract was trembling slightly.
He believed he had resolved the matter between him and Susie.
It had been a while, after all.
Bertha sensed his doubts and reminded him.
“You humiliated Susie, and quite badly.
She’d definitely take any opportunity for revenge.
Pierce Group still has a debt to pay.
If the bank called in the loan, we might not be able to survive.
”
Neville forced himself to stay calm.
“What happens if we fail?”
“Worst case, Pierce Group goes bankrupt, as Susie’s father wants.
”
Bertha’s voice was low.
The weight of her words hit Neville.
He pondered for a moment.
“So, you wa
nt me to land this big order? If we get it, we’ll have enough money to save the company?”
Bertha nodded.
“There’s another option.
A marriage alliance with someone else.
”
Without a beat, Neville declared, “Don’t worry, Grandma, I’ll definitely secure this project!”
A flicker of surprise crossed Bertha’s face.
She knew Neville’s motives, but she hadn’t expected her once-playboy grandson to take such a big leap for a single woman.
Neville’s jaw was set.
It was time for him to take action, for Miley and their future together.
Meanwhile, Matthew returned Stella to Prosper Bay.
Stewing over the day’s events, Stella voiced her unease.
“Miley seemed awfully out of character today.
She was suddenly interested in business for some reason.
”
Matthew considered this.
“Pierce Group is facing internal and external challenges.
She just got back with Neville, she’s Likely worried about him.
”
###chapter1520
“Is it that bad?” Stella murmured.
“Why don’t you help them then?”
Matthew’s eyes darkened.
“This is a test for Neville.
He needs to handle this himself to truly protect Miley.
”
Stella nodded thoughtfully.
Matthew’s point made sense.
A few days later, Liz’s fashion show commenced as planned.
The theme was illusion, with most of the stage decorations made of glass.
Stella arrived early to cheer for Flossie.
Backstage, she found Flossie in the dressing room, newly changed and working on her hair.
Stella was momentarily struck by her friend’s beauty.
She held back nothing.
“You look stunning today, Flossie! Like a heavenly fairy!”
Flossie blinked.
“It’s been a while since my last show.
I must admit, I’m a little nervous.
”
Stella offered a warm smile.
“Don’t worry, you’ve got this.
You’re the best and the most beautiful one here.
Confidence is key!”
Their conversation was interrupted as the dressing room door burst open.
A girl anxiously rushed in.
“Are you finished yet? Jessica’s been waiting and getting impatient.
”
The makeup artist, Sia, glanced apologetically at Flossie.
Jessica was Liz’s lead model.
She was a notoriously arrogant woman who enjoyed flaunting her power around.
Working with her was a constant struggle.
Sia wanted to avoid pissing Jessica off, but at the same time, she wasn’t finished with Flossie yet.
Flossie, however, offered a gentle smile.
“It’s perfectly alright.
You can work on her first.
I’m not in a rush.
”
“Thank you so much.
” Relief washed over Sia’s face.
“I’ll be back with you as soon as possible.
”
With that, she hurried out with the girl.
Alone again, Flossie and Stella exchanged glances.
Stella offered a reassuring smile.
“While you were gone, Jessica snatched up almost all the lead roles for major shows.
She’s been basking in the limelight, and Sia’s a talented artist.
Jessica specifically requested her tonight.
It’s natural for Sia to prioritize her under the circumstances.
”
Flossie remained silent, a swirl of emotions clouding her face.
Stella offered a comforting pat on the shoulder.
“But listen, you are a hundred times more beautiful than her! Once you step onto that stage, you’ll be the night’s undisputed star.
”
Stella’s encouragement reignited Flossie’s spirit.
“I’ll give it my alu!”
###chapter1521
As she spoke, her gaze dropped to her midsection, a tenderness flickering in her eyes.
She murmured to herself, “Cheer for Mommy, alright?”
Stella then summoned her assistant makeup artist to work on Flossie.
After the makeover, Flossie’s easygoing nature drew praise from the other models.
“She’s so much more approachable than Jessica!” someone whispered.
Another chimed in, “Right.
Without Jessica’s sugar daddy’s influence, how’d she get promoted so quickly? Everyone knows about her and Liz’s boss…”
Their gossip was cut short by the abrupt opening of the door.
It was Jessica.
As Jessica walked in, people fell silent and quickly moved aside.
Jessica acknowledged the crowd with a glance but said nothing.
Walking slowly behind Flossie, she caught her reflection in the mirror.
Her eyes shone with disdain as she asked, “Are you Flossie?”
Flossie didn’t want to get into a pre-show argument.
“Yes, I’m Flossie.
Nice to meet you,” she said, smiling.
Jessica scoffed.
“You haven’t worked for a long time.
Impressive to land such a big offer for your comeback.
” Her tone was laced with mockery.
Unfazed, Flossie maintained a calm smile.
“Thank you, Jessica.
I know it’s a great opportunity, but my abilities earned it.
”
Jessica’s expression darkened.
Flossie’s direct response seemed to catch her off guard.
After a moment, she muttered, “We’ll see what you can do out there.
”
Flossie simply nodded.
With a final snort, Jessica turned and left.
The room erupted in hushed whispers as she exited.
“Such arrogance,” someone muttered.
“She’s always been this way.
I hope Flossie shines tonight and puts her in her place,” another chimed in.
Stella reached out and squeezed Flossie’s hand in silent support.
Flossie offered a reassuring smile in return.
The show began smoothly, the first few rounds going without a hitch.
Flossie took the stage with confidence, the spotlight finding her as cheers erupted from the audience.
A smile graced her lips as she glided down the runway.
After a few rounds, she seemed to rediscover her stage presence, effortlessly controlling the rhythm of her steps.
###chapter1522
Across the stage, Jessica glared at Flossie, no longer the center of attention.
The final round arrived, and Flossie returned to the stage.
Head held high, she took a few confident steps before a wave of nausea washed over her.
Determined not to show it, she maintained her smile.
After completing the final pose, she turned and began to walk off.
Jessica began her last walk at the same time.
Her lips curled as they approached each other.
Just as they were about to pass, Flossie, consumed by the growing discomfort in her stomach, failed to notice Jessica’s movement.
Jessica seized the opportunity and struck Flossie with a blow.
Caught off guard, Flossie tumbled to the runway.
Gasps and shouts erupted from the audience.
Flossie instinctively clutched her stomach, a sharp pain shooting through her arms.
Glancing down, she spotted a bleeding gash on her arm, caused by a nearby glass decoration that shattered from the impact.
Chaos erupted.
A representative from the Liz brand rushed out, pleading for order.
“Everyone, please calm down…”
Stella was the first to react.
She reached Flossie and helped her up.
Noticing the wound, she asked anxiously, “Flossie, are you alright?
Hold on tight.
I’m calling a doctor now.
”
She fetched her phone and dialed emergency services.
Flossie winced, unable to pinpoint whether the source of the throbbing pain was in her arm or stomach.
It seemed to radiate throughout her body.
She gritted her teeth as pain wracked her body.
“Don’t worry; help is on the way.
An ambulance is coming.
I’ll take you straight to the hospital.
” Stella wiped sweat from her brow, then turned to a nearby staff member.
“Stay with her, please.
I’ll get her some medicine and a change of clothes.
”
The staff member nodded and took over from Stella.
Suddenly, a man sprinted onto the stage, scooped up Flossie, and declared, “I’ll take her to the hospital!
The stunned staff member recognized him.
It was Colin Yates, the sponsor of the show.
She’d heard rumors of his influence, but seeing him personally intervene in a stage mishap was unexpected.
“Mr.
Yates…”
###chapter1523
Ignoring her, Colin held Flossie close and hurried towards the exit.
“Hold on, I’m taking you to the hospital right away,” he reassured her.
The unfamiliar voice jolted Flossie awake.
Recognition flickered in her eyes, but the pain stole her voice.
She managed a weak, “Thank you,” her voice trembling.
Colin furrowed his brow.
“Save your energy; don’t talk.
”
The vehicle sped through streets before sharply coming to a stop at the hospital’s entrance.
Colin made sure to comfort her all the while.
The sharp scent of disinfectant brought a flicker of awareness.
Flossie grasped Colin’s hand, shaking her head weakly.
“Take… Take me to see a gynecologist…”
Colin paused and quietly observed Flossie.
Gathering all her courage, Flossie said, “I’ve fallen.
I’m not sure if the baby’s okay.
Can you take me to the gynecologist?”
Colin pressed his lips together, remaining silent.
He then turned and made his way to the gynecology department.
While Flossie was being examined, Colin waited outside.
About thirty minutes later, the doctor emerged, announcing, “Everything’s fine with the baby, but it’s best if she rests and avoids high heels for now since she showed signs of miscarriage.
”
Colin listened in silence, nodded to the doctor, and entered the examination room to help Flossie with her injury.
A sense of relief crossed Flossie’s face upon hearing the baby was alright.
Colin then picked her up, carried her to the treatment room for further care, and left.
The moment the door shut, Flossie’s phone started ringing.
Noticing it was Stella on the caller ID, Colin peeked into the treatment room and took the call for her, stating simply, “Flossie’s in the hospital right now.
”
After a brief pause, Stella responded, “Thank you.
I’m on my way.
Please look after her for me.
”
Colin agreed and ended the call.
He entered the room and informed Flossie, “Someone named Stella called you.
I let her know you’re here at the hospital.
”
Flossie nodded and said, “Thanks.
”
The doctor placed the medicine on the table and Looked over Flossie’s arm.
“This wound is a bit deep and needs stitches.
I’ll numb the area first,” he explained as he got ready to prepare the anesthetic.
###chapter1524
Flossie became anxious.
“Doctor, I’d rather not have the anesthetic.
”
The doctor stopped and looked at her seriously.
“Do you have an allergy to any medicines? We need to stitch this up or it won’t heal properly.
It’ll be really painful without the numbing agent.
Most people can’t handle that kind of pain.
”
Colin tried to convince her.
“You should listen to the doctor.
”
But Flossie continued to resist, her eyes filling with tears.
“Doctor, I’m pregnant.
The numbing agent could affect the baby.
Please just stitch it up.
I can handle the pain.
”
The doctor hesitated for a moment before he put the syringe back.
“Alright, brace yourself.
”
Colin remained silent, a storm of confusion brewing in his eyes.
He couldn’t recall Flossie ever mentioning a husband or a boyfriend.
How could she be pregnant?
And if she showed signs of miscarriage, she shouldn’t be on the show.
What was really going on with her?
Lost in his thoughts, Colin watched as the doctor started stitching Flossie’s wound.
Flossie couldn’t help but cry out in pain.
The doctor looked up at Colin.
“Talking with her family could help ease her pain.
”
Suddenly, Colin felt awkward and was at a loss for words.
He touched his nose, not sure what to do.
Flossie said, “Thanks for bringing me to the hospital.
If you’ve got things to do, you can head out.
My friend will be here soon.
”
“It’s no trouble at all,” Colin replied.
“You got hurt during the show.
As your
boss, it’s my responsibility to make sure you’re okay.
”
Flossie frowned.
“I appreciate your concern.
It’s my fault this happened.
I’m really sorry.
”
Just as he was about to reassure her that it was okay, he suddenly yelped in pain.
Looking down, he saw Flossie biting his arm.
She grimaced and shut her eyes, clearly in a lot of pain.
Hearing his yelp, Flossie let go of her bite.
But then she heard Colin say, “If it helps with the pain, go ahead and bite.
Don’t worry about me.
”
Colin gently patted her shoulder, trying to comfort her.
Flossie began to drift out of consciousness.
The pain was spreading from her arm throughout her body, making her skin ache.
Sweat covered her forehead, and her face turned pale from the pain.
###chapter1525
Colin felt terrible seeing her like this.
He gritted his teeth, trying to stay quiet, but still reached out to wipe the sweat from Flossie’s forehead.
Seeing this, the doctor commented with a smile, “Your husband is really thoughtful.
”
Flossie was in so much pain she couldn’t hear the doctor’s instructions.
When Colin heard “husband,” he frowned slightly.
He didn’t speak, just said, “That’s my duty.
”
Twenty minutes later, the doctor finished stitching.
“Keep her arm dry for a few days,” he advised Colin.
“And no spicy food or alcohol.
Come back in ten days for a check-up.
”
Colin gave a small nod.
After the doctor left, he leaned down, concern etched on his face.
“How are you feeling? Still in pain?”
Flossie shook her head weakly.
“I’m okay.
Just need some rest.
”
Looking down, she noticed the bite marks on Colin’s arm and felt a wave of embarrassment and guilt.
“I’m so sorry.
I lost control and was rude earlier.
Do your injuries need attention?” Flossie asked.
Colin shrugged, casually rolling down his sleeve.
“Don’t worry about it.
If it weren’t for today, you wouldn’t be hurt.
I’m glad I could share the pain.
”
Flossie nodded.
Someone in his position, she thought, would be indifferent.
But the kindness he’d shown so far surprised her.
She was deeply moved.
Flossie was about to rest when the memory of her pregnancy hit.
She turned to Colin.
“Colin…”
“Something wrong? Speak up.
I’ll help if I can.
” Colin raised his gaze
.
Flossie pursed her lips, then spoke carefully.
“About the pregnancy…
Can you keep it a secret?”
Colin paused, then considering her job, agreed.
“Alright.
But the doctor said your pregnancy is unstable.
He advised you get more rest and avoid high-intensity shows.
If something happens, it could be dangerous for you and the baby.
”
Flossie lowered her head, a reluctant reply escaping her lips.
“I understand.
”
As she spoke, the door to the room swung open.
Stella and Miley burst in, worry etched on their faces.
Miley immediately spotted the bandage on Flossie’s arm.
Her voice choked with emotion.
“After all your hard work for a comeback, why did this happen? Why did you have to suffer?”
Flossie furrowed her brow.
The runway incident replayed in her mind.
Everything happened so fast, but she knew it wasn’t an accident.
###chapter1526
Before she could speak, Stella cut in, her voice laced with anger.
“Jessica did it.
”
“What? Are you serious?” Miley’s eyes widened in shock.
Stella brandished her phone.
“I filmed Flossie’s walk.
It clearly shows Jessica deliberately bumping her, causing the fall.
”
Miley snatched the phone, her anger simmering as she scrutinized the video.
Flossie pieced together the runway events.
“When I returned for the closing, she brushed by me, then suddenly stepped towards me…”
“That woman!” Miley fumed.
She forced down her anger as Colin was there.
“Colin, this happened at your venue.
Jessica works for you.
I hope you can offer Flossie an explanation.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Colin remained silent for a moment before speaking sternly.
“An investigation is underway.
If someone deliberately sabotaged my show, they won’t get away with it.
”
His suddenly phone buzzed.
“Excuse me,” he said, taking out his phone.
His expression instantly darkened as he glanced at the screen.
It was Jessica c
alling.
Glancing at them, Colin remarked, “Hold up, I need to take that phone call.
”
Then he dashed out of the room.
Down the hall, he grabbed the ringing phone.
“What’s happening?”
After a moment on the line, he scowled and replied, “Got it.
I’m on my way.
”
With that said, he clicked off and strolled back into the ward.
Stella and Miley glanced at him but kept chatting with Flossie.
Seeing Colin solo, Flossie felt a bit awkward.
“Mr.
Yates, if you have things to do, don’t worry about me.
I’ll be alright.
”
Colin waved it off.
“I’ve got my crew handling Liz’s matter.
I’m sticking around till you’re in the clear.
”
Stella grinned.
“Thanks, Mr.
Yates.
Flossie owes you one when she’s back on her feet.
”
Then she turned to Flossie.
“You’re hurt.
Call your beau to come look after you.
”
Thinking of the baby in her belly, Flossie hesitated before shaking her head.
“No, I’m good with your company.
I’ll milk his care later.
Remember when I was stuck in that snowstorm? He braved it all to find me and nursed me back for days.
###chapter1527
Miley and Stella rolled their eyes.
“Alright, stop rubbing it in.
We’re green with envy.
”
Hearing Flossie, Colin felt a pang of bitterness.
The first time he laid eyes on her, Flossie was just hitting the big time.
That day, she sparkled on stage, beaming with confidence.
The stage lights mirrored her radiant grin, like she was meant for that spotlight.
He’d never seen someone fit for a fashion show like her.
But soon, he jetted off abroad, losing sight of her for ages.
As dusk fell, Flossie was discharged, catching some rest.
After bidding goodbye to her friends, Colin drove home.
As he entered, Jessica leapt at him, clinging to his arm.
“Colin, why’d you keep me waiting?”
Colin brushed her off, his face icy.
Jessica puzzled over his odd demeanor but then it hit her.
Chasing after him, she tugged his sleeve.
“Colin, I messed up.
The show, it’s on me.
”
Charlie said nothing.
Jessica shifted blame onto Flossie.
“It’s all her fault! It’s been ages since she strutted her stuff.
She probably forgot the drill.
Don’t sweat it, Colin.
Don’t stoop to her level.
”
Her eyes narrowed, reminding herself of their one-night fling.
Jessica figured she could play the spoiled card like usual but Colin’s expression kept darkening.
She was baffled.
“Colin, what’s eating you today?”
Colin eyed her and then got straight to the point.
“Did you push Flossie on stage?”
Jessica panicked, blurting out denial, “What? She tripped herself.
How could you even think that?”
She snuggled against him, pleading, “Don’t be mad.
We’ve been together for years.
You know me.
I wouldn’t sabotage your show, would I?”
She studied him, unsure.
###chapter1528
This was the first time she’d seen him like this.
Colin’s smile turned cold and his gaze grew fierce.
He gripped Jessica’s neck.
“Colin, what are you doing?” Jessica struggled as she tried to pull his hand away.
He held her firmly and asked, “Why do you think I keep you around?”
Gasping for air, Jessica couldn’t speak.
Colin continued, “Because I thought you were decent and useful.
Quit pushing it! Get out of here right now!”
With that, he shoved Jessica to the floor.
When Stella arrived home, Matthew was already in the living room, waiting for her.
Several versions of the accident of Liz show circulated on the internet, and Matthew had seen some of them himself.
Taking Stella in his arms, he carried her back to their room.
He put her down on the edge of the bed and offered words of comfort.
“The good thing is that Flossie’s fine.
It’ll only be a matter of time before we find out the truth.
”
Stella answered with a wordless nod.
Matthew’s hands went to her head, rubbing the tension from her temples.
He took out refined photos and showed them to her.
“The wedding photos we took a few days ago are ready.
Pick one.
”
“Already? Nice!” His words took away all of Stella’s gloom.
Her eyes lit up and she jumped excitedly in his arms.
She took the photo, turning around and laying on her stomach to see them better.
“These are so beautiful.
It’s impossible to choose.
”
Matthew watched her pour all her attention into selecting the pictures.
His hand gently stroked her back, and the mood between them slowly changed.
Stella had been neglecting him for a few days now, and needless to say, he was feeling more and more frustrated.
He leaned over, ki*sing her ear.
“You don’t have to decide now.
You can take your time choosing later.
How long are you going to keep ignoring me?”
Before Stella could say anything, his lips claimed hers.
The ki*s was hot, with undercurrents of need and urgency that had piled up over the past days.
Matthew pressed his lips firmly against hers, as if he wanted to devour her.
Stella felt her breath pick up at his hunger.
He turned over and pressed her against his chest, with one hand on her back, pulling her to him.
His other hand found the back of her head, pulling her impossibly closer.
The ki*s deepened with each second.
Matthew didn’t let Stella go until she was almost out of breath.
He opened his eyes slowly and looked down at her.
Some of the hunger in his eyes had been sated, and Stella explained in a low voice, “I wasn’t neglecting you.
It’s just that I’ve been busy with Bella recently, and there’s also that matter with my friend.
More importantly, it’s not just us in here.
”
###chapter1529
Matthew knew she was talking about Haley.
“There are only the two of us in this room now.
” His voice was low and smooth, sending shivers across her skin.
Holding her face, he ki*sed her again.
His lips trailed soft ki*ses to the back of her ears, where the skin was more sensitive.
Her gasps fell sweetly on his ears, her skin burning wherever his lips reached.
Matthew’s eyes roamed all over her dress, the black fabric bringing out her skin.
The material hugged her waist, tracing her curves perfectly and the high slit design of her skirt made her legs look longer.
Instinctively, his hands tightened around her waist.
His hand went to her jaw, turning her head so that he could ki*s her again.
He let out a breath, the warm air tracing her ear as his arms tightened around her.
Stella surrendered to her own desire.
The heat in the room rose as two bodies molded into each other.
Stella lay heaving on top of the bed, her clothes littered all over the floor.
She felt light-headed from pleasure, and begged for mercy from Matthew.
“Matthew, please…I feel like dying.
”
Taking pity on her, Matthew paused.
However, he only gave Stella two minutes to catch her breath before he turned over and started again.
Stella’s body couldn’t take his intense lovemaking.
When she couldn’t stand it anymore, she bit down on his broad shoulder, leaving two rows of deep indents on his skin.
However, Matthew was unfazed.
It was as if he didn’t even feel her teeth.
Stella opened her eyes tiredly, panting as she asked, “Doesn’t it hurt?”
Matthew looked down at her and said, “You can bite harder.
”
His hot breath swept over her skin, making her whole body burn.
When it was over, Stella felt boneless.
She didn’t even have the strength to lift her arm
s.
Matthew finally let her go, placing a gentle, apologetic ki*s on her forehead as he rubbed her back.
Under his careful ministrations, Stella closed her eyes and soon fell asleep.
It was late when Flossie returned home.
The living room was dark.
She lowered her head in disappointment.
She assumed Benny was asleep, so she tiptoed to her room.
The door creaked open, revealing Benny standing by the window, his back to her.
He was on the phone.
Flossie froze in surprise.
###chapter1530
The door sound alerted Benny, who ended the call abruptly.
He turned, gave Flossie a brief glance, and said indifferently, “You’re back.
”
He started to look away, then stopped, noticing the injury on her arm.
A frown creased his brow as he strode towards her, taking her arm firmly.
“Didn’t you go to the show? Why are you hurt?”
Flossie shook her head, trying to free herself.
“It’s nothing.
Just bumped into a model and fell.
”
His grip tightened.
“Who?” he demanded, his brow furrowed.
Flossie struggled but couldn’t break free.
“Jessica Gomez,” she admitted.
Benny frowned further.
Exhaustion ached through Flossie.
“I’m tired.
I need to rest.
”
Seeing her fatigue, Benny released her arm.
She walked past him, opened the wardrobe, and pulled out her pajamas.
A wince of pain crossed her face as she went to take off her dress.
She glanced at the gauze on her arm before continuing to undress.
Just then, she felt Benny’s hand at her shoulder.
“Let me help,” he said softly from behind.
With gentle care, Benny untied her dress and assisted her into her pajamas.
Flossie’s heart warmed at his attentiveness.
“You’re so thoughtful, Benny.
You treat me so well.
No wonder my friends are all jealous.
”
Benny smiled.
“Don’t worry, I’ll always take good care of you.
”
His words hung in the air, and a strange sense of peace settled over him.
Perhaps he did like Flossie.
Having her near brought a sense of comfort.
“Alright, get some sleep,” Benny murmured, pulling her into a hug as they settled onto the bed.
He watched her breathing slow and steady until she drifted off to sleep.
Then, his gaze fell on the vibrating phone on the nightstand.
Tt was Edmund.
###chapter1531
Benny carefully untangled himself from Flossie and stepped outside to answer the call.
“I saw the news about the Liz fashion show.
How’s Flossie?” Edmund’s voice crackled with concern.
“She’s alright, sleeping now,” Benny replied curtly.
“Who was it?” Edmund pressed in a low voice.
“Jessica Gomez,” said Benny coldly.
“I see.
Take care of her.
” With that, Edmund ended the call.
The insistent buzz of the alarm clock jolted Stella awake the next morning.
She silenced the alarm and rose from the bed.
Today, she was headed to an art exhibition, hoping to spark some inspiration for fixing Bella’s test dress.
By the time Stella finished breakfast, Matthew had already left for Prosperity Group.
Grabbing her bag, she was about to head out when Haley’s voice stopped her.
“Stella, are you going out? Can I come with you? I’m bored out of my mind here.
”
A slight smile played on Stella’s lips.
“Sure, come along.
”
Haley’s face lit up.
“Great! I’ll just go get changed.
”
Stella spun around and retreated to her room.
She grabbed her phone and sent a message to Kristian.
Kristian’s response was swift.
“We need to take action today.
”
Stella took Haley to the art exhibition.
A throng of homeless men clustered near the entrance, anticipating the influx of visitors.
They all hoped to snag some money.
Stella reached into her wallet and handed one man a hundred-dollar bill.
They entered the hall.
The exhibition showcased the latest works of various masters, all adhering to the traditional classical style Bella favored.
Stella found herself captivated by the exhibits.
Haley, however, wandered around listlessly, her mind far from appreciating the masterpieces.
Suddenly, Stella pointed to a piece.
“Look at the clean lines on that shirt.
It’s a classic design, wouldn’t you say?”
She turned to find Haley looking startled.
“Yes, you’re right,” Haley answered, averting her gaze.
Fearing further questions, she quickly changed the subject.
“I’m feeling a bit drained.
Could we take a break at the coffee shop next door?”
###chapter1532
Stella readily agreed.
“Sure, head on over.
I’ll catch up when I’m finished here.
”
Haley hurried towards the coffee shop, reaching for the glass door.
But it was heavier than she expected and wouldn’t budge.
Frustration bubbled within her.
‘s BunnyBookery
She dialed Kristian’s number, her voice laced with anger.
“There hasn’t been an opportunity.
”
“Just hurt her hand, Haley! Don’t get soft!” Kristian snapped back.
“Alright,” Haley muttered, hanging up.
Gazing intently at the door, a plan began to form in her mind.
Meanwhile, Stella emerged from the exhibition and went to find Haley.
She approached the coffee shop and reached for the door.
It appeared stuck.
She pushed again, using her other hand to brace herself.
Finally, the door cracked open.
Just then, a figure darted from the other side, attempting to slam it shut.
Startled, Stella yanked her hand back, but it was too late.
The heavy door slammed into her right hand, sending a jolt of searing pain through her.
Blood gushed out instantly, staining the glass door.
Stella’s mind went blank.
A searing pain stole her breath, and her legs buckled, sending her crashing to her knees.
Through blurry vision, she saw a man dressed like a homeless person mutter an apology before running away.
The shop assistant, alerted by the commotion, rushed out.
“Miss, are you alrig
ht?” he asked urgently, already dialing for an ambulance on his phone.
A crowd gathered, but no one stepped forward to help.
The assistant hung up and scanned the bystanders.
“Someone, please!
Help!”
Seeing the scene unfold, a satisfied smile played on Haley’s lips.
Feigning concern, she grabbed her bag and hurried over.
“Stella! What happened? Your hand! How did this get hurt?”
Her worried tone contrasted sharply with the furtive glance she cast towards the fleeing homeless man.
Stella, consumed by the throbbing pain, couldn’t form a coherent thought.
Staring at her bloodied hand, she knew she was in big trouble.
###chapter1533
Suddenly, her phone started ringing.
Haley fumbled through Stella’s bag, pulling out the phone and glancing at the screen.
Matthew’s name sent a jolt of nervousness through her.
Taking a deep breath to steady herself, Haley answered, “Matthew…”
“Why are you answering Stella’s phone? Where is she?” Matthew asked sternly.
Suddenly, he heard Stella’s cry in the background.
Matthew tensed.
“What happened? Put Stella on!”
“Stella hurt her hand by the cafe door.
It’s bleeding a lot,” Haley chocked out.
Matthew’s heart lurched.
He hadn’t expected Stella to get hurt while he was away for a moment.
“Did you call an ambulance? I’m on my way.
”
Just then, the wail of a siren filled the air.
“The ambulance is here,” Haley said hurriedly.
“I’m taking her to the hospital.
”
The call ended abruptly.
Haley stowed the phone and helped the paramedics get Stella into the ambulance.
Inside the ambulance, a doctor tended to Stella’s wound.
Initially, Haley feigned excessive concern.
But as Stella grew distracted, she fell silent, observing quietly.
Slipping her phone out of sight, Haley sent a quick message to Kristian.
“It’s done.
Your turn.
”
At the hospital, Stella was whisked into a treatment room, Haley following close behind.
The doctor examined the X-rays, then spoke calmly.
“Two broken fingers.
They’ll need
to be immobilized for at least a month.
”
Stella’s face paled.
“How long before I can draw again?” she asked anxiously.
The doctor sighed.
“Drawing? You need at least two months of complete rest.
No movement.
Otherwise, you risk permanent damage.
”
Stella’s eyes welled up.
Her expression grew dejected.
The door suddenly burst open, revealing a frantic Matthew.
His eyes fell on Stella’s hand, encased in a bulky bandage, and his heart sank.
Anger flared in him.
“Who did this to her?” he demanded, his gaze flashing towards Haley.
Flustered by his outburst, Haley stammered, “I-I don’t know.
I was inside the cafe and didn’t see what happened.
Stella was already hurt when I came out.
”
Matthew’s scowl remained firmly in place.
###chapter1534
Sensing the tension, Stella reached for his hand.
“It was an accident,” she reassured him, her voice strained.
“Don’t worry about it.
”
Matthew’s anger simmered.
He couldn’t shake the feeling that Haley was somehow involved, but for now, he pushed it down.
“You should go,” he said curtly to Haley.
“I’ll stay with Stella.
”
Without a word, Haley nodded and hurried out.
Stella watched her leave, a pang of guilt twisting in her stomach.
She turned back to Matthew, her voice laced with concern.
“You scared her with your yelling.
It wasn’t her fault.
”
Matthew sighed, pulling her into a hug.
“I’m the one to blame, I should have been here.
I’ll find whoever did this.
”
Stella shook her head.
“It’s done.
Finding them won’t heal my hand any faster.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Her eyes drifted down to the bandaged limb.
“Now I’m worried about Bella’s exam.
”
Matthew squeezed her shoulder.
“I can help with that.
”
“You?” Stella’s eyes widened in surprise.
Matthew reminded her, “Don’t forget, I’m a designer too.
As long as you have the ideas, I can explain them to Bella over email.
We’ll figure it out.
”
Stella had to stay at the hospital, and Matthew kept her company.
His expression had remained stern ever since he had spotted the bandage on her hand.
Stella was zoning out, watching some cheesy soap on TV.
Matthew kept checking her hand, asking, “Does it hurt?”
Stella glanced at her hand and shook her head.
“The doctor warned it will hurt once the anesthesia wears off,”
Matthew reminded her.
“If it starts bothering you, just tell me.
”
His eyes brimmed with concern and sympathy for Stella.
Stella simply nodded in response.
Suddenly, Matthew’s phone buzzed.
He peeked at the screen and saw Fernando was calling.
###chapter1535
With a slight grimace, he quickly informed Stella and stepped out.
He strolled a little distance away before picking up the call.
“Mr.
Clark, we’ve got some news.
The coffee shop’s CCTV footage was damaged,” Fernando said.
Matthew’s face darkened.
“I talked to the barista and she remembered a homeless man causing the damage,” Fernando continued.
“A homeless man?” Matthew scrunched his brows.
“Yes,” Fernando confirmed.
“We’re on it but it’s like finding a needle in a haystack.
Homeless folks are everywhere around here and they move around a lot.
It’s tough to pin them down.
We have hit a dead end with this lead for now.
”
Matthew felt disheartened.
He clenched his jaw and said, “We need to find the culprit, no matter the cost.
”
“Got it!” Fernando replied.
After ending the call, Matthew lingered in the hallway, his expression somber.
Once he composed himself, he reentered the room.
As he was about to speak, he noticed Stella’s peculiar expression as the latter’s eyes were fixed on the TV.
Thinking her injury might be bothering her, Matthew approached her with concern.
“Are you feeling uncomfortable? I can ask for painkillers from the doctor.
”
“No… Watch the TV…” Stella’s voice quivered, as if deeply affected.
Turning, Matthew glimpsed the TV screen.
A news report detailed a tragic incident: a famous model had been found dead in a landfill, her body pierced by glass.
It was a gruesome sight.
Serious-faced, Matthew shielded Stella’s eyes, his tone chilly.
“Stop watching.
”
Trembling, she clutched onto Matthew’s clothes tightly.
Though they wished for Jessica’s comeuppance, this end was beyond their expectations.
Flossie lounged at home, battling boredom with the TV.
The news flashed and she froze in disbelief, scrutinizing the screen until it sank in: the victim was indeed Jessica.
With a pallid complexion, Flossie’s grip on the remote trembled.
Her phone broke the silence with a ring.
Startled, she saw Aline’s name flashing on the screen, prompting her to switch off the TV and answer the call.
###chapter1536
“Flossie, guess what?” Aline burst out, full of excitement.
“You’ve scored some print ad gigs, which belonged to Jessica.
It seems Like everyone’s raving about your Liz show performance.
You just have to capitalize on this…”
“You mean Jessica’s gigs?” Flossie’s mind was elsewhere.
“Exactly! I told you, once you step up, Jessica’s out of the picture…”
Aline’s words were cut short by Flossie.
“Aline, sorry, there’s something urgent I have to deal with.
Let’s catch up tomorrow.
”
With a hurried click, Flossie ended the call, her mind racing.
Flossie was shaken.
She detested Jessica’s antics on stage but never imagined her end would be so tragic.
Benny emerged from his study and noticed her dazed expression.
“What’s up?” he asked casually.
‘s BunnyBookery
As Flossie snapped back to reality, she looked at him, murmuring, “Jessica’s gone.
How can it be?”
With a glint in his eyes, Benny sat beside her, giving a reassuring pat on the back.
“She had her own journey.
Don’t sweat it.
”
His narrowed eyes hinted at his suspicion: Edmund must have had a hand in her demise.
A sharp pain jolted Stella awake in the middle of the night.
She clenched her jaw, trying to tough it out, but the pain radiated through her body.
Matthew slept peacefully beside her.
Unwilling to disturb him, she took a deep breath and stared silently at the ceiling.
She attempted to focus on Bella’s questions to distract herself, but the intensity of the pain hindered her thoughts.
With a soft sigh, she turned over carefully, hoping to find a more comfortable position.
However, the movement brushed against her wound, eliciting a muffled whimper.
The sound startled Matthew awake.
He switched on the Light and sat up, concern etched on his face.
“What’s wrong?”
Emotions overwhelmed Stella, and she confessed tearfully, “It hurts.
”
Matthew pulled her into a comforting embrace.
“It’s normal for the first night to be rough.
Hang in there.
I’ll stay awake with you, okay?”
Seeking comfort and distraction, Stella turned on the TV, landing on a romantic drama.
Matthew stayed by her side quietly.
Noticing her focus on the program, he stole glances at the screen himself.
This type of show was unfamiliar territory for him.
His face revealed his bewilderment.
Stella was amused by his expression, momentarily forgetting the throbbing pain.
Entranced by the love story, Stella drifted back to sleep with Matthew by her side.
###chapter1537
Gazing at her peaceful face, Matthew felt a surge of tenderness.
His gaze then fell on her bandaged hand, a cold shiver running down his spine.
He hadn’t been there for her, and this injury was a testament to that.
A mix of worry, anger, and fear swirled within him.
Sleep eluded him for the rest of the night.
Neville arrived at the airport.
After checking in, he pondered for a moment in the VIP lounge before sending a message to Miley.
“I need to go abroad.
There’s a crucial business negotiation next week.
I’ll be back as soon as it’s finished.
”
With the message sent, he put his phone away.
A sudden pat on the shoulder startled him.
Neville turned around, annoyance flickering across his face.
A young woman stood before him, dressed in a white down jacket, black skirt, and sleek leather shoes that accentuated her long legs.
Neville gave her a cursory glance, a sense of familiarity niggling at him.
However, despite seconds of contemplation, he couldn’t place her.
He asked, “Who are you?”
The woman offered a small nod and a smile.
“Hello, I’m Kassidy Diaz.
Bertha sent me to accompany you for the business deal.
”
Neville’s brow furrowed, then he bit his lip in a self-deprecation.
Kassidy was clearly Bertha’s watchdog.
Why didn’t Bertha trust him? Was she worried about something specific?
Neville remained silent.
Kassidy seemed unfazed by his reaction.
She settled across from him, pulled out a tablet, and began outlining the schedule.
“Our contact is a tycoon with a fondness for Texas Hold’em poker.
There’s a chance the negotiation might take place at a poker table…”
She paused, meeting his gaze.
“Do you play?”
Seeing her professionalism, Neville reevaluated her.
His expression softened as he nodded.
“A little, but I’m no expert.
We’ll have to improvise.
”
Kassidy nodded slightly.
###chapter1538
Just then, a waiter approached with a cup of coffee.
Kassidy stowed her tablet and stood.
“Excuse me for a restroom break.
”
“Take your time,” Neville replied, reaching for the coffee.
Kassidy disappeared into the restroom, closing the door behind her.
She retrieved her phone and dialed Bertha’s number.
“Everything’s on track.
”
“Excellent.
Keep me updated,” Bertha instructed, satisfaction clear in her voice.
Kassidy ended the call and returned to the lounge.
The plane took off shortly thereafter.
When they landed, they bypassed their hotel entirely.
They headed straight for Megastar Casino to get down to business.
Neville pored over the contract in the car.
Kassidy cast him a sidelong glance.
“The contract isn’t everything.
Tonight’s poker game with the boss is key.
In the business world, deals are often sealed over drinks and games.
”
Neville kept his eyes on the document, his reply laced with indifference.
“I know what I’m doing.
”
Kassidy arched an eyebrow but offered no further comment.
The casino loomed ahead, and soon they were pulling up.
They emerged from the car and entered the bustling establishment.
Arthur Jones was engrossed in a card game with a group of people, seemingly oblivious to their arrival.
Neville waited patiently, yet as minutes stretched into hours, he grew increasingly uneasy.
Finally, as evening settled in, Arthur ended his game.
With a casual wave, he beckoned Neville over.
Neville walked over.
“Mr.
Jones—”
Before he could even introduce himself, Jones cut him off with a disinterested glance.
“Neville, is it? Care to join me for a game?”
Neville offered a friendly smile and extended his hand, saying, “Pleased to meet you, Mr.
Jones.
I’m Neville Pierce.
”
Arthur barely glanced up as he fiddled with the cards.
“Don’t expect me to remember your name unless you win against me.
”
Neville, unbothered, pulled his hand back with a smile still on his face.
“Fair enough.
”
He then took a seat across from Arthur.
The card game kicked off shortly after.
Neville, who usually spent his time relaxing, found playing Texas Hold’em a fun pastime.
###chapter1539
So, even though Arthur was a seasoned player, Neville held his own.
The game ended in a tie.
Pleased with the match, Arthur complimented Neville.
“You’ve got a knack for cards, huh? You must play quite a bit.
”
Neville responded with a humble grin, “I’m flattered, Mr.
Jones.
You’re the toughest opponent I’ve faced.
”
He then gave Kassidy a significant glance, hinting at her to get the contract ready.
Catching the hint, Arthur waved him off.
“No rush.
You’ve made the trip here; let’s not dive into business just yet.
How about I give you a tour first?”
Neville frowned.
He really wanted to wrap this up quickly, but Arthur was his client, and he felt he couldn’t just say no.
He gave a reluctant nod, saying, “Alright, thanks a lot.
”
Arthur slung an arm around Neville’s shoulder.
“You’ve got a lot to discover here.
I’m sure you’ll start to enjoy it all in no time.
”
With that, he led Neville to a car, and they set off.
After about half an hour, they pulled up in front of a winery.
Arthur walked in, with Neville and Kassidy in tow.
“Welcome to the biggest winery in town.
You’re in luck.
There’s a wine-tasting event today.
It’s the perfect opportunity to try our finest wines.
You really shouldn’t skip it.
”
Neville just nodded in response.
Once inside the party, Arthur grabbed two glasses of wine from a passing waiter and handed one to Neville.
After tasting the wine, Neville commented, “This is quite good.
”
Arthur didn’t stop there.
He continued to introduce Neville to more wines, and without really noticing, Neville ended up drinking quite a bit.
Finally, Arthur turned to Kassidy, offering her a glass of wine as well.
“Miss, would you like a drink?”
Before Kassidy could say anything, Neville grabbed the glass and smiled.
“Mr.
Jones, she’s not much of a drinker.
Let me drink to your health instead.
”
Arthur didn’t push further.
He lifted his glass, replying, “Thanks.
”
Throughout the party, Arthur avoided talking about the contract, focusing instead on enjoying his drinks.
Neville and Kassidy found no opportunity to bring it up.
Eventually, without having reached any agreement with Arthur, Neville ended up completely drunk.
The wine tasting came to an end, and Kassidy supported a now unconscious Neville.
###chapter1540
Before they left, she told Arthur, “I’m sorry, Mr.
Jones.
We’ll visit you tomorrow once Neville is clear-headed.
”
Arthur simply nodded and gave a friendly wave.
In the car, Kassidy glanced at Neville, deep in thought.
The business aspect of the trip seemed secondary now.
Her primary mission was to fulfill Bertha’s request-she needed to sleep with Neville.
Bertha had explained that Miley was a woman of strong moral principles and wouldn’t stand for Neville’s infidelity.
This act would push Miley to finally leave him for good.
Raised by Bertha from a young age, Kassidy always came through for her when needed.
She was completely loyal to Bertha and ready to do whatever was asked of her.
A certain determination flashed across Kassidy’s face.
The car arrived at the hotel.
When Kassidy was about to take Neville upstairs, they were stopped by the receptionist.
Kassidy stopped, looked at the receptionist, and asked coldly, “What’s the matter?”
The receptionist answered, “A woman named Miss Cullen called and left a message.
She hoped Mr.
Pierce could call her back when he arrived at the hotel safely.
”
Kassidy frowned upon hearing this.
‘s BunnyBookery
Neville seemed to have recognized the name mentioned by the receptionist.
He mumbled, “Miley…Miley…”
Kassidy looked at him with a complicated expression.
She turned to the receptionist and said, “Okay, thank you for letting us know.
”
Then, she helped Neville into the elevator.
She tapped the key card to open the door, took Neville into the room, and threw him on the bed.
She stood by the bedside and looked at him, taking a deep breath.
Neville didn’t make a fuss when drunk.
He just lay quietly on the bed with brows furrowed tightly.
Obviously, he looked uncomfortable.
After staring at him for a while, Kassidy stepped forward and took off his coat.
When she raised her hand and threw the coat aside, she heard a muffled sound.
She lowered her head and found it was Neville’s phone that fell to the floor.
Kassidy crouched down and picked up the phone.
The screen lit up, and she saw several missed calls.
They were all from Miley.
She ignored them and was about to put the phone back in his coat.
But at this moment, the phone rang.
It was Miley again.
Kassidy was startled.
She subconsciously turned and looked at Neville.
###chapter1541
Fortunately, he was still unconscious.
She couldn’t help breathing a sigh of relief.
The phone continued ringing.
Kassidy pressed the cancel button, turned it off, and put it aside.
She had to finish her task before Neville woke up.
She couldn’t waste any time.
Kassidy quickly undressed and unbuttoned Neville’s shirt.
Then, she turned on the camera she had prepared.
She adjusted the camera before she returned to the bed.
She sat at the edge of the bed and looked at Neville expressionlessly.
She only had to finish this task, and she could go back to report to Bertha.
She lay beside Neville, pressed her body against his, and ki*sed his lips.
Her hands moved back and forth, caressing his body.
The warm yellow light shining on the bed made the atmosphere even more suggestive.
From his lips, Kassidy’s mouth moved, tracing his jaw down to his Adam’s apple and chest.
She continued moving down.
But soon, she sensed that something seemed wrong.
She had already tried her best, but she didn’t get any response from him.
But she didn’t intend to give up.
She slowly reached her hands down.
However, it was still in vain.
No matter what she did, Neville remained unresponsive.
Finally, she stopped what she was doing.
She looked up and stared at Neville suspiciously.
Could it be that he was too drunk? Maybe the alcohol had really knocked him unconscious.
Or was he only too good at controlling himself?
Before Kassidy could have the time to think, Neville suddenly grabbed her wrist and kicked her out of the bed.
Kassidy was thrown to the floor.
When she raised her head, she was shocked to see t
hat Neville was totally awake.
Neville got up, straightened his clothes, and said coldly, “Why are you still staring at me? f@ck off!”
Kassidy was ashamed and annoyed at the same time.
But she still managed to calm down and stood up.
She picked up her clothes scattered on the floor and was about to leave.
But she heard Neville’s voice behind her.
“I can pretend that nothing has happened today.
But I hope you can cooperate with me to complete the contract.
Otherwise, I won’t let you go.
”
“I understand.
” Kassidy nodded and hurriedly left the room.
After she closed the door behind her, Neville stood up and turned off the camera.
Complicated emotions surged in his heart.
He didn’t expect that his impotence would be useful at this time.
###chapter1542
Neville fell back to the bed, raised his hands, and covered his eyes.
Suddenly, something occurred to him.
He turned over and looked for his phone.
When he found it on the bed, he quickly turned it on, only to see many messages from Miley.
He opened her messages and read all her worries and concerns for him, which had sent warmth to his heart.
He thought of calling Miley back.
But when he checked the time, he changed his mind.
Miley should already be sleeping at this time.
After thinking for a while, he replied to her, “We negotiated the contract the entire day today.
I’ve just arrived at the hotel.
But don’t worry.
Everything is fine.
I’m safe and sound.
”
Miley was already asleep in her house in Seamarsh.
However, she was awakened by her alarm clock.
She sprang up from the bed and looked at the time.
It was already dawn.
She waited for Neville’s reply the entire night, but she didn’t receive any.
In the end, she could no longer stand it and fell asleep.
When Miley remembered this, she hurriedly picked up her phone.
And she felt relieved upon seeing Neville’s reply.
Then, she put down her phone, went to the bathroom, and washed up.
She changed her clothes and put on some makeup.
Today, she was going to attend a jewelry auction.
It was a very special occasion and required body painting, so she had to prepare at least half a day in advance.
The venue of the auction was a high-end club.
When Miley arrived there, the
models were already waiting.
The body painters began to work, and everything went on smoothly.
Miley didn’t dare to slack off.
She carefully told the models the dos and don’ts.
“Today, all the big shots in Seamarsh will come.
So, don’t make any mistakes.
Do you understand?”
“Understand!”
Miley clapped her hands.
“Okay.
Everyone, double time.
We need to finish everything before the auction starts.
”
Miley had been busy all morning.
She only got the chance to go to the bathroom when the auction was about to begin.
But as soon as she stepped into the bathroom, she bumped into Bertha and Amya.
Bertha was surprised to see Miley here.
The atmosphere grew tense for a moment, but then Bertha offered a friendly smile.
“Miley, what a coincidence.
”
Miley returned the greeting.
“Good to see you too.
”
###chapter1543
Amya, however, wasn’t as friendly.
She scoffed and spoke in a cold tone.
“Are you here for the auction? I recall the entry requirements were very strict.
How’d you manage to get in? What can you even afford?”
Miley blushed under Amya’s harsh words, but she responded frankly, “I’m actually staff, in charge of the model show.
”
Amya gave a curt nod but refused to meet Miley’s gaze.
“Right, I almost forgot about your errand-girl job.
That explains it.
” Her tone dripped with contempt.
Miley felt a tightness in her chest, yet she maintained a neutral smile.
“actually, I run a model company.
I’m not just running errands.
”
Amya offered a sarcastic smile.
“So, what kind of boss runs their own errands?”
Despite knowing Amya wouldn’t be kind, Miley’s face paled slightly.
Taking a deep breath, she composed herself.
“Today’s auction will be a visual treat.
No need to ruin your mood because of me.
”
Amya crossed her arms and sneered.
“Glad you recognize you’re a bother.
Maybe you should take a hint and disappear.
”
Miley clenched her fists at her sides.
She knew arguing was pointless.
Getting into a fight wouldn’t benefit her.
She inhaled deeply and spoke calmly.
“I’ll do my best to stay out of the way.
”
“What? Are you giving up on your dream of marrying into money?” Amya challenged.
Miley forced a smile.
“I love Neville, not his wealth or his mother.
”
“How dare you!” Amya’s anger flared.
She raised her hand, but before it could connect with Miley’s face, Bertha intervened.
With a frown, Bertha said, “The auction’s about to start.
Let’s head in.
”
“Mom!” Amya protested.
“Get inside now.
” Bertha’s voice grew sterner.
Amya obeyed reluctantly, following Bertha into the main area without a word.
Outside the bathroom, Amya couldn’t resist muttering, “Why’d you let her off so easily? She’s a cunning woman, a real gold-digger.
”
“There are subtler ways to drive a wedge between them.
No need to lose your composure at such an important event.
” Bertha shot Amya a pointed look.
“Remember our goal today.
”
Alone in the bathroom, Miley washed her hands.
Gazing at her reflection in the mirror, she felt tears prick her eyes.
The pressure of work and the Pierce family were taking its toll.
But within a minute, she wiped her tears away, straightened her posture, and met her own gaze in the mirror.
###chapter1544
This was her path, and she had to see it through.
She wouldn’t let anyone belittle her.
Miley rushed back to the dressing room, finding that the models‘ makeup had been expertly finished.
The organizers’ staff arrived to adorn the models with jewelry, carefully placing each piece on them one by one.
As Miley observed the models adorned in delicate makeup, her earlier gloom dissipated, replaced by a sense of achievement.
With a wave, she signaled for the models to take the stage.
The theme of this jewelry auction centered around paper-cut art, aiming to reinterpret this traditional art form through the creation of jewelry pieces.
Each piece in this collection was unique, serving as an exquisite accessory.
Most significantly, they were crafted by the late master Fanny Karl, making them rare treasures.
All the distinguished ladies in attendance, including Bertha, eagerly anticipated the unveiling of these jewelry pieces.
She had already set her sights on a particular piece showcased in the auction catalog and was determined to acquire it.
She intended to present it to the Miller family.
Known for their involvement in traditional industrial enterprises in the neighboring city, the Miller family’s business complemented the operations of Pierce Group.
Bertha’s goal was to ensure the continued prosperity of Pierce Group, making the union of the two families paramount.
Narrowing her eyes, she contemplated her strategy.
The supposed business negotiation that she had tasked Neville with was merely a facade.
Aware of Arthur’s reputation as a playboy, Bertha anticipated little success in Neville’s negotiation.
Her plan relied on Neville’’s eventual frustration and resignation, facilitating his acceptance o
f the family’s arrangement without resistance.
Regardless, she remained resolute in her determination to orchestrate the marriage with the Miller family.
With her decision made, Bertha prepared to participate in the bidding.
The auctioneer presided over the proceedings from the stage, initiating the bidding.
“One million seven hundred thousand!”
“Any higher bids?”
“No? Sold!”
With a decisive strike of the gavel, the first piece was purchased by the wife of a lumber industry tycoon for one million seven hundred thousand.
Bertha’s anxiety mounted as she realized that the next piece up for auction was the carved jewelry she coveted.
###chapter1545
She became nervous.
The auctioneer provided a detailed introduction to the item’s quality and history before disclosing the price.
“The starting bid is five million!”
Without delay, bidding commenced within the auction house.
“Five million and five hundred thousand!”
“Six million!”
“Eight million!”
Observing the escalating bidding war, Bertha furrowed her brow.
While she had anticipated significant interest in the piece, the intensity of the competition took her aback.
Casting a meaningful glance at Amya, Bertha conveyed her intent.
Understanding her signal, Amya raised her paddle confidently.
“Fifteen million.
”
The exorbitant bid silenced the room.
The crowd quieted down at once.
The auctioneer looked around and asked, “Is there anyone else willing to raise the bid?”
Filled with confidence, Bertha couldn’t conceal her delight, a smile gracing her Lips.
Amya looked at her with excitement.
“It’s ours.
”
Just as Bertha believed victory was assured, a voice from the crowd interjected unexpectedly.
“Twenty million!”
Upon hearing the voice, the crowd stirred once more.
Amya’s expression soured as she turned to see a young man in a suit.
She pondered for a moment, but despite her efforts, she couldn’t recall which clan the man belonged to.
“Do we increase the bid?” Amya inquired, seeking Bertha’s guidance.
Bertha’s countenance also darkened.
After a moment of deliberation, she nodded reluctantly.
“Twenty-three million.
”
###chapter1546
“Twenty-five million!” the man countered, raising the bid once more.
“Thirty million!” Amya continued to raise the bid, her expression growing increasingly grim.
With each escalation, it became evident that they were approaching their financial limit.
Tension permeated the hall as the bidding persisted.
Following his bid, the man murmured into his Bluetooth headset, “Sir, the price has reached thirty million.
Shall we proceed?”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Increase it by five million.
I want to test the Pierce family’s financial limits.
”
The individual on the opposite end of the phone listened silently to the auction’s sounds, while his fingers tapped rhythmically on the table.
Clad in a sharp suit, the man possessed piercing eyes and a wrinkled countenance.
This man was Wyatt Blakely, Susie’s father.
Susie endured a significant setback when Neville called off their engagement, leading to her experiencing depression.
Now, she refrained from social outings, often remaining at home and avoiding interaction with her family, engulfed in depression throughout the day.
Wyatt and his wife expressed concern for their daughter, yet felt powerless to alleviate her suffering.
Witnessing Susie’s gradual weight loss, he empathized with her plight, while simultaneously harboring an escalating animosity towards the Pierce family with each passing day.
He sought to hinder their business endeavors and disrupt their social engagements.
He couldn’t tolerate seeing his daughter hurt again.
Anyone who caused her pain would face cons
quences.
With the support of her parents, Susie gradually regained her composure.
Not long ago, Susie heard the news of Neville’s impending marriage, which further deepened her depression.
The mere thought of this ignited a furious tremor within Wyatt.
While his daughter battled depression, the Pierce family continued to pursue a rapid ascent.
He reached the brink of sanity.
This time, he was determined to take action for his daughter’s sake.
Following Wyatt’s order, the young man declared, “Thirty-five million.
”
Bertha’s expression darkened.
She hesitated, feeling uncertain.
While she had anticipated acquiring the carved jewelry, she realized that thirty-five million was truly the maximum amount the Pierce family could offer at present.
The auctioneer persisted, “Thirty-five million.
Is there anyone willing to raise the bid?
###chapter1547
Amya glanced at Bertha for guidance.
“Mom, what should we do?”
Bertha clenched her teeth and gestured for Amya to increase the bid.
As the auctioneer poised his mallet, Amya intervened.
“Thirty-six million!”
A brief silence ensued.
The auctioneer exclaimed eagerly, “Thirty-six million! Is there anyone else interested in raising the bid?”
The man remained still.
Wyatt’s smirk resonated through the earpiece.
In a calm tone, Wyatt remarked, “There’s no need to continue.
”
The young man exited the auction.
The auctioneer declared resolutely, “Sold!”
Suddenly, warm applause erupted in the room.
Bertha and Amya exchanged glances, exhaling a collective sigh of relief.
At the cost of thirty-six million, she secured the carved jewelry.
Despite its steep price, she had finally obtained the coveted piece she desired.
Bertha turned around to identify her competitor, but to her disappointment, the seat was already vacant.
Her expression soured as she pondered this.
With the auction concluded, Amya guided Bertha towards the exit, informing her, “The driver called; he’s stuck in traffic.
We’ll need to wait.
”
Bertha nodded in understanding.
“Let’s wait over there,” Amya suggested, assisting her in walking.
With the intense competition finally over, a sense of relief washed over her.
“Thankfully, we managed to secure the jewelry in the end.
Otherwise, we wouldn’t be able to present a gift that fulfills the Miller family’s expectations, potentially jeopardizing the marriage negotiations.
”
Upon hearing this, Bertha felt a weight lift from her shoulders, and her mood visibly improved.
She smiled and remarked, “This means good luck for our Pierce family.
”
They talked as they made their way to a nearby corner, where they patiently awaited the arrival of their driver.
However, their plans were interrupted when they noticed Miley approaching.
Amya tightened her lips and suggested, “Why is she here? Mom, let’s wait elsewhere.
”
Bertha nodded, agreeing to avoid encountering Miley.
At that moment, a truck suddenly surged forward, obstructing their path.
Masked assailants emerged from the truck, swiftly seizing Bertha and Amya without uttering a word.
###chapter1548
“What do you want from us? Let us go!” Amya shouted.
Everything unfolded so suddenly.
Overwhelmed with fear, she continued to struggle.
“Mom, are you okay? Who the hell are you people?”
Bertha looked visibly shaken and remained motionless.
A masked man pressed a knife against Amya’s throat and yelled, “Shut up!”
Feeling threatened, Amya found herself unable to speak.
She could only nod, her mind a blank.
They found themselves isolated at a street corner, with not a soul in sight for help.
Lost and unsure, they didn’t know what their next move should be.
Meanwhile, Miley had spotted Bertha and Amya from a distance.
However, before she could approach, they had already turned away and left.
Understanding they probably didn’t want to interact with her, Miley decided not to bother them.
As she was about to hail a taxi home, a cry for help caught her attention.
She listened intently, but then, the voice faded away.
“Is this just my imagination? I’m really exhausted.
” She muttered under her breath.
Just as she was about to hop into the car and drive off, something felt off.
She paused to think, then decided to check out the source of the noise she’d heard.
To her surprise, when she reached the corner, she found Bertha and Amya cornered by a bunch of masked guys.
Without a second thought, Miley charged in.
She flung her bag at the group’s leader and shoved aside the guy grabbing Bertha.
Chaos erupted.
Seizing the moment, Miley pulled the two to safety, shielding them wi
th her arms.
Confronted by one of the attackers getting up, fear gripped her, yet she managed to keep her voice steady.
“Stop right there.
The police are on their way.
”
Just as the man moved to act, a voice from behind cautioned, “Boss, we’re in the downtown area.
The police will be here any minute.
Let’s not hang around.
”
“Damn it!” With a curse, the man shot Miley a menacing glare, then ordered, “Grab that meddler too!”
At his command, his henchmen sprang into action.
One snagged Miley, who was at the forefront, while another went for Bertha.
In no time, they had both captives in a truck and sped off.
Amya shook with fright.
The moment she grasped what had happened, she pulled out her phone and dialed the police, stammering, “I… I need to report a crime…”
###chapter1549
In the hospital, after sorting out Stella’s hospital discharge paperwork, Matthew got a call from Fernando while heading back to her room.
“Mr.
Clark, I’ve just been informed that Bertha and Miley were abducted near the auction club.
”
Exiting the elevator, Matthew paused to think, then veered towards the corridor’s end.
In a firm tone, he instructed, “Check if the Pierce family could use our support.
”
He was concerned about Stella, who was about to leave the hospital, and wished to spare her from further distress.
“Understood, Sir Fernando responded firmly.
“Also, we encountered a few homeless individuals by the art exhibition’s entrance that day.
Mrs.
Clark gave one of them some money.
He remembered her.
”
Feeling a glimmer of hope, Matthew said, “Keep questioning him!”
Right after, Stella’s voice came from behind him.
“Questioning who?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew turned around and spotted Stella standing behind him.
He instructed Fernando, “Follow my lead.
”
With that command, he promptly ended the call and approached Stella.
Instinctively, he enveloped her in a comforting embrace and reassured her, “There’s a traitor in the company.
Fernando apprehended several suspects and is currently interrogating them.
”
Without hesitation, Stella urged, “Then you need to head to the company immediately.
I’ll ask Miley to pick me up.
”
Glancing at her watch, she muttered, “Miley mentioned she would visit the hospital after today’s event.
Why hasn’t she arrived yet?”
Matthew Lied, “She probably has a heavy workload to attend to.
Let her rest properly.
I’ll drive you home.
”
Stella nodded in agreement.
Retrieving her phone, she said, “I’ll message her, advising her not to come.
”
Struggling, she managed to type a message with her left hand.
“Miley, I’m leaving the hospital now.
Once you’re done with your work, head home and rest.
We’ll arrange to meet another day.
”
When the message reached Miley’s phone, she was restrained in a dingy cabin with Bertha.
Bertha lay unconscious, while Miley remained awake and alert.
She whispered Bertha’s name but received no response.
Miley was clueless about their abductor’s identity.
Her hands were tightly bound behind her back to a pillar.
She clenched her teeth and made several attempts to free herself, but her efforts proved futile.
Taking a deep breath, she surveyed the room, searching for a means of escape.
###chapter1550
However, the room yielded nothing she could use to aid her escape.
At that moment, the door was forcefully kicked open, flooding the room with dazzling Light.
Miley instinctively shut her eyes against the sudden brightness.
After a brief moment, she cautiously opened her eyes and finally laid eyes on the man.
The individual before her was a middle-aged man adorned in a suit and polished leather shoes.
He carried himself with an air of refinement and sophistication.
The man strode towards Bertha, casting her a faint smile.
Without warning, he raised his foot and delivered a forceful kick to her.
Fear gripped Miley as she exclaimed, “What are you doing?”
Bertha winced in pain, slowly opening her eyes and emitting a cry of distress.
Before she could comprehend the situation, a jewelry box was flung in front of her.
It contained the intricately carved jewelry she had recently purchased at the auction.
Miley’s heart pounded with apprehension.
She had a foreboding sense that trouble was imminent.
She moved to intervene, but before she could act, it was too late.
The man stepped on the carved jewelry, crushing it beneath his shoe.
“lyatt Blakely!” Bertha’s voice trembled as she called out his name, her eyes filled with anger and defiance.
However, her weakened state rendered her voice barely audible.
Ignoring her, Wyatt mercilessly stomped on the jewelry once more, as if intending to reduce it to dust.
Tears welled in Bertha’s eyes as she pleaded, “Stop… Stop! Please…”
Wyatt’s Laughter echoed through the room as he surveyed the shattered jewelry on the floor.
Fixing his gaze on Bertha, he squatted down and forcefully grasped her chin, forcing her to look at the mess.
“Now that the jewelry is destroyed, you have no leverage.
”
His voice dripped with menace as his expression darkened.
Bertha struggled to catch her breath, her words stifled by her weakness.
His voice dripping with contempt, Wyatt continued, “You must be feeling terrible, aren’t you? But this is nothing compared to what my poor daughter Susie is enduring!”
Hearing the name Susie, Miley was stunned.
It dawned on her that the man before them was Susie’s father.
Bertha seethed with anger at Wyatt’s words, feeling lightheaded and nearly breathless.
Wyatt loosened his grip on Bertha and retrieved his phone to capture images of her distressed face.
In a cruel tone, he remarked, “Mrs.
Pierce, known for her dignity and grace, reduced to this state.
All because of your grandson’s actions.
”
###chapter1551
Unable to bear it any longer, Miley cried out, “Stop!”
Hearing this, Wyatt turned to Miley, his expression contorted into a sneer.
“And who are you to demand me to stop?”
“Mr.
Blakel ““ Trembling uncontrollably, Miley struggled to maintain composure.
“There’s been a misunderstanding.
I’m Neville’s girlfriend.
It was Neville’s mistake to abruptly call off the engagement to your daughter, but your actions now are even more barbaric.
”
Wyatt remained silent, his gaze piercing through her.
After a prolonged silence, he pocketed his phone and inquired, “You’re Neville’s girlfriend, right? I am curious to see just how loyal you are to the Pierce family!”
Glancing at his watch, he smirked, “I believe it’s time to depart.
However, I must remind you that you are on a deserted island.
As night descends, it becomes infested with fierce beasts.
Just wait and see!”
With an evil smile, he slammed the door shut behind him and departed.
After Wyatt departed, Miley glanced at the frail figure on the floor, her expression fraught with concern.
“How are you feeling? Are you alright?”
Bertha nodded weakly.
Her face contorted in pain as she lay amidst the dust-covered floor, her once dignified and noble appearance marred.
Relieved to find Bertha still conscious, Miley reassured her, “Hang in there.
I’ll get you out of here.
”
Bertha’s breaths grew increasingly labored.
With a pang of guilt, she managed to utter, “I’m sorry.
This is our family’s affair; it shouldn’t involve you.
I never anticipated you’d be caught up in this.
”
“Stop talking.
Save your strength,” Miley urged anxiously.
“Let’s discuss this once we’re out of here!
The ominous words uttered by Wyatt before his departure instilled fear in her heart.
She couldn’t bear the thought of perishing in the wilderness; she had to find Neville.
Looking at her surroundings, Miley’s eyes fell upon a stone chip nestled in the corner.
Relief flooded her as she slowly moved towards it.
Exerting tremendous effort, she reached the corner, her breaths labored and shallow.
Miley drew a deep breath to steady herself.
After several attempts, she successfully seized the stone chip.
Without hesitation, she began using it to grind against the rope binding her wrist.
Her wrists and fingers throbbed with soreness and pain.
Just as she feared she would exhaust her strength, the rope finally loosened, granting her a moment of relief and Liberation.
Ignoring the blood staining her hands, Miley freed her wrists and staggered towards Bertha, her movements unsteady.
###chapter1552
“I’ll get you out of here.
” Miley untied Bertha and offered her assistance to stand.
With no strength remaining, Bertha leaned heavily against Miley, relying on her for support as they made their way out.
Exiting the cabin, they were greeted by the encroaching darkness of nightfall.
Miley reached for her pocket instinctively, only to find it empty.
She recalled her phone being confiscated on their journey here.
Prioritizing Bertha’s safety over summoning help, Miley guided her cautiously, wary of the possibility of Wyatt’s return.
Amidst the dense foliage, eerie birdcalls echoed intermittently, while the air carried the pungent scent of decaying leaves and branches.
Beneath the trees, moss blanketed the ground, and wild grasses flourished.
Insect chirps emanated from the undergrowth.
Despite their efforts, Bertha’s strength waned quickly, and she collapsed to the ground.
“Go.
Don’t worry about me,” Bertha urged resignedly, surrendering to her circumstances.
“I will get you out of here!” Miley declared firmly, though she could see from the exhaustion evident on Bertha’s face that she was in no condition to proceed further.
Guiding Bertha to rest beneath a nearby tree, Miley assured her, “You can rest here.
I’ll find a way out.
”
Then she turned around and left.
She wandered through the forest for what felt like an eternity, but her efforts yielded no results.
Indeed, the surroundings matched Wyatt’s description of an uninhabited island.
She was on the verge of giving up, ready to retrace her steps to search for Bertha, when she was greeted by the soothing sound of a stream.
Miley hurried towards the source of the sound, her anticipation mounting with each step.
Before long, she reached the stream, where a boat was moored at the water’s edge.
She rushed overjoyed towards the boat and inspected it quickly.
It was slightly damaged, but it was still functional.
She turned around and headed for Bertha.
She assisted Bertha to her feet.
“I’ve found a boat.
Just hold on a little longer.
I’ll get us out of here.
”
As Miley helped Bertha onto the boat, a wave of relief washed over her.
However, she soon realized she lacked the skill to row the boat.
Despite her uncertainty, she understood the urgency of their situation.
With nightfall approaching, remaining on the island posed significant danger.
With determination burning within her, Miley grasped the paddle firmly.
Her resolve to survive propelled her forward, despite the uncertainty and challenges ahead.
If they stayed, Bertha’s chances of survival would diminish significantly.
###chapter1553
Miley rowed the boat with desperate determination, her gaze fixed on the direction of the sunset.
Observing Bertha trembling, Miley removed her coat and dr@ped it over her.
“Please hang on.
We’ll reach safety soon.
”
With her eyes closed, Bertha’s mind felt tangled in chaos.
As she opened her eyes in a daze, she was met with the sight of Miley’s concerned expression.
She said in a weak voice, “You’re a good girl.
If you manage to escape, you could be Neville’s girlfriend.
”
Miley was shocked, tears flowing ceaselessly down her cheeks.
Yet amidst the torrent of emotions, she knew this wasn’t the moment for sentimentality.
She mustered her strength, brushing away the tears, and whispered to Bertha, “Stay quiet.
Conserve your energy.
I’ll get you out of here.
”
Silently, Bertha fixed her gaze upon Miley, her eyes brimming with a tender affection that needed no words to convey.
The day’s events left her with a profound realization-there was nothing more crucial than the simple gift of life itself.
Miley’s assistance thawed Bertha’s heart, easing the grip of her obsession with the prosperity of Pierce Group, and granting her a newfound perspective.
As her surroundings blurred into obscurity, Bertha’s eyelids fluttered shut, succumbing to unconsciousness in a faint.
Observing Bertha’s state, Miley felt her anxiety mount.
With quickened steps, she pressed onward, yearning for rescue to arrive swiftly.
Fortunately, her navigation proved true, and the boat reached shore before long.
Exhaustion weighed heavily upon Miley’s shoulders.
With a weary sigh, she cast aside the paddle and gasped for breath, her chest heaving with each labored inhalation.
After regaining her composure, Miley turned to face Bertha.
“It’s time to wake up.
We’re
here…”
Yet, despite her persistent calls, Bertha remained unresponsive.
With a determined resolve, Miley struggled to lift Bertha off the boat, her mind racing in search of aid.
Before long, a group of fishermen came into view, their silhouettes emerging from the mist, drawing closer to Miley’s location.
Miley hastened towards them, her urgency palpable.
“Excuse me.
My grandmother had an emergency and we Lost our phones.
Would you mind letting me borrow your phone? I need to make a call.
”
Moved by her disheveled appearance, one of the fishermen readily offered his phone without hesitation.
Grateful, Miley dialed for assistance with haste.
Upon completing the call, she breathed a sigh of relief.
She turned around and found that Bertha was still unconscious.
###chapter1554
Miley felt a surge of agitation, her senses heightened as she reached out to check Bertha’s breath.
Though feeble, it was still discernible, offering a glimmer of reassurance amidst her growing concern.
With urgency coursing through her veins, Miley swiftly initiated cardiopulmonary resuscitation for Bertha.
“I’ve called for an ambulance.
They’ll be here soon.
Just hang in there…”
Yet, despite her efforts, Bertha remained unresponsive.
As she rubbed Bertha’s chilled hands, Miley’s prayers became fervent pleas.
“Please, don’t die! The doctors will be here any moment…”
Despite their previous discord, a newfound understanding had blossomed between them.
Miley couldn’t bear the thought of losing Bertha now, as they had finally found common ground.
Exhaustion clawed at Miley’s bones, leaving her drained of strength.
She collapsed beside Bertha, her gaze drifting towards the river they had journeyed along, its dark waters reflecting the tumult of their ordeal.
As despair threatened to consume her, a distant sound pierced the silence, an ambulance siren.
With newfound resolve, Miley leaped to her feet, vigorously waving her hands in a desperate plea for assistance.
The medical team swiftly approached with a stretcher, loading Bertha into the ambulance.
Miley followed closely behind, her heart heavy with concern.
As the vehicle sped away, relief flooded Miley’s senses, the weight of uncertainty lifting from her shoulders.
Borrowing a phone from the paramedics, she yearned to contact Neville, only to realize he was absent from Seamarsh.
Frustration gnawed at her, knowing any call to him would be futile.
With no other recourse, she contemplated reaching out to his parents, though their strained relationship rendered their contact information elusive.
Gazing at Bertha’s unconscious form, Miley slumped against the seat, her spirits waning.
A sudden ringtone interrupted the silence, emanating from within Bertha’s clothing.
The medical personnel retrieved Bertha’s phone, handing it to Miley, where Hurley’s name flashed on the screen.
Without hesitation, Miley answered the call, urgency lacing her voice.
“Come to Selary Hospital quickly!”
In the hospital, Bertha was rushed into surgery.
Miley stayed by the door for a bit, then, worn out, she found a bench in the hallway and sat down.
Everything that happened today felt like a bad dream.
She took a moment to rest and soon dozed off.
###chapter1555
After a while, she felt someone gently tapping her arm.
Opening her eyes, she saw Neville’s parents standing over her.
Miley was taken aback.
Standing up quickly, she fixed her hair and clothes and greeted them, “Mr.
and Mrs.
Pierce, it’s good to see you.
”
She glanced at the surgery room door, noting the light was still on.
“Bertha’s still in there.
I don’t have any news about her yet…”
Hurley cut her off, his expression hard, and he demanded in a cold tone, “Why would you do something like this to my mother? She’s over fifty, she can’t handle this kind of stress.
How could you be so cruel to an old woman?”
Miley was taken aback, not expecting Hurley to blame her for Bertha’s situation.
After all she did to help Bertha, his accusation was the last thing she expected.
Anger bubbled up inside her.
Miley looked them straight in the eye, her voice rising.
“Have you lost your minds? Wyatt Blakely is the one who took us! I had nothing to do with it! You should be talking to the police!”
The more she dwelled on it, the more her anger grew.
Without letting them get a word in, she pressed on, “I put my life on the line to save Bertha.
You don’t feel like thanking me? That’s your choice.
But accusing me of hurting her? That’s outrageous! You’re the ones who are heartless!”
Hurley’s face turned stormy, and his lips quivered, but he found himself at a loss for words.
Paying no mind to his reaction, Miley turned her attention to Amya.
In a mocking tone, she said, “Had it not been for me, Wyatt’s men would have kidnapped you too.
Why didn’t you set the record straight?
How can you let him badmouth me like this? How did Neville end up with parents like you?”
Amya’s cheeks flushed with embarrassment, and she stayed quiet for what seemed like an eternity.
Noticing their speechlessness, Miley’s temper cooled slightly.
She glanced at Amya and taunted further, “Before she fainted, Bertha told me she wanted me to be Neville’s girlfriend.
”
“What? What did you say?” Amya reacted with panic.
“Why on earth would I take your word for it? Over my dead body will you ever be part of the Pierce family!”
Miley was clearly annoyed.
She spun around, her voice heavy with sarcasm as she said, “I couldn’t care less about you.
I’ve done what I needed to, and you’re still up to your neck in problems.
I have no interest in being part of your uppity Pierce family, so I’m leaving.
Goodbye.
”
With those words, she walked away.
“You despicable bitch!” Amya was fuming.
“Stop! Miley! I said stop.
But no matter how much Amya called out, Miley didn’t pause.
She left the hospital without Looking back.
At Prosper Bay, after taking her medicine with Matthew’s help, Stella was about to head upstairs to bed when the doorbell echoed through the quiet.
###chapter1556
“I’ll get it,” Matthew said with a smile, heading for the door.
Stella heard Miley’s voice and came downstairs.
There was Miley, but her pale face and disheveled clothes made her look like she’d been through a lot.
Stella was taken aback and quickly pulled Miley into the room.
“What’s going on? Why do you look like that?”
Miley managed a weak smile, leaned back on the couch, and murmured, “I just need to rest for a bit.
”
With that, she closed her eyes.
Seeing her exhausted expression, Stella couldn’t bear to bother her.
Soon, she noticed Miley’s steady breathing.
She took a blanket and dr@ped it over Miley, her eyes filled with concern.
Then, she quietly took Matthew to the side and whispered, “Did Neville cause her trouble?”
Matthew shook his head.
“There was an incident at the auction today.
Bertha got kidnapped.
Miley ended up getting involved while trying to save her.
”
“What?” Stella gasped, then quickly silenced herself to not disturb Miley.
‘s BunnyBookery
She paused for a moment, then turned to Matthew with a serious look.
“Is there any way you could help Pierce Group? I hate seeing Miley go through this.
”
“It’s not that I’m unwilling to help,” Matthew replied with a sense of defeat.
“Neville is trying to handle this on his own to show he can take care of Miley in the future.
”
His eyes grew intense.
“Right now, proving himself is all Neville cares about.
”
Stella glanced his way, wanting to speak, but eventually chose silence.
She got what Matthew was saying.
Neville had spent his days lounging around.
Relying on others wouldn’t let him make a mark in the Pierce family.
And without standing on his own, he couldn’t protect Miley in the future.
So, Neville had to change his ways.
Feeling a mix of emotions, Stella sighed.
“Let’s hope Neville comes back with some positive news this time.
”
Night had fallen over Seamarsh, but it was daylight in Neville’s city.
###chapter1557
Basking in the bright sunlight, Neville took a deep breath.
He was gearing up for another round of talks with Arthur.
Neville shut his eyes, pondering his negotiation tactics with Arthur.
He wasn’t about to waste this opportunity.
Resolved, Neville opened his eyes and stepped into the meeting room.
Arthur had dropped his skeptical demeanor.
Dressed in a crisp suit, with every button done up, he exuded the air of an experienced businessman.
Inside, Arthur slid the contract across to Neville.
“I’ve gone through it.
This is the best I can do.
”
He held up one finger.
‘s BunnyBookery
Just ten percent?
Neville’s brow creased.
That amount was hardly enough.
He took a deep breath and analyzed the situation.
“Mr.
Jones, I think you understand the potential profits of this deal.
Your offer suggests you might have doubts about partnering with Pierce Group.
”
Arthur just shrugged.
“Go on.
”
Neville gave a small nod.
“Pierce Group offers vast resources.
Partner with us, and you’re looking at a significant profit.
What’s more, I could even secure a key role for you in one of our projects.
Ever dreamed of being a superhero or a master gambler?”
Before sitting down for the talk, Neville had dug into Arthur’s interests, hoping to catch his attention.
Sure enough, the moment Neville mentioned the role, Arthur’s eyebrows went up, showing a flicker of interest.
Neville then took his time to outline all the benefits of working with Pierce Group.
After a long discussion, Arthur was convinced.
Standing up, he offered his hand to Neville.
“Mr.
Pierce, you’ve got a sharp mind.
I’m willing to give Pierce Group a chance.
Here’s to hoping our partnership thrives.
”
“Appreciate your confidence, Mr.
Jones.
I’m sure we’ll do great things together,” Neville responded, shaking his hand.
They had come to an agreement.
With Arthur on his way, Neville let out a huge sigh of relief.
His efforts weren’t for nothing after all.
Eager to share the great news, Neville was about to call Miley when Kassidy rushed over, looking upset.
“There’s trouble with your grandmother.
”
###chapter1558
Neville stopped what he was doing and put his phone away.
“What’s going on?”
Kassidy just shook her head.
“I’m not sure.
Let’s head back to Seamarsh.
”
Without a word, Neville found the first flight back to Seamarsh.
The moment they landed, he went straight for the hospital.
As soon as Amya spotted Neville, tears started rolling down her cheeks.
Seeing Bertha unconscious, Neville’s face fell with concern.
He guided Amya to sit on the couch, trying to soothe her.
Between sobs, Amya said, “The doctor says your grandma’s had a heart failure.
He’s not sure when she’ll come around.
”
Neville’s forehead creased with worry.
“Grandma’s always been healthy, right? What happened?”
Amya dried her eyes and recounted everything.
She ended with, “By the time we reached your grandma again, she was already in the hospital.
”
The mention of Miley made Neville anxious.
“How’s Miley? Is she alright?”
Amya shot him a look, mixed with a bit of anger.
Her tone colder, she said, “She’s fine.
She’s gone home.
”
“That’s good.
” Neville released a sigh of relief.
This, however, only seemed to irritate Amya further.
She told him in a frosty tone, “Keep your distance from Miley.
Just think about it.
She and your grandma were kidnapped together, but in the end, Miley brought your grandma back unscathed while your grandma ended up in a coma.
How do you explain that?”
Neville’s brow creased a bit.
Aware of Amya’s dislike for Miley, he replied, “It’s not fair to pin this on Miley.
Grandma is elderly, and the ordeal was too much for her.
”
“You.
”
Amya tried to argue back, but Neville cut her off.
“I’ve made a deal with Mr.
Jones.
I’m counting on you to stick to your word and acceptMiley.
”
Amya was livid, yet she refrained from starting a fight over Miley, whom she saw as an outsider.
In a calmer voice, she said, “Your grandma is still unconscious.
I don’t have the energy to talk about this now.
”
Neville didn’t wish to prolong the disagreement.
He got up, his mind made up, and said, “I’ll do whatever it takes to find a cure for Grandma.
But right now, I need to see Miley.
”
At Prosper Bay, Miley wasn’t sure how long she had been asleep.
ALL she knew was she felt refreshed and comfortable after waking up.
Opening her eyes to an unfamiliar ceiling, she initially felt a shock but quickly got up.
Her gaze then met with Stella’s worried look.
The events of the previous night flooded back to Miley.
She had come to Stella’s place after leaving the hospital.
###chapter1559
Feeling a tightness in her throat, she sought refuge in Stella’s embrace, breaking down in tears.
Stella’s heart was heavy with empathy.
She gently rubbed Miley’s back, offering words of comfort.
“I understand.
Things will get better now that you’re here.
You’ve been through so much.
I’m really sorry.
”
Miley embraced her with all her might, replying, “I’m ready to give Neville another chance.
He’s not going to leave me behind.
”
At that moment, Stella’s phone started to ring.
She checked the caller ID and saw it was Neville.
Stella passed the phone to Miley, encouraging her to take the call.
Miley dried her eyes before she picked up.
Neville’s voice came through, filled with worry.
“Stella, have you seen Miley?”
Hearing his voice made Miley’s heart sink even more, and tears started flowing again.
“Neville, I’m at Prosper Bay.
”
“Miley?” Neville let out a sigh filled with relief.
“I’m on my way.
Stay there!”
The call ended abruptly.
Shortly after, the doorbell chimed.
Miley raced to the door with Stella right behind her.
There, Miley and Neville shared a tight embrace.
Witnessing the reunion, Stella’s face lit up with a contented smile.
Suddenly, Stella felt someone’s firm grip from behind.
Surprised, she relaxed when a familiar scent enveloped her.
Seeing Miley and Neville hugging before her, she breathed a sigh of relief.
“They’ve finally found each other.
”
Resting his chin on Stella’s shoulder, Matthew whispered in her ear, “Now you can breathe easy.
”
Turning to him, Stella gazed into his eyes, smiling before leaning in for a ki*s.
Taking his hand, she guided him back to the room, saying, “You can finally assist me with Bella’s test.
I have an idea.
”
Understanding he couldn’t sway her, Matthew grinned and replied, “Sure, I’m all ears.
”
Taking her hand, he led her to the study.
While positioning a camera in front of the desk, Stella explained, “I’ll document the entire process.
If I get any new insights later, I can review the footage and make adjustments.
Otherwise, I might forget my ideas.
”
###chapter1560
Matthew nodded in agreement.
Seated beside Matthew, Stella observed him holding a pen and proceeded to articulate her thoughts in detail.
She maintained an unwavering gaze, promptly offering suggestions for revisions.
Their collaboration was seamless; deeply engrossed in the project, they were interrupted by a knock at the door, followed by Haley’s entrance as she pushed it open.
Carrying a steaming glass of milk, she made her way to the desk.
“I noticed you hadn’t eaten anything this morning.
I was worried you might be hungry, so I warmed up some milk for you.
”
As she spoke, her eyes subtly drifted toward the painting on the desk.
Adopting a concerned tone, she queried, “Why are you still working? You’re injured.
”
Meeting Haley’s gaze with a bright smile, Stella reassured, “It’s fine.
Matthew can assist me.
”
Haley nodded approvingly.
“That’s good.
But remember to take care of yourself.
”
Stella nodded.
Matthew’s attention had been fixed on Haley since her arrival.
Noting her lingering presence, he inquired, “Is there anything else?”
After a brief pause, Haley offered an awkward smile.
“No, I’ll head out now.
Carry on with your work.
” Placing the milk on the desk, she exited the room.
Noticing the solemn expression on Matthew’s face, Stella couldn’t resist pinching his cheek lightly.
“She just dropped by with some warm milk.
No need to be so serious.
It’s impolite.
”
Matthew turned to Stella, his tone grave.
“Don’t you find her behavior odd?”
“No.
” After a moment of contemplation, Stella sighed.
“It’s just that sometimes I feel there’s a certain distance between us, despite her gestures.
They say there’s a real connection between mother and daughter, some sort of telepathy.
But between Haley and me, there seems to be something lacking.
”
Her brow furrowed slightly as she expressed her thoughts.
That lingering distance was why she couldn’t bring herself to call Haley her mother.
Matthew’s gaze darkened as he reiterated his concern.
“Despite the DNA report confirming your relationship, something about her feels off.
Anyway, I think she…”
“Stop!” Stella interjected.
She knew where his thoughts were heading, that Haley wasn’t her real mother.
She disliked hearing it and didn’t want Matthew to interrogate Haley in her presence.
“Don’t speak nonsense.
How could the report be false? You have to trust the experts,” Stella asserted firmly.
Matthew sensed her frustration, yet he felt compelled to caution her, fearing she might face disappointment in the end.
Gazing at Stella’s injured hand, he murmured, “I suspect she might have staged your injury.
”
###chapter1561
Stella looked at him incredulously.
Despite understanding her expression, Matthew persisted, “Since you don’t believe me, let’s try something.
”
Stella clenched her lips, choosing to hold her tongue.
She realized that without Matthew letting go of his suspicions, the matter would never end.
She held on to the hope that Matthew would ease up on his doubts regarding Haley.
After hesitating for a while, Stella nodded and said, “You can try it if you want, but I still hope you’ll stop overthinking.
”
Matthew narrowed his eyes, maintaining his calm demeanor.
“We must proceed with caution.
”
Neville followed Miley as she led the way into her room, where they snuggled up on the sofa.
Nestled in his embrace, memories flooded Miley’s mind, recalling the sheer terror of her kidnapping.
“I was so scared.
Wyatt said we were on a deserted island, and I was terrified of the wild animals that might roam at night.
I thought I’d never see you again.
”
Her voice quivered with emotion as she continued, “I managed to escape and find a boat, but I didn’t know how to row at all…” Her words caught in her throat, and the more she spoke, the deeper her distress became.
She buried her face in Neville’s chest, trembling with tears.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you sooner.
You must have been terrified,” Neville murmured, holding her close as she cried in his arms.
He understood the importance of allowing Miley to fully express her emotions.
Gently stroking her back, he continued, “But it’s all over now.
I’ve secured a significant order for Pierce Group.
Once Grandma wakes up, my parents will know the truth, and they’ll accept us.
We will finally have our happy ending.
”
Miley felt relief wash over her as Neville’s words sank in, findi
ng comfort in his presence.
They held each other tightly for a while until Miley’s stomach grumbled.
Blushing slightly, she pushed Neville away.
With a warm smile, he wiped the tears from the corners of her eyes and said, “I’ll whip up something special.
I’ve got some beef.
It’s time for you to taste my cooking.
”
He planted a tender ki*s on Miley’s cheek and instructed, “Just wait here for a moment.
”
With that, Neville rose from the sofa and retrieved the beef before disappearing into the kitchen.
The sound of running water from the kitchen gave Miley a sense of warmth.
Noticing the suitcase left on the floor, Miley decided to lend Neville a hand.
She began removing the clothes one by one until she stumbled upon a black bag nestled within.
Intrigued, Miley picked it up and unzipped it, revealing a camera inside.
“A camera? Did he bring this along on his business trip?” Miley muttered.
She settled back onto the sofa and powered on the camera.
###chapter1562
Miley was eager to see what Neville had captured.
As the screen illuminated, a woman’s figure appeared in a video, lying on a bed with Neville nearby.
Miley’s expression changed slightly, and her hand trembled, but she continued to watch.
However, her apprehension melted away when she saw Neville kicking the woman out of bed.
Despite her initial surprise, Miley couldn’t help but chuckle softly.
Realizing that Neville hadn’t engaged in anything untoward, Miley decided not to inquire further about the woman’s identity.
Silently, she tucked the camera away.
Just then, Neville called out, “Miley, dinner’s ready.
”
“Coming!” Miley replied cheerfully before making her way to the dining room, her heart brimming with joy.
As she entered, she was greeted by a beautifully decorated dining table adorned with a flickering candlestick arranged by Neville.
Bathed in the warm glow of the candlelight, the atmosphere exuded romance and coziness.
Neville pulled out a chair for Miley, inviting her to take a seat.
The two engaged in delightful conversation throughout the meal, enjoying each other’s company.
Once dinner concluded, Neville decided to set the mood further by playing soft music.
Extending his hand, he invited Miley to join him in a dance.
‘s BunnyBookery
Miley placed her hand on his shoulder and met Neville’s gaze, her heart fluttering with affection as his hand rested on her waist.
Together, they moved in perfect harmony across the floor.
Lost in the moment, Miley began to feel dizziness wash over her, causing her to slow her pace and rest her head against Neville’s chest.
They drew closer to one another, moving in a slow, intimate rhythm.
In her haze, Miley felt something pressing against her belly, causing her cheeks to flush crimson with surprise.
She stammered, “Neville, you…”
Neville lowered his head and captured Miley’s lips in a deep, passionate ki*s.
The following morning, at Prosper Bay, Matthew and Stella were having breakfast when Haley descended the stairs, her sluggish movements indicating a restless night’s sleep.
Matthew cast a glance her way before clearing his throat, breaking the silence.
Addressing Stella, he proposed, “Honey, after breakfast, let’s head to the cafe near the art exhibition.
”
Haley paused in her descent upon hearing this.
Intrigued, Stella inquired, “Why do you want to go there?”
Matthew explained, “I’ve discovered who was responsible for hurting you that day.
We need to go there.
”
His sentence trailed off as his gaze shifted to Haley.
“Haley, would you like to join us?”
“Me?” Haley, taken aback, felt flustered.
Slowly making her way to the table, she forced a stiff smile.
“I don’t think I need to be there.
I’m not sure what I could contribute.
I might just get in the way.
”
###chapter1563
Staring intently at Haley, Matthew reiterated, “You were there that day.
You should come with us.
”
Haley realized that continuing to refuse would only raise suspicions.
With a forced smile, she acquiesced, nodding in agreement.
Seating herself at the table, she mechanically began to eat her breakfast, her mind consumed with thoughts of what to do next.
Haley knew that confronting the homeless man then and there would risk blowing her cover entirely.
Furthermore, if her true identity were exposed, she knew that Matthew would not be lenient.
Gripping the spoon tightly, she felt a surge of anxiety wash over her.
She couldn’t afford to sit idly by and do nothing.
Once breakfast concluded and Matthew and Stella retreated to their room to change, Haley seized the opportunity to contact Kristian.
She hastened back to her room and locked the door behind her.
Dialing Kristian’s number, she waited anxiously for him to answer.
“Kristian, I need your guidance,” she implored, her voice laced with urgency.
“Please, help me.
”
“Don’t worry.
” Kristian’s indifferent voice echoed through the phone.
“Your best bet now is to prepare to escape.
”
“What? What do you mean?” Haley’s shock was palpable.
“Your only chance is to flee.
When the moment comes, head for the motorcycle parked near the cafe.
If anything goes wrong, make your getaway.
I’ll arrange for someone to pick you up.
”
Before Haley could respond, there was a knock on her door.
Outside, Stella asked, “Haley, are you ready?”
With a resigned sigh, Haley pocketed her phone, realizing she had no choice but to follow Kristian’s instructions.
She joined Stella and Matthew as they made their way to the cafe.
Stepping out of the vehicle, Haley couldn’t shake the uneasy feeling settling in her gut.
Something was off-the cafe, usually bustling with customers, now stood eerily deserted.
Her apprehension only grew stronger with each passing moment.
As Matthew held Stella close, he turned to find Haley frozen in place.
“Haley, why did you stop there?”
His smile sent shivers down Haley’s spine, filling her with dread.
She replied hastily, “I’ll join you in a moment.
”
###chapter1564
Her eyes darted around until they landed on a motorcycle parked by the roadside, a glimmer of relief washing over her.
As they settled into the cafe, Fernando entered with another man in tow who appeared disheveled and unkempt, resembling a homeless individual.
His eyes were obscured by long, matted hair; his body was caked with mud; and his nails were overgrown.
Trembling with panic, the man awaited instructions.
“Proceed,” Fernando commanded.
The homeless man raised his head, scanning the room until his gaze fixated on Haley.
He lunged toward her and shouted, “It’s her! She’s the one! She told me to push the door!”
“Let go of me! Stop talking nonsense!” Haley cried out in fear, desperately struggling against the homeless man’s grip.
Despite her efforts, his hold only tightened, his jagged nails digging into her skin, causing her intense pain that rendered her immobile.
Frantically, she pleaded with Stella for assistance.
“Stella, please!
I’m your mother.
You have to believe me! This man is just a stranger!”
Yet, the man’s grip remained firm as he locked eyes with Haley, his expression contorted with rage.
Through gritted teeth, he accused her, “You hired someone to kill me! You offered me money to do your dirty work! But I took your money and fled the city, sparing my life.
My friend wasn’t so lucky.
He died because of me, and now, I’ll have my vengeance!”
Stella watched the unfolding scene in shock, her voice quivering as she questioned, “Why? Why would you pay a homeless man to hurt me? Am I not your daughter?”
“Nonsense! He’s making things up!” Haley blurted, her voice laced with desperation.
Tears welled in her eyes as she faced Stella’s hurt expression and Matthew’s icy glare.
Panic surged through her, but a flicker of hope remained.
She had a trump card-the DNA test.
Taking a deep breath, she pleaded, “Stella, believe me.
I’m your mother.
We’ve been apart for so long, but now we’ve finally found each other.
Why would I hurt you? Trust me, I didn’t do this.
”
“It was you!” Just then, the homeless man lunged towards Haley, his hand raised in anger.
Before he could strike, Fernando intervened.
Matthew cast him a glance, and Fernando ordered the bodyguards to escort Haley away.
Haley struggled as two large men seized her arms.
Fernando snorted.
“Fine, if you refuse to confess.
We’ll investigate.
But until the truth comes out, you’re leaving Prosper Bay.
I’ll find you somewhere else.
”
He leaned closer, his voice dropping to a menacing whisper.
“Just stay quiet and wait.
When you’re ready to admit your actions, you can emerge.
But know this, Mr.
Clark has a variety of methods to make you talk.
”
His chilling words sent shivers down Haley’s spine.
Her gaze darted up to meet his cold stare, then quickly dropped away.
Without a word, Fernando barked an order, and the bodyguards began dragging Haley away.
Fear choked Haley.
She threw a frantic look towards Stella, but the latter was motionless.
###chapter1565
Was Stella just going to let this happen?
“Wait! I’ll confess!” Haley suddenly cried out, her voice cracking.
The bodyguards paused.
“I admit it.
I hurt Stella!” Haley’s voice came out rushed, but Stella captured every word.
Stella’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“Why? Why would you do something like that?”
Haley lifted her head slowly.
“Come closer; I’ll tell you why.
”
Without a moment’s hesitation, Stella took a step forward.
But before she could get any closer, Matthew intervened, grabbing her wrist.
Stella squeezed his hand reassuringly and stepped closer to Haley, stopping just out of reach.
Their eyes locked.
Suddenly, Haley lunged.
She clamped her teeth down on a bodyguard’s arm, drawing a sharp cry of pain.
She then grabbed Stella’s injured wrist and shoved her away.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Stella!” Matthew roared.
“Mrs.
Clark!”
The scene was pure chaos.
Stella hit the ground, a sharp pain shooting from her wrist through her en
tire body.
Everything happened so fast, catching everyone off guard.
Matthew rushed to her side.
“How are you holding up?” he asked in concern.
He then turned to the bodyguards.
“Get the car!”
Tears welled in Stella’s eyes as she glanced towards the door, only to find Haley had vanished without a trace.
Fernando wasted no time and dashed after Haley, but she was already speeding away on her motorcycle.
Determined to catch her, he sped off in pursuit.
Haley’s adrenaline was pumping as she pushed the throttle, causing billboards to shake as she passed.
Pedestrians on the street hurriedly moved out of her way.
Cursing silently, she saw the car trailing her in the rearview mirror.
As they approached a sharp turn, Haley’s Lips curled.
As long as she took the turn, she’d be able to escape.
She hit the brake.
But the motorcycle didn’t slow down as expected.
She pressed the brake again, but it had no effect.
###chapter1566
Realization hit her like a ton of bricks, and she yelled, “Kristian, you bastard!”
The motorcycle collided with the guardrail at full speed.
Haley was sent flying several meters before crashing heavily onto the ground.
Haley fell and hit the back of her head on the hard ground with a heavy thud.
Fernando, who had just caught up, was completely shocked by the sudden turn of events.
He quickly got out of his car and rushed over to her.
‘s BunnyBookery
Haley’s eyes and mouth were wide open, as though she was trying to say something.
Fernando tried to calm down and quickly called for an ambulance.
After he ended the call, he checked for her breathing by placing his finger under her nose.
But then, he suddenly pulled his hand back.
Haley wasn’t breathing.
Fernando stood up and walked over to the wrecked motorcycle.
He inspected it thoroughly.
Considering how fast Haley had been going, it seemed clear she knew how to handle a motorcycle.
An accident like this seemed almost impossible.
He soon noticed something odd about the motorcycle’s brake.
The brake line had been tampered with, cut short.
Narrowing his eyes, Fernando remembered the way Haley had been riding and started to suspect it wasn’t just her own skill at play.
Could someone have set this up?
He pondered over this possibility.
As he was lost in thought, the ambulance arrived.
The medical staff immediately started to provide first aid to Haley.
Shortly after, the doctor stood up, shaking his head.
“She hit her head pretty hard when she fell, and she lost a lot of blood.
I’m afraid she didn’t make it.
You’ll need to inform her family and get things ready for the funeral.
”
Fernando nodded, stepped aside, and made a call to Matthew.
“Haley was in a car crash, and she didn’t survive.
Someone tampered with her motorcycle’s brake line.
”
On the other end, Matthew was silent for a beat before responding, “It looks like whoever was on her side decided they couldn’t keep her safe anymore.
They didn’t want to drag themselves into trouble, so they chose to end her life.
”
“What do we do now?” Fernando asked.
After a moment of thought, Matthew instructed, “Get me a sample of Haley’s hair.
I need to do another paternity test,”
He then ended the call.
###chapter1567
As Stella stepped out of the examination room, she noticed Matthew still on his phone.
“Did you find her? What did she have to say?”
From the cafe to the hospital, confusion had clouded her mind.
It had taken her quite a while to come to terms with Haley being her mother.
Yet now, it seemed all of that was a lie, and there was even a plan to harm her.
Matthew put away his phone, approached her, and wrapped her in a comforting embrace.
“Promise me, you’ll keep your calm no matter what news I share.
”
Stella nodded, her voice muffled.
“Okay.
”
After a moment’s hesitation, Matthew said honestly, “Haley has passed away.
”
“What?” In disbelief, Stella lifted her head to look at him.
“How is that possible?”
She had a multitude of questions she wanted to ask Haley.
How could she have died already?
Matthew gave a slight nod, confirming, “She had a car accident.
Her brake failed because someone had tampered with her brake line.
”
Struggling to contain her shock, Stella inquired, “Who would do such a thing?”
With a serious expression, Matthew replied, “Someone must be behind her.
And now that Haley’s been killed, this person probably believes they’ve covered their tracks.
I’ve gotten Fernando to continue investigating.
”
At Seamarsh Airport, Kristian carried his suitcase, his face hidden behind a mask.
He had his phone on one hand while he looked around with caution.
Once the call he initiated connected to the other line, he murmured, “Haley didn’t make it.
I already took care of her.
”
Elizabeth stood up from the sofa upon hearing the news.
“Useless!”
Kristian had to distance the phone from his ear upon hearing Elizabeth’s reaction.
Elizabeth had nothing to say but blame Kristian.
“I already warned you before that your plan wouldn’t work.
I trusted you because you were confident.
Yet, you couldn’t even hold up until Stella’s wedding.
You’re such an incompetent loser!”
Like Elizabeth, Kristian was upset.
He was convinced that Haley was the right woman for the job, but he was wrong.
He didn’t expect her to make mistakes as soon as she approached Stella.
In the end, she was weak-willed and a failure.
But since he chose her, he should take the blame for her mistakes.
That was why even though he was frustrated, too, he just chose to silently accept Elizabeth’s wrath.
“What should we do next then?”
Kristian’s question put Elizabeth in deep thought.
She sat back on the sofa to think, but nothing came to her.
###chapter1568
“Go back to Dorburn first,” she replied instead, growing impatient.
“We’ll talk about the other things later.
” She hung up.
The busy tone on Kristian’s end surprised him.
Once he realized he had been hung up on, his face became red from anger.
He raised his hand, intending to throw his phone in fury.
But he realized he would draw attention to himself once he did with the amount of people crowding around him, making him lower his arm.
He reclaimed his composure and proceeded to the boarding gate of the airport while carrying his suitcase.
He stopped when he walked past a deli, wanting to bring Bella some local snacks.
He was away from Dorburn for a long time.
It was due time for him to go back and make up to Bella.
The sun was long gone, and the sky had gone dark when Fernando sent the DNA test report to Matthew.
Once Matthew had looked at it, he carried it back to his room to show it to Stella.
However, upon noticing the injury on her wrist, he took the liberty to open the report first before handing it to her.
“A DNA test?” Stella read the bold words in shock.
“I asked Fernando to rerun the DNA test between you and Haley,”
Matthew answered her nonchalantly.
Stella took her time to browse through the report until the last line, which she read, “The two samples are unrelated.
”
She didn’t know what to feel about it because she was feeling everything at once, so she repeated the result over and over in her head.
Matthew set the DNA result aside and pulled her into his arms.
“This is good.
Now that you know you’re not related to Haley, you won’t make the same mistakes in the future.
Besides, Haley had ill-intentions.
No one could tell what kind of horrible things she would’ve done next.
”
However, Matthew’s words didn’t seem to register in Stella’s mind as she sat there preoccupied with her own thoughts.
“Then, who’s my mother?” she murmured absentmindedly.
“Where is she?”
She tried to think about it.
Since someone obviously asked Haley to pretend to be her mother, there must be at least one person who knew who her real mother was.
Otherwise, the odds were unfavorable.
Matthew felt his heart wrench in pain as he watched Stella get so upset with the news.
This made him decide to finally tell her what he thought.
“I have a guess.
I’m not sure, yet, so I haven’t told you…”
“What is it?” Stella asked him, her brows knitted in confusion.
“I’m suspecting that Bella is your biological mother,” Matthew replied.
“What did you just say? Bella is my mother?” Stella’s eyes widened in shock.
She had to clarify, “You mean the Bella who asked us to take her test?”
She wanted to confirm if they were talking about the same Bella she knew.
###chapter1569
Matthew gave her a serious nod, “Yes, I’ve been looking into it for quite a while, but wasn’t certain.
Then Haley arrived with the DNA test results that proved you two were related.
I hadn’t mentioned anything about Bella before this.
”
Hearing this, Stella got up and began to pace the room, her mind racing.
She had always admired Bella and entertained the idea of Bella being her mother.
However, she quickly shook off the thought.
‘s BunnyBookery
Facing Matthew, she searched his eyes for any sign of deception but found none.
Disheartened, she sat back down.
“But if Bella is really my mother, why hasn’t she acknowledged me? Plus, she already has a daughter named Elizabeth, doesn’t she?”
She thought it over and felt upset.
“I can’t recall ever having a sister.
Are you sure you haven’t got it mixed up, Matthew?”
Matthew was grappling with the same doubts.
Yet, Haley’s recent slip-up made him more convinced than ever that he was on the right track.
After a brief pause, he gently placed his hand on Stella’s shoulder and whispered, “Try not to be too upset.
It’s possible that it’s been so long Bella thought her daughter was gone and didn’t recognize you.
”
“Is that so?” Stella looked down, overwhelmed by sadness.
Seeing her like this made Matthew’s heart hurt.
He reassured her with patience, “Don’t lose hope.
Perhaps when we meet Bella again, we could verify it.
”
Hope flickered in Stella’s eyes, quickly shadowed by worry.
After a moment’s thought, she shared her fears with Matthew, “If Bella really is my mother, then someone must have caught wind of it and decided to stir trouble.
That must be why Haley showed up.
”
She took hold of Matthew’s arm and said, “Haley passed away as soon as everything came to Light, meaning the enemy has eyes on us at all times.
What about our wedding?”
“Don’t worry.
I’ll sort out the security,” Matthew said quietly.
“Our wedding is just around the corner, and with it, the Prosperity Group’s enemies will be watching us closely.
I’ll keep a closer eye out and prevent them from making their move.
”
At a restaurant, three men eyeing Prosperity Group were savoring some high-quality sashimi.
Emil, taking a small bite of his sashimi, chewed it slowly, visibly pleased.
He glanced at the two men across from him and said, “I’ve thrown some money into Prosperity Group’s construction project in North city, and I’ve entered the bid for their new laser venture.
I reckon I’ll be joining them as a partner soon.
”
After a brief pause, he added, “Moreover, I’ve got a few of their shareholders on my payroll.
I’m pretty sure Prosperity Group will be in our hands before long.
”
Looking pleased, Edmund turned to Benny and asked, “My crew and gear are all set.
When do you plan to make your move?
Benny put his fork down, looked out the window with a confident grin, and said, “I’ve got a wedding gift planned for Matthew.
”
Flossie arrived home close to eleven, but Benny was still out.
He had called earlier, saying he was going to catch up with Edmund.
###chapter1570
Guys tend to drink at work dos, so Flossie shrugged it off.
She slipped into comfy slippers, tossed her bag, and hit the bathroom for a hot shower.
Post-shower, she slumped on the couch, flicked on the TV, and waited for Benny.
Lately, her modeling gigs had kept her crazy busy.
She hadn’t spoken to Benny properly in a while.
Running her hand over her belly, Flossie noticed the bump growing these past weeks.
With a faint smile, she realized her model friends looked after her and Benny made sure she ate right, so pregnancy fatigue wasn’t much of a bother.
She felt over the moon these days and was especially eager to spill the beans to Benny.
Would he share in her excitement?
Lost in thought, Flossie surfed channels until she stumbled upon a soap opera.
Some guy in the show was confronting his lady about a letter from his ex…
Flossie could not concentrate on the show.
She couldn’t muster the courage to hand over Evelyn’s letter to Benny.
What if he found it and blamed her?
The more she dwelled on it, the more nervous and jittery she became.
She dreaded Benny’s reaction the most-would he leave her?
With a baby on the way, Flossie dreaded the thought of her child growing up fatherless like she had.
Thinking about it, Flossie felt anxious.
Tossing the remote, she dashed to the room and yanked open the wardrobe drawer.
She hesitated before summoning courage to grab the letter.
With a deep breath, she headed to Benny’s study, letter in hand.
Honesty was key for their relationship.
Choosing to love him meant there was no room for doubts, and Evelyn’s letter shouldn’t interfere with what they had together.
If Benny got mad post-reading, she’d own up and apologize.
But if he could brush off Evelyn, they’d be set for a happily-ever-after.
###chapter1571
Flossie left the letter by his computer and was about to leave the room when her hand brushed the mouse, lighting up the screen.
Caught off guard, she paused, eyeing the screen’s contents.
It was all news about Matthew.
She scrolled through, seeing nothing but news about him.
Flossie’s brows knitted in confusion.
Why was Benny checking out Matthew’s news?
Suddenly, a memory flashed-Matthew’s assistant on the day Benny got shot.
She shook her head, muttering, “No, it can’t be.
It must have been a mix-up.
”
She had been so flustered at the time that she could easily have made this mistake.
‘s BunnyBookery
How did Benny even know Matthew?
She flipped through, trying to figure out what else caught Benny’s eye.
Footsteps neared the room, making her panic.
Flossie tried to close the tab, but Benny barged in before she could.
Caught red-handed, Flossie faced Benny, her heart racing.
He scowled, demanding, “What are you doing in here?”
Flossie instinctively hid the envelope, meeting his gaze head-on.
“Why are you reading about Matthew?” she fired back.
Benny’s eyes darted to the screen, realization dawning.
He had
forgot to shut down.
Flustered, he mumbled, “I just happened to stumble upon it.
”
“Really?” Flossie eyed him skeptically.
Benny felt a twitch at the corner of his eye.
He looked over at Flossie, running through the details on his computer in his mind to double-check that his plans were still under wraps.
Feeling a bit more at ease, he approached Flossie, took a quick glance at her computer screen, and asked, “Why on earth would I Lie to you? You mentioned that Stella, your best friend, is getting married to Matthew, right? So, I just got curious when I saw something about him.
Don’t overthink it.
”
Flossie paused, casting her eyes down as she pondered for a brief moment.
Then, lifting her gaze to meet Benny’s, she responded, “Okay, I’ll trust you for now.
”
She glanced at the clock, and it was already past midnight.
“Have you eaten yet? How about a late-night snack? I can cook something up for you.
”
With that, she started to move around the desk, heading towards the door.
###chapter1572
It was only then that Benny noticed she had been keeping her hands behind her back while they talked, sparking his curiosity.
“What are you hiding behind your back?”
Flossie halted, remembering she had concealed Evelyn’s letter earlier.
But now that things had turned out this way, she had no option but to take out the letter.
Turning around, she avoided lifting her head or meeting Benny’s gaze.
She uttered, “Um…this is…a letter from Evelyn.
I was…”
“Hand it over!” Benny cut in sharply before she could finish.
Flossie was shocked by his voice.
‘s BunnyBookery
She lifted her gaze to Benny standing before her, a hint of sadness in her eyes.
Tears began to form.
“Does this letter mean that much to you?”
Benny didn’t respond.
He just took the letter from her hands.
Startled by his silence, Flossie stepped back, a mix of fear and confusion in her movements.
Without a glance her way, Benny murmured, “Go and get some rest.
I’ve already eaten, so no need to cook anything.
”
Tears rolled down Flossie’s cheeks.
She felt wronged and he
r heart ached, yet she chose not to protest.
She wanted to maintain her self -respect.
“Alright then.
” Drying her eyes, she turned and left the study, the door closing with a thud behind her.
Benny hurried to his desk, his fingers trembling as they clutched the envelope.
The familiar handwriting on it brought a wave of sadness over him.
He inhaled deeply and carefully opened the letter.
It was brief, yet Benny took his time reading it, his eyes growing mistier with each word.
Tears dropped, blurring the ink on the page.
Clutching the letter close, he whispered, “I’m sorry…”
This letter was from Evelyn, written before the accident.
It brimmed with hope for their future together.
She had begged him to leave his questionable dealings behind and leave with her.
If he had heeded her words, he would not have lost her.
Benny’s hands shook as he read the letter again and again, tears streaming down his face.
###chapter1573
When he got to the last sentence, “I love you forever,” it was like he snapped.
Overcome with grief and regret, Benny let out a sorrowful cry.
In the bedroom, Flossie lay on the bed, trying desperately to sleep.
Yet, every time she closed her eyes, images of Benny, alone in the study, haunted her.
Opening her eyes, she gazed at the ceiling, deep in thought.
She worried about Benny finding the letters.
Would he be angry with her for keeping Evelyn’s letter a secret?
Or could reading the letter help him to find peace?
At this moment, Flossie wished she hadn’t given him the letter.
She touched her stomach, whispering to her unborn child, “Have I made a mistake? What will we do if he leaves us?”
After saying that, tears dripped from the corner of her eyes.
An hour later, the bedroom door was pushed open.
Flossie felt her heart drop.
She hadn’t anticipated Benny’s arrival so early.
Could he be here to reprimand her?
Quickly, she shut her eyes, feigning sleep.
Yet, she couldn’t stop her body from shaking, nor her heart from racing.
Under the covers, her hands were clenched tight.
She then felt the bed dip slightly behind her and a familiar scent wafted to her, ramping up her anxiety.
What was her next move? Wake up or keep up the act of sleeping?
As she debated, she suddenly felt an embrace from behind.
The warmth at her back made Flossie stiffen, her breath caught.
She remained motionless.
This moment was too precious to spoil.
For so long, she had yearned for this, not once considering a replacement for Evelyn.
ALL she wanted was Benny’s affection.
She hoped with time, Benny would shed his guilt over Evelyn and see her as his partner.
Had he chosen her this time?
###chapter1574
Without turning around to confirm, Flossie held back.
Fearful it was all a dream, tears began to fall freely.
Maybe it was Benny’s comforting hold or his silence, but gradually, Flossie’s anxiety eased.
She started to think that maybe she hadn’t gotten Benny wrong after all.
Maybe he really did want to start a fresh chapter of their lives together.
With this thought, she found peace and drifted off to sleep.
The next day, Flossie woke up to find herself snuggled up in Benny’s embrace, which took her by surprise for a moment.
‘s BunnyBookery
Lifting her head slightly, her heart raced at the sight of his attractive face.
She muttered to herself, “What I had done right in life to deserve being with such a good-looking man and sharing a future with our child.
”
Lost in her thoughts, she barely noticed when Benny woke up.
The instant he opened his eyes, he noticed Flossie’s enchanted expression.
Flossie glanced elsewhere timidly.
Benny couldn’t resist a chuckle.
He then ki*sed her forehead gently and said, “Feeling hungry? I’ll cook us some breakfast.
”
He was about to get out of bed when Flossie caught his wrist, holding him back.
Her look was a mix of affection and Lingering uncertainty.
Benny looked puzzled.
Flossie bit her lip, hesitating.
After a moment, she asked, “Isn’t there something you want to say to me? About that letter from last night…”
“Evelyn wants me to have a good life.
I think…I need to listen to her,” Benny began, his eyes lowered.
“Really?” Flossie’s voice shook, tears brimming in her eyes.
“Yes, I’ve moved on.
Now that I have you, I promise to treasure you,”
Benny assured her.
Flossie was shocked, disbelief coloring her voice.
Tears gathered in her eyes as she clutched Benny’s hand tighter.
“Say that one more time!”
With a loving smile, Benny repeated, “From here on out, it’s you and me.
I’m going to take care of you…”
Just as he was about to finish speaking, Flossie interrupted him.
###chapter1575
She rushed into his embrace, wrapping her arms around his waist tightly.
Overwhelmed with joy and relief, she cried.
“You know, I was so scared you might leave me after last night.
”
Benny gently rubbed her back, chuckling.
“You worry too much.
”
A gentle breeze fluttered the white curtains at the open window.
Benny gazed outside momentarily.
Then, turning back to Flossie, he offered, “Let me make you breakfast.
What would you like?”
Upon hearing that, Flossie lifted her head from his embrace, her eyes sparkling.
“Sandwiches will do.
”
“Alright.
” Benny planted another ki*s on her forehead before exiting the room.
Watching him go, Flossie couldn’t help but smile joyfully.
She then Lay back on the bed, gazing at the ceiling, and gave her cheek a light pinch.
It stung, confirming this wasn’t a dream.
With Benny’s assurance, she finally felt at ease.
Everything that transpired the previous night was a toss of fate for her.
Luckily, she won.
For both Benny and her, this marked the start of a joyful journey.
In Dorburn, Kristian came back home.
Upon opening the door, he found Bella seated in the living area.
Bella glanced away from the computer screen upon hearing the sound and directed her gaze towards the entrance.
Initially frowning upon seeing Kristian, she then rose from her seat and approached him.
“Why has your recent business trip been extended?”
Her tone carried hints of reproach and dissatisfaction.
Upon hearing this, Kristian let out a sigh and adopted a solemn expression.
He gestured with his hand and remarked, “Forget about it.
Managing affairs in Seamarsh is challenging.
Prosperity Group has monopolized all resources, and Matthew Clark oversees everything.
”
“Matthew Clark?” Bella took the coat from his hand, furrowing her brow in puzzlement.
In her perception, Matthew had consistently been a courteous entrepreneur.
He exhibited modesty, competence, and a clear understanding of his limitations.
He didn’t appear to be someone who intentionally caused trouble for others.
Therefore, she inquired, “Are you certain it pertains to Matthew Clark from Prosperity Group?”
###chapter1576
Kristian stepped indoors and sneakily glanced at Bella.
“Who else in Seamarsh carries the same repute? However, during my stay, I overheard some details about the Clarks.
”
“What’s the matter?”
Noticing Bella’s interest, Kristian proceeded, “There’s a tale I heard, a lady visited Matthew’s residence, posing as a relative.
She might have been an opportunist, aiming to attach herself to Matthew.
Tragically, she met her demise at the hands of Matthew and his associates.
“What?” Bella exclaimed, taken aback by his revelation.
Kristian feigned fear and added, “The scene was terrifying.
Several men pursued and confronted her, leading to her demise on the street.
It’s truly dreadful.
”
Bella’s countenance darkened as she clutched her chest and inquired, “Is this account accurate?”
Kristian nodded affirmatively.
“I refrain from spreading unfounded rumors about the Clark family.
”
Bella remained silent, her expression grave.
Kristian advised with concern, “I suggest avoiding Seamarsh in the future and maintaining a distance from the Clarks.
Recall that Elizabeth previously upset Stella.
If Matthew retains any animosity, it could lead to complications.
”
As soon as he finished speaking, a female voice sounded nearby.
“Don’t speak nonsense.
”
Elizabeth descended the stairs and approached them.
She fixed Kristian with a disapproving gaze.
“Matthew and Stella are decent individuals.
You shouldn’t defame them based solely on rumors.
”
Kristian feigned concern and remarked, “Elizabeth, haven’t you been cautioned before? I believe you’re being overly lenient in their defense.
”
Elizabeth gauged Bella’s expression and sensed she had effectively persuaded her mother.
She felt content with the outcome.
She gave a discreet wink to Kristian, signaling for him to cease.
She didn’t want Bella to be suspicious.
Kristian comprehended and promptly halted.
Elizabeth grasped Bella’s arm and comforted her.
“Mom, don’t heed his words.
”
Subsequently, Kristian changed the topic.
From his suitcase, he produced snacks and offered them to Bella, saying, “These are from Seamarsh.
Try them.
”
Bella glanced at them but appeared preoccupied.
She accepted the snacks and forced a smile, saying, “I’ll enjoy them later while working in my room.
”
Observing Bella ascend the stairs and vanish from his view, Kristian hastened to Elizabeth and inquired with a flattering smile, “What is your opinion? Did I perform well just now?”
Elizabeth snorted contemptuously and remarked, “You’re audacious to even mention that.
You’ve complicated matters with that woman.
Focus on taking care of my mom now.
I’ll be stepping out for a bit.
”
###chapter1577
Curiously, Kristian inquired, “Where are you headed?”
She clenched her teeth and uttered, “I’m going to handle Stella.
Can I count on you, loser?”
Following her statement, she rolled her eyes at Kristian, turned away, and exited the room.
At the bar, the flashing lights illuminated the dance floor, which was crowded with people engulfed in the scent of alcohol.
While holding a deck of cards, Tanya asked the two wealthy men next to her, “Are we playing or what? You’re taking too long!”
At this moment, a familiar figure caught her eye.
Tanya tossed the cards onto the table and gestured at the wealthy men.
“I’m done for today.
I need to leave.
”
The men discarded their cards, stood, and departed.
Tanya waved to get Elizabeth’s attention.
‘s BunnyBookery
Elizabeth sat, tossed her bag aside, and ordered wine while humming a tune.
Observing Elizabeth closely, Tanya remarked, “Last time I saw you, you were quite concerned about handling Stella.
Now, with her wedding date nearing, you appear to be in high spirits.
What’s changed? Have you come up with a plan to deal with her?”
She winked in Elizabeth’s direction.
Elizabeth sat with her arms crossed and a sharp gaze, stating, “I’ve devised a plan, but I require your assistance.
”
“Me? How can I help?” Tanya asked with a smile, confused.
Elizabeth retrieved her phone and showed it to Tanya, signaling her to take a look.
It showed a picture of a girl.
Tanya studied the photo multiple times but didn’t recognize the person.
“Who’s this?”
Elizabeth grinned and explained, “I discovered her in my mother’s registration records.
She’s also from Seamarsh.
Despite being unqualified for the competition, she registered solely due to financial desperation.
”
Tanya was puzzled.
“What’s the plan?”
With a cunning expression, Elizabeth avoided answering Tanya’s question and instead continued, “The main reason she’s in financial trouble is because of her two brothers.
”
Tanya interrupted impatiently, “Why do you keep bringing up irrelevant people? Just tell me what to do.
I will definitely help you.
”
“Calm down.
” Elizabeth glared at her.
“Her two brothers’ favorite pastime is visiting the casino your cousin runs in Seamarsh.
They have already lost all their money there.
With a little pressure on your part, this girl will do anything for me.
”
“Simple!” Tanya exclaimed, understanding.
She picked up the phone and examined the girl in the photo.
“Devyn Padilla, correct? I’ll handle it!”
###chapter1578
Several days later, in Prosper Bay, Stella was occupied with work.
Despite her injured right hand, she managed to sketch with her left hand, although it was challenging.
Matthew would refine the details for her whenever he had the opportunity.
This action not only accelerated her workflow but also alleviated Matthew’s workload.
After a busy period, her left hand began to ache slightly.
Consequently, she set the pen aside and stretched.
Accidentally, she noticed a line of bodyguards in the courtyard.
Their black suits absorbed light, capturing her attention.
Stella lowered her hand and furrowed her brow.
Following Haley’s accidental death, Matthew feared further actions from those responsible, prompting him to send bodyguards to protect Stella in Prosper Bay.
Additionally, with the wedding approaching, Matthew exercised caution.
He instructed Stella to work from home, avoiding the studio.
Stella honored his choice, considering her injured right hand.
Recovery would take time, rendering studio work impractical.
Remaining at home for rest was deemed preferable.
While lost in thought, Stella’s phone rang.
Reading the caller’s name, Devyn, surprised her slightly.
Devyn?
The sudden call puzzled her.
Stella felt a surge of surprise at the unexpected call from Devyn.
Since leaving her job at Prosperity Group, she hadn’t spoken to Devyn much besides the occasional holiday greeting.
Reflecting on this, she greeted her with warmth.
“Devyn, how have you been lately?”
Devyn’s joyful response echoed through the line.
“It’s been too long since we last met.
I miss you.
Let’s catch up if you’re free.
”
“Sounds great.
” Stella readily agreed.
She glanced out the window at the weather and suggested, “Let’s make it today.
”
Having spent a considerable time recuperating at home following her hand injury, she felt a sudden urge to step outside and enjoy the fresh air.
###chapter1579
After ending the call, Stella swiftly changed into suitable attire and headed out to meet Devyn.
They had agreed to rendezvous at Stella’s preferred coffee shop.
Upon arrival, however, Stella didn’t spot Devyn.
Opting for a table, she ordered her beloved drink, though her injured hand prevented her from indulging in coffee as per her doctor’s advice.
Matthew had stashed away all the coffee at home, leaving her eagerly anticipating the taste.
As she took her first sip, a contented smile graced her lips.
With Devyn still nowhere in sight, Stella decided to make productive use of her time and opened her laptop to resume work.
About ten minutes later, the jingle of the cafe door drew Stella’s attention.
Glancing up, she caught sight of Devyn, her Long-unseen friend.
Hastily shutting down her laptop, Stella rose from her seat to greet her warmly.
Stella observed Devyn with concern, scrutinizing her appearance before gently touching her arm.
Frowning, she inquired, “Why have you lost so much weight? Matthew mentioned that you had resigned.
What have you been up to lately?”
She guided Devyn to a seat beside her as the waiter brought another cup of coffee.
Devyn smiled.
“I’m still working as a designer.
I’ve launched an online store and have been involved in various private projects.
That’s probably why I’ve shed a few pounds.
”
Devyn’s demeanor seemed slightly reserved as she lowered her head and adjusted the short hair near her ear.
Stella asked with worry, “Have you been facing financial difficulties lately?”
In her recollection, Devyn had always been a cheerful, carefree individual.
Yet today, Devyn appeared different from the girl Stella remembered, exuding an air of seriousness and fatigue.
Devyn shook her head, mustering a forced smile.
“I’m just paying my dues working hard to establish my career.
Please don’t worry about me.
”
She then shifted her gaze to Stella’s injured hand, inquiring, “What happened to your hand?”
Stella withdrew her hand, offering a brief explanation, “I injured it when a door slammed shut on me at an art exhibition.
It’s nearly healed now.
”
“I see,” Devyn responded with a tinge of sadness.
“Your right hand is injured; you need it for your designs.
You must care for yourself and allow your hand to heal fully.
”
“Don’t worry, I’ll be careful,” Stella reassured Devyn with a smile.
Devyn took a sip of her coffee before setting down the cup, her tone softening as she asked, “By the way, did you enter Bella’s competition?”
Stella confirmed that she had.
Devyn’s gaze drifted to Stella’s hand as she inquired, “What about your injury, then?”
###chapter1580
Stella smiled reassuringly.
“It’s nothing serious.
I can manage.
What about you? Did you also register?”
“Yes, I did.
But I doubt I’ll make much of an impact,” Devyn responded with a hint of indifference.
“I only entered to potentially boost my store’s reputation.
However, I have no doubt that you’ll emerge as the victor in the end.
”
“I’m not that skilled.
Don’t underestimate yourself.
You’re a talented designer.
Have faith in your skills,” Stella said.
Devyn’s smile faltered slightly as she lowered her head, concealing the frustration in her eyes.
Stella reached out and grasped Devyn’s hand gently.
“Now that you’re freelancing, why don’t you join me at Prosper Bay? We can collaborate and support each other.
You can count on me if you ever need guidance or assistance.
”
“Are you sure about this?” Devyn’s surprise was evident.
“But will your injured hand be a problem?”
“No worries.
Don’t stress over it,” Stella reassured Devyn with a smile.
“We were tight-knit at Prosperity Group.
I miss those days of collaboration.
Plus, my studio could benefit from your insights.
You’ll be a great help.
It’s no hassle at all.
”
Stella spoke sincerely, and Devyn accepted without hesitation.
“I’ll probably be bothering you quite often.
”
They spent two hours chatting in the cafe and reluctantly left as the sun began to set.
Upon leaving the cafe, Devyn noticed Stella’s car parked by the roadside.
Stella glanced at Devyn and inquired, “How are you getting home? Need a ride?”
Devyn waved dismissively.
“No, I’m good.
I’ve got a taxi on the way.
You head off.
Take care.
”
Stella nodded in understanding and said, “Okay, you take care.
Text me once you’re home.
”
“Sure thing,” Devyn replied, watching Stella depart.
Once the car vanished from view, Devyn looked away.
Devyn took a deep breath, retrieved her phone, and dialed a number.
“I’ve spoken to Stella as per your instructions.
Can you release my brothers now?” Devyn’s voice was low, her expression grave.
Elizabeth’s voice came through on the other end.
“I didn’t expect you to care about your brothers a lot.
But what good is just being friendly with her? You need to do something for me.
”
“What else is on your list?”
Devyn listened intently to the voice on the phone.
Her initial indifference faded, replaced by a sense of panic and unease.
###chapter1581
Her shadow stretched in the setting sun, and each word from Elizabeth deepened the darkness on her face.
Eventually, she balled her fists.
Devyn broke the silence, gritting out a single word.
“Fine.
”
Elizabeth breathed a sigh of relief at Devyn’s agreement.
“As a gesture of trust, I’ll give you a hundred grand upfront.
Spend it wisely.
There’s more where that came from once it’s done.
”
Devyn ended the call, tears welling in her eyes.
Raising her hand to brush away the tears, she left only resolve shining in her eyes.
Her family had shattered into pieces due to her brothers’ gambling addiction.
‘s BunnyBookery
Some years ago, they were a content family.
Despite her father’s premature passing, her two brothers assumed paternal roles, showering her with love and shielding her from any hardships.
But just a year ago, her mother was diagnosed with kidney disease, and the family’s entire savings were quickly drained to cover her medical bills.
Her brothers labored tirelessly to ensure their mother received proper care.
Without options, she had to resign from her job to attend to her mother’s needs.
Whenever she could spare a moment, she took on freelance work to contribute to the family’s financial stability.
Life presented its challenges, yet she remained steadfast.
However, what caught her off guard were her brothers, one after another, falling into the grip of gambling addiction.
Gambling resembled an endless pit; no matter how much money you poured into it, it was never sufficient.
Countless times, she was engulfed in sorrow.
Despite her brothers‘ numerous promises, they kept returning to the casino, unable to break free from its grip.
Consequently, they accumulated significant debt.
The thought of any harm befalling her brothers weighed heavily on her, knowing it would devastate their mother.
Thus, Devyn found herself cornered.
She stowed her phone away and gazed apathetically at the vanishing sun.
“Stella, you’ve gained it all now.
Even if your reputation falters, Matthew will be there for you.
Yet, I have nothing.
I’m sorry, Stella.
”
When Stella returned home and prepared to resume her drawing, her mind wandered back to the online store Devyn had mentioned.
Intrigued, she searched for the store’s name and navigated to its official page.
As she perused the site, Stella was impressed by its simple yet fashionable layout, perfectly reflecting Devyn’s unique style and catering to the taste of young consumers.
Each dress showcased on the page exuded Devyn’s creativity and attention to detail.
It was evident that she had poured her heart and soul into curating the shop.
Stella was relieved to see that Devyn hadn’t abandoned her passion for design after leaving Prosperity Group.
Enthralled by Devyn’s creations, Stella placed several orders to support her friend.
As Matthew returned home, he found Stella engrossed in her laptop, completely absorbed in whatever she was viewing.
With a quirked eyebrow, he approached her, but Stella remained focused on the screen.
###chapter1582
“The esteemed designer is so occupied that she didn’t even notice me returning,” Matthew teased, gently taking the laptop from her grasp.
“Take a break.
”
As he prepared to set the laptop aside, he glanced at the screen and noticed that Stella had been browsing an online store and even placed some orders.
Knowing Stella’s discerning taste as a designer, Matthew found her interest in this particular store intriguing.
Yet, upon further inspection, a faint frown creased his brow.
Turning to Stella, he inquired, “Since when have you taken an interest in such a small-scale online store? Are you studying your competitors?”
Stella shook her head and clarified, “This is Devyn’s store.
”
Devyn?
It took Matthew a moment to recall who Stella was referring to.
Setting the laptop aside, he pondered, “Hasn’t she been gone from my company for quite some time now? Have you kept in touch with her?”
“I haven’t been in contact with her for a while, but she reached out to me today,” Stella explained, her concern evident in her voice.
She sighed and continued, “She seems to be going through a tough time lately.
Can you offer her some assistance?”
Matthew paused for a moment before nodding.
“If you admire her designs, then I’ll do what I can to help her.
”
Stella’s face lit up with joy as she approached Matthew and planted a ki*s on his cheek.
“Thank you, honey!”
Feeling the warmth of her ki*s, Matthew’s expression softened, a tender smile playing on his lips.
He leaned in to reciprocate, but Stella gently pushed him back.
“Off you go, take a shower.
You still have work to do afterwards.
”
Matthew glanced at Stella with helplessness.
Understanding her concerns about Bella, he sighed and said, “Fine, I’ll do as you say this time.
”
Stella’s cheeks flushed at his words.
“Go on, take your shower.
”
Without further ado, Matthew turned and headed for the bathroom.
As Stella watched him leave, thoughts of Bella flooded her mind again.
If Bella were her mother, she would be overjoyed.
Lost in her thoughts, Stella reached for a chocolate bar, taking a bite as inspiration struck.
She lowered her head and resumed her drawing.
Meanwhile, in Dorburn, Bella found herself struggling with her design, lacking the inspiration needed to continue.
Frustrated, she leaned back in her seat and closed her eyes in an attempt to clear her mind.
However, her thoughts drifted to Kristian’s warning about Matthew, causing her to snap her eyes open, her expression grave.
If Kristian’s words held any truth, Matthew could pose a real danger.
###chapter1583
Yet, Bella couldn’t shake the feeling that Matthew wasn’t the person Kristian painted him to be.
Why would Kristian lie to her?
Conflicted and confused, Bella reached for the snacks Kristian had brought.
A peculiar taste caught her attention as she absentmindedly nibbled on a chocolate bar.
She examined the wrapper, noting the unique flavor.
‘s BunnyBookery
Opening another bar, Bella continued to eat when, all of a sudden, a hazy image flashed in her mind.
Bella set aside the chocolate bar, her expression shifting to a frown.
Two indistinct figures of a man and a woman emerged in her mind.
The man turned to the woman beside him with a gentle smile.
“You’ve never been one for sweets.
What’s changed now that you’re pregnant?”
“I’m not sure.
Perhaps it’s the baby’s craving,” the woman responded, cradling her belly with tender hands.
The man overlaid her hand with his own.
“Then have it as much as you like.
Once I start earning, I’ll buy you all the chocolate bars you could wish for.
”
The voice, warm and familiar, flowed over Bella like soothing water.
Though the man’s face remained unclear, she felt an inexplicable warmth from his gaze.
His eyes were gentle and full of affection.
Bella delved deep into her memories, certain she had never seen him.
How did a vision of his form in her mind then?
The memory felt so vivid, as if she had met him in real Life.
The thought caused an indescribable pain in her heart.
Bella grabbed her clothes, desperate to conjure the faces of the two individuals from her memory.
However, the effort soon led to a piercing headache.
Confusion marred her expression.
Why did she have a memory that wasn’t hers?
Deep down, she sensed the importance of it.
But who were these people?
As she clutched her head in agony, Bella let out a pained groan.
Just then, Kristian opened the door and walked in.
“What’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?” he asked, his features tensed with concern as he rushed to her side.
His voice brought Bella back to reality, offering a brief respite from her turmoil.
“Kristian… Bella murmured, grasping his hand.
Her complexion was pale, and she started trembling uncontrollably
###chapter1584
After a moment’s hesitation, Bella recounted the strange thing that just happened to her.
“Do you believe it’s possible to hold memories that don’t belong to you?” she asked, her gaze lowered.
She was so lost that she didn’t notice the shifting emotions playing across Kristian’s face.
“But I can’t seem to remember anything now.
Is there something wrong with me?” she added with a distressed shake of her head.
Self-doubt crept in, leaving her to question her own mind.
Kristian found himself in a tight spot.
“Can you recall anything else?” he asked, attempting to mask his unease with calm.
“Beyond what you’ve shared, is there anything else that comes to mind?”
Had Bella not been preoccupied with her thoughts, she might have detected the tremor of nervousness in his voice.
Bella shook her head, looking confused and distressed.
“No, that’s everything.
It’s all blurry, but I’m certain it wasn’t my own memory.
Kristian, what’s happening to me?”
Kristian breathed a sigh of relief.
“I think you’re tired.
The stress and overthinking may be causing your mind to make up something that doesn’t exist,” he responded, gripping Bella’s hand more firmly.
“Really?” Bella asked softly.
“Of course!” Kristian exclaimed with conviction.
“What you need now is rest.
Promise me you won’t worry about anything that hasn’t happened.
”
He tried to hide his uneasiness as he hugged her, wary of arousing her suspicions.
Bella nodded, believing Kristian’s explanation was reasonable.
She decided to suppress the perplexing thoughts and lingering doubts in her mind.
Despite Bella showing no signs of suspicion, Kristian’s worry didn’t wane.
He feared she might recall more and sought to divert her focus entirely.
“The night is still young.
It’s been ages since I’ve been home.
Let’s make the most of it,” he said, cradling Bella.
As he leaned down to lift her, Bella resisted and pushed him away.
“I’m exhausted.
Maybe some other time,” she responded, shaking her head.
Kristian felt disappointed and immediately lost his urge.
Late into the night, Bella drifted to sleep.
On the other hand, Kristian kept tossing and turning and could not fall asleep.
After wrestling with his thoughts for a while, he quietly got up and approached Elizabeth’s room.
“It’s me.
Open up,” he whispered, knocking softly at the door.
###chapter1585
“What now? I’m going to bed!” An exasperated response came from Elizabeth, barely muffled by the door.
“Bella might have remembered something!” Kristian hissed with clenched teeth.
“Hey, hold up a second!” Elizabeth’s voice sounded a bit flustered.
She hastily grabbed a coat, threw it on, then swung open the door and stepped out.
Dragging Kristian to the far end of the corridor, she scanned for any eavesdroppers before turning to him, her brow furrowed.
“What’s going on? Wasn’t my mom supposed to have amnesia from the crash? How come she’s recalling stuff now?”
Kristian’s face showed impatience.
“She mentioned recalling a memory.
From what she described, it matched events before the accident.
If she’s remembering now, who knows what else might come back tomorrow?”
The gravity of the situation hit Elizabeth.
She paced in front of Kristian, her gaze icy.
It took her a while to speak.
“We can’t let her remember any of that!” Her tone was firm.
If Bella’s true identity got out, she’d bolt straight back to her daughter.
And their whole world-their reputation, their careers, their fortune they’d built around Bella would crumble.
They’d be labeled kidnappers and vilified by everyone.
It’d be a disaster they couldn’t afford.
Elizabeth wouldn’t stand for it.
Kristian knew it too.
He hesitated.
“So, uh, what’s the plan now?”
Elizabeth’s eyes turned steely.
“We must drug her.
”
“Drug her?” Kristian Looked puzzled.
Elizabeth affirmed with a firm nod.
“Bella needs to forget everything before, or we’re in deep trouble.
And Stella? She’s a real threat.
We have to find a way to get rid of her, then we’re in the clear!”
Kristian mulled it over and quickly agreed.
“You’re spot on.
I’ll ring up the family doctor right away.
”
Turning to leave, Elizabeth stopped him in his tracks.
“But Listen, it has to be flawless.
There has to be no slip-ups, got it.
”
Kristian nodded solemnly.
The next day, at Prosper Bay, Stella woke to find Matthew already dressed.
###chapter1586
Rubbing her eyes, she croaked, “Are you off to work?”
Matthew’s smile was tender.
“Yep, but it’s early.
You can snooze a bit more.
Breakfast is waiting.
”
Agreeing, Stella helped him with his tie before deciding to freshen up.
Downstairs, they sat for breakfast.
Just as Matthew was about to head out, there came a knock at the door.
Erin rushed to answer it at the sound.
Outside, Devyn stood with her laptop, flashing a smile.
“Hey there, is Stella around?”
Hearing Devyn, Stella hurried out from the dining room.
She instructed Erin to focus on her tasks and personally welcomed Devyn in.
“You’re up bright and early!”
Devyn explained, “I’m an early bird, don’t you know? Mornings just click for me.
”
Spotting Matthew, she greeted him politely.
“Mr.
Clark, it has been a while.
”
Matthew gave a slight nod.
“It sure has.
Thanks for keeping Stella company.
”
“Oh, it’s no trouble, really,” Devyn replied, a hint of nerves evident.
Matthew ki*sed Stella’s forehead and made his exit.
With Matthew gone, Devyn visibly relaxed.
Stella led her to the study.
Taking a quick look around, Devyn remarked, “This place is massive.
”
“Feel free to settle in and make yourself at home,” Stella reassured, trying to ease Devyn’s nerves.
She opened the study door.
“Let’s work in here.
It’s quiet.
”
Seated, Stella broached the topic of Devyn’s online store.
“I checked out your shop yesterday.
You’re super dedicated.
With a bit more visibility, you’ll be golden.
I can help with that.
”
“Thank you,” Devyn murmured gratefully.
“You’re welcome,” Stella replied warmly.
Then she had a suggestion.
“I noticed the designs on the clothes are all printed.
They’re nice but not very delicate.
What if we switched to embroidery? What do you reckon?”
Devyn shook her head.
“I get where you’re coming from.
But embroidery, to make it really pop, costs a pretty penny.
I can’t afford that.
”
There was a tinge of frustration in her voice.
Knowing Devyn’s passion for design and her ambitious spirit, Stella didn’t want to see her held back by finances.
Taking Devyn’s hand, Stella looked her in the eye.
“Don’t stress about it.
I’ve got the funds to help out.
Let’s make it happen.
”
###chapter1587
Emotion flickered in Devyn’s eyes, yet she held back, remembering Elizabeth’s warning.
“Your offer’s kind, but one time is all you can manage.
How could you possibly assist every time?”
Her smile didn’t reach her eyes.
Stella caught the edge in Devyn’s voice and sensed her misstep.
With an uneasy smile, she amended, “Understood.
If design troubles ever crop up, just give me a shout.
I’m here to lend a hand whenever you need it.
”
A nod from Devyn, and her features relaxed.
“Alright, let’s get to it.
” Stella steered away from the tension.
Both dove into the sea of sketches and concepts sprawled before them.
As they worked, Devyn stole glances at Stella, her curiosity piqued.
Feigning nonchalance, Devyn asked, “You’re covering for Bella’s assignments too, right?”
A frank nod from Stella.
“Yeah, that’s right.
”
She eyed her bandaged hand.
“I’ve got to stick to simple designs for now, then pass them to Matthew for the finishing touches.
”
“Mr.
Clark has been a real ally to you,” Devyn remarked.
Stella gave a heavy nod, her gaze drifting to Devyn’s screen.
“How’s your project shaping up?”
Devyn flashed a quick smile.
“I’m nearly there.
”
“Wow, you’re speedy!” Stella was impressed.
“That’s about the only thing I’ve got on you.
I’d be outpaced in any contest,” Devyn said, dismissing the compliment.
The light in Devyn’s eyes dimmed at her own words.
Stella remained silent, catching the shift in mood.
There was a sense of heaviness, unspoken but felt.
Stella knew Devyn as a burst of confidence and zeal, but now there was a hint of retreat in her.
Stella’s heart went out to her.
She knew the past days had taken their toll on Devyn, but it wasn’t her place to pry into private sorrows unshared.
So, Stella gave Devyn a thoughtful look, then turned her gaze away.
Silence hung between them until a knock at the door broke it.
Erin entered with a warm offering.
“Mrs.
Clark, Mr.
Clark asked me to bring you these,” she said, presenting two steaming cups of milk.
“Thanks so much, Erin.
” Gratitude filled Stella’s voice.
###chapter1588
Devyn reached out to take the two cups of milk.
As she was about to hand one to Stella, her grip failed her, and the cup crashed onto the table, its contents cascading down.
The spill caught Devyn off guard.
She let out a yelp and scrambled to clean the mess.
“Stella, I’m so sorry.
What a mess I’ve made! Are you alright?”
“No worries at all.
” “No worries at all.
”
Devyn, still apologetic, blurted out, “I can’t believe I’ve made such a mess.
”
“It’s really okay.
Did any of the hot milk spill on you?” Stella’s concern was immediate.
“I should’ve reminded Miss Padilla to handle with care,” Erin chimed in, her voice laced with worry.
Stella reassured her, “Honestly, I’m alright.
”
But Devyn was insistent, her apologies spilling out.
“This is on me.
I’m really sorry.
”
To calm the palpable tension, Stella offered a gentle smile.
“Seriously, it’s fine.
I’ll just slip into something else.
Could you give me a hand, Erin? This injury makes it a bit of a challenge.
”
With the laptop now off, Stella and Erin hurried out.
The study’s door clicked shut.
Devyn lingered for a heartbeat, then sprang into action, darting to Stella’s laptop.
She booted it up to find it locked behind a password.
Guess after guess-birthdays, special dates-all incorrect.
Her glances darted to the door, the fear of being caught sending a rush of adrenaline through her.
Fingers trembling, palms slick with sweat, she knew this was her sole opportunity.
Discovery was not an option-it would spell disaster.
Her anxiety peaked, an internal chaos matching her frantic keystrokes.
Taking a moment to collect her thoughts, she tried one last time, typing in the date Stella started with Prosperity Group.
The screen flashed-access granted.
Success washed over her in a silent wave of relief.
Devyn let out a sigh of relief.
It felt as though luck was on her side.
She quickly plugged the USB flash drive into Stella’s laptop, anticipation mounting as the progress bar slowly advanced.
Suddenly, the sound of approaching footsteps shattered her calm, causing her heart to leap into her throat
###chapter1589
Anxiety gripped her as the footsteps drew nearer.
Desperately, Devyn whispered silent prayers under her breath.
By the time Erin came in, Devyn had returned to her seat.
Devyn lowered her head, trying to feign normalcy.
She began drawing the design draft on the computer, but her nervousness caused her hand to quiver slightly.
“Mrs.
Clark asked me to tidy up,” Erin explained as she swiftly cleaned the area.
Devyn’s voice trembled slightly as she spoke.
“I’m truly sorry for causing you trouble.
”
Erin quickly reassured her, “It’s no trouble at all.
It’s part of my job.
You don’t need to worry about it.
Just focus on your work.
”
As Devyn settled back into her seat, Stella entered the room.
Devyn looked at her apologetically.
“Did the milk spill affect your wound?”
Stella waved off her concern, reassuring her, “I’m fine, Devyn.
Don’t worry about me.
”
Devyn nodded.
“That’s a relief.
I’m really sorry.
It was careless of me, and you could have been burned.
”
Stella shook her head again.
“Accidents happen.
What’s important is that we’re both unharmed.
Don’t dwell on it too much.
”
After Erin tidied up and left, Stella and Devyn resumed their work on the drawings.
However, Devyn found it impossible to concentrate.
Guilt consumed her thoughts as she surreptitiously touched the USB flash drive tucked in her pocket.
Her mind was in turmoil, making it difficult for her to focus on the task.
When Stella attempted to engage her in conversation, Devyn couldn’t bring herself to meet Stella’s gaze, fearing her eyes might reveal something.
After enduring that internal struggle for some time, Devyn reached a breaking point.
She couldn’t bear the tension any longer and abruptly told Stella, “I just remembered I have some other tasks to attend to.
Let’s call it a day.
I need to leave.
”
Observing Devyn’s urgency, Stella felt a pang of concern.
“What’s wrong? Why the rush? Is there anything I can do to help?” Is there anything I can do to help?”
“No, there’s no need!” Devyn hurriedly declined.
Sensing her abruptness, she softened her tone, adding, “I just had a sudden realization that you were right.
My star product does need embroidery.
I’ll find a way to make it work.
”
She lowered her head, unable to meet Stella’s gaze.
Stella accepted her words without suspicion, offering a relieved smile.
“I’m glad you see it that way.
I was just offering some advice.
I hope your project turns out wonderfully.
”
She paused, studying Devyn’s reaction before continuing cautiously, “If you’re facing financial difficulties, I’m here to help.
Consider it an investment.
”
Devyn met Stella’s gentle gaze, feeling a pang in her heart that urged her to flee.
Her nose twitched, and she fought back the urge to cry.
“Thank you,” she managed, her voice slightly strained.
“If I ever find myself in dire straits, I’ll be sure to reach out to you.
”
“Alright,” Stella replied, walking Devyn to the door.
“I’ve been home lately.
If you have any questions, feel free to call me or drop by.
You’re always welcome.
”
###chapter1590
“Thank you,” Devyn responded softly before swiftly making her exit.
Once outside Prosper Bay, she couldn’t hold back her tears.
Stella had been so kind to her, yet she had committed such a despicable act against her.
Devyn retrieved the USB flash drive from her pocket, staring at it with a bitter smile.
She had always held contempt for those who plagiarized others‘ designs, never she would imagining to stoop such a low herself.
Devyn hurried into the hospital, her mind a jumble of thoughts and worries.
Pausing at her mother’s ward, she took a deep breath to steady herself before pushing the door open.
Maureen lay in the bed, looking weary from her dialysis session, but her face lit up at the sight of Devyn.
“You’re here early today, honey.
What’s up?”
Despite her efforts to appear energetic, Maureen couldn’t hide the exhaustion etched on her face.
She fought back tears, putting on a brave front.
“Just had a light day at work.
How are you feeling, Mom? Any better?”
Maureen managed a reassuring smile.
“Today’s not too bad.
Feeling less tired.
”
Devyn smiled back at her.
“That’s a relief.
”
As she spoke with Maureen, the doctor entered.
Catching Devyn’s eye, the doctor motioned for her to join him, his expression hinting at urgency.
Devyn’s heartbeat quickened as she comforted her mother and followed the doctor briskly, a sense of foreboding creeping over her.
Outside the room, Devyn closed the door behind her, meeting the doctor’s serious gaze with a furrowed brow.
“Is everything okay with my mother’s health?”
The doctor shook his head.
“Physically, your mother seems fine, but there’s an issue with the medical bills.
”
Devyn’s eyes widened in shock, her voice trembling.
“What do you mean?
I just paid twenty thousand two days ago.
How could it be gone already?”
The doctor’s eyes softened with sympathy.
“The medicine your mother needs is expensive.
Her kidney dialysis is daily, you know.
Twenty thousand won’t cover it, I’m afraid.
”
Devyn stiffened, but she nodded with resignation.
“I understand.
I’ll sort it out later.
”
The doctor’s gaze held a hint of regret.
“Prepare yourself.
For someone in your mother’s condition, a kidney transplant is the only solution.
But even if we find a donor, the costs will be significant.
”
“I see.
” Devyn’s hands tightened into fists, her eyes imploring the doctor.
“As long as you’re doing everything possible for my mother, I’ll find a way to manage the finances.
”
###chapter1591
Once the doctor left, Devyn settled the bill, her heart sinking as she eyed the diminishing balance on her bank card.
Faced with this dilemma, she wondered what she could possibly do next.
Her online shop was in its infancy, requiring a substantial injection of capital.
Moreover, her mother’s illness demanded urgent attention, and the hundred thousand from Elizabeth fell short.
A shiver ran down Devyn’s spine as she contemplated the bleak road ahead.
Surveying her mother’s room, Devyn recognized only one viable option: finish Stella’s idea as soon as possible, her sole chance at getting the necessary funds.
As evening fell, Devyn made her way straight to the studio.
With determination in her eyes, she powered up the computer, plugged in the USB drive, and opened the replicated content.
Struggling initially, she gritted her teeth and picked up the brush, translating Stella’s words into strokes on the canvas.
Midway through the painting, Devyn found herself once again in awe of Stella’s talent.
Stella’s ideas, expressed in words, carried a depth that surpassed Devyn’s own efforts.
Despite her reluctance to cheat, the thought of her mother’s suffering pushed Devyn to persevere.
Things progressed smoothly until she reached the heart of Stella’s concept.
Despite reading it repeatedly, Devyn struggled to grasp Stella’s essence.
In terms of design, Devyn knew she couldn’t match Stella’s skills, let alone replicate her ideas.
Understanding Stella’s vision proved to be a daunting task.
Yet, failing to capture the essence of Stella’s design would render her efforts meaningless, leaving her feeling like a fraud.
With each passing moment, Devyn’s anxiety grew, her mind racing for a solution.
Clutching the ballpoint pen tightly, she racked her brain, searching desperately for a way forward.
What could she do now?
Devyn pondered deeply, but she couldn’t come up with a solution.
Frustrated, she let her pen fall from her grasp.
She hesitated to reach out to Stella.
After a moment, Devyn recalled a certain man.
Fetching her phone, she found the number.
Yet, just as she was about to dial, she hesitated once more.
Plagiarism was the ultimate taboo in the design world.
Could he really assist her?
After a brief moment of hesitation, she dialed the number out of necessity.
###chapter1592
The call was promptly picked up.
“I’d like to meet you.
Are you available now?” Devyn asked.
There was a moment of silence before the man replied with a location.
With that, Devyn quickly tidied up and headed to the agreed meeting place.
The meeting spot turned out to be a discreet yet luxurious private club frequented by affluent youths.
Upon Devyn’s arrival, she was greeted by vigilant bodyguards stationed at the door.
Escorted by the guards, she was led to a secluded private booth where she found Slater seated on the sofa.
‘s BunnyBookery
It had been a while since they last met.
Slater appeared with a beard, noticeably leaner, and exuded a newfound sense of maturity.
Devyn cast her gaze downward, feeling as though everyone around her was progressing while she remained stagnant.
Slater was deeply engrossed in solving the puzzle, seemingly oblivious to Devyn’s presence in the room.
Amidst the silence, Devyn struggled to find the right words to break it.
.
In a hushed tone, she greeted him, “It’s been a while.
”
At the sound of her voice, Slater looked up.
As their eyes met, Devyn couldn’t help but feel a slight flutter of nerves.
Slater remained silent for a moment before breaking into a smile.
“What brings you to me today? Have you changed your mind?”
His words triggered a memory in Devyn’s mind.
She recalled Slater’s bold advances back in Prosperity Group.
He had been straightforward, confessing his feelings for her after only a few days of working together.
However, Devyn had perceived his attitude as playful, not taking his declarations seriously, and declined his advances.
After Slater departed from Prosperity Group to start his venture, he offered her an olive branch and wanted her to join him.
However, she declined once more.
Respecting her decision, he advised her not to rush and to consider it carefully.
Since then, they had lost touch.
Devyn wouldn’t have reached out if she hadn’t been desperate.
Taking a deep breath, she cut to the chase.
“In fact, I need your help with something.
”
Slater was taken aback for a moment but quickly regained his composure.
###chapter1593
He gestured for her to take a seat.
“Come, have a seat first.
”
Devyn hesitated but remained standing, observing him closely.
Slater grabbed a jigsaw puzzle and proposed, “Let’s finish this together.
Then, I’ll decide whether I should help you or not.
”
Devyn furrowed her brows, puzzled by his request, but complied and sat beside him as he suggested.
The strong scent of cologne lingering in the air made her slightly uneasy.
She moved discreetly to create some space between them.
Examining the jigsaw puzzle, Devyn found it relatively simple.
She picked up a piece without much thought.
In the process, her hand brushed against Slater’s.
Just as she was about to retract her hand, her wrist was grabbed.
“Why is your hand so cold?” Slater inquired softly.
Devyn felt uneasy.
She struggled hard and pulled her hand away.
Then she shook her head and said, “It’s nothing.
Let’s focus on finishing the puzzle.
”
She quickly shifted the conversation and focused solely on the puzzle.
Slater’s expression grew somber, and though he seemed like he wanted to say something, he held his tongue as he observed her.
Once they completed the puzzle, Slater kept his promise, saying, “Alright, tell me, What do you need from me?”
Devyn had been seated beside him for quite a while now, her hands growing even colder.
She couldn’t tell whether it was from nerves or some other reason.
With resolve, she powered up the laptop and gestured towards the screen.
“Could you lend me your insight on this? And perhaps assist me in refining the sketch?”
Slater stole a quick glance at Devyn, then scooped up her laptop.
Devyn bit her lower lip, feeling time drag in the heavy silence of the room.
When Slater finished reading, a small frown creased his forehead as he looked back at Devyn.
“Whose idea is this?”
Devyn hadn’t expected him to figure it out so fast.
Nervously, she balled her hands.
“That’s not important.
What matters is you helping me make it happen.
”
Slater stayed quiet.
Devyn added, “Help me now, and I’ll owe you one in the future.
”
Slater’s eyes bore into Devyn’s, and he set the laptop aside.
“This is Stella’s idea, right?”
Devyn’s heart raced.
She hadn’t anticipated Slater’s sharp perception, pinpointing the origin of the design without hesitation.
She dropped her gaze, speech failing her.
Slater noticed Devyn’s inner turmoil and asked, “Curious how I caught on?”
Without waiting for Devyn’s response, he continued, “I’ve faced off against Stella a few times.
I know her style.
”
###chapter1594
Devyn kept her head down, feeling Slater’s gaze heavy on her.
Her Lips pressed together, longing to speak, but her voice eluded her, choked by the weight of her emotions.
After a pause, Slater broke the silence with a question.
“Have you really thought this through? Do you really want my help?
You and Stella used to be close.
If you do this, you might lose that.
”
Even though Devyn had steeled herself, Slater’s words still rattled her heart.
Devyn understood the gravity of her actions.
Once Stella found out, there would be no turning back.
Struggling with her emotions, Devyn met Slater’s gaze, her voice tinged with desperation.
“I have no other choice left.
”
Slater locked eyes with her, his expression serious.
“Do you remember why I told you I loved you?”
Devyn was puzzled by his sudden mention of their past.
She shook her head.
Slater explained, “It wasn’t just affection; it was your talent that drew me in.
”
Devyn clutched her clothes tightly, her eyes brimming with emotion, a hint of redness creeping in.
Slater’s voice was gentle as he spoke, his words carrying a weight of understanding.
“Your designs brim with boundless imagination.
You have the ideas, but lack the opportunities and experience.
I believe, with time and practice, your name will illuminate the industry.
But…”
His eyes shifted to the computer screen, redirecting the conversation.
“Regardless, I advise against this.
A designer’s essence is woven into their creations.
Regardless of the outcome, this choice could tarnish your future in the field.
If it’s financial assistance you need, I can offer it.
”
Devyn felt a flush of heat spread across her cheeks as Slater spoke.
She couldn’t bring herself to meet his eyes, fearing what she might find reflected there.
Pain, turmoil, and anguish threatened to consume her whole.
Yet, there was no turning back now.
With resolve, Devyn closed her laptop, her voice steady.
“Since you’re unwilling to assist, then forget it.
”
Having said that, Devyn clung to her laptop and dashed out of the private room, as if fleeing a Looming shadow.
Slater observed her hasty exit, a twinge of worry tightening his chest.
Devyn burst through the doors of the club, pausing at the entrance to catch her breath before forging ahead.
Amidst the whirlwind of emotions, clarity dawned in her mind.
###chapter1595
She paused briefly, then dialed Elizabeth’s number.
Elizabeth’s voice held a hint of amusement.
“Did you finish the task I assigned you?”
The casual tone grated on Devyn’s nerves.
She bit her lip, determination firm.
“No, I’m calling to say I’m backing out.
Even without copying Stella’s idea, I know I can outshine her on my own.
”
““Qutshine her?” Elizabeth laughed incredulously.
“And how exactly do you plan to do that? Miss Padilla, are you getting ahead of yourself?”
Elizabeth’s words sliced through Devyn’s confidence like a sharp blade.
“You think you can top Stella with your skills? That’s just a fantasy,” she scoffed.
Devyn’s face drained of color as Elizabeth’s words hit her.
She found herself at a loss for words.
Without a hint of compassion, Elizabeth pressed on.
“I’ll ignore this call like it never happened.
Your excuses mean nothing to me.
Results are all that matter.
You have three days.
Fail, and your brothers suffer.
It’s your call.
”
Devyn struggled to respond, but the call abruptly ended, leaving her in stunned silence.
As her strength waned, her legs buckled beneath her, and she sank to the ground, her phone slipping from her grasp, motionless.
The bustling street offered no sanctuary amidst the sea of people and traffic.
Her fists clenched, her body quivering uncontrollably, tears brimming in her eyes.
Why was everyone pressuring her?
Slater hurried to her side, his expression flickering with concern as he witnessed the scene unfolding before him.
In Prosper Bay, something else was happening.
As Matthew stepped into the house, Stella promptly emerged to greet him, Casually flinging his suit jacket onto the sofa, Matthew instinctively encircled her with his arm.
“Quick to show up, huh? Did you miss me already?” he teased.
Stella jabbed his chest playfully and quipped, “Not even a Little.
Just need those final tweaks on the design draft.
”
Talk of design ignited Stella’s excitement.
“Just one tricky step left, and then we can submit it!” she exclaimed.
Observing her fervor, Matthew simply clasped her left hand and spoke sincerely.
“Even in haste, you got to tend to that bandage first.
Your hand’s still on the mend.
You need a breather.
”
Matthew’s concern warmed Stella’s heart, prompting her to coyly respond, “Alright, then help me out, will you?”
Matthew planted a gentle ki*s on her forehead before guiding her to the sofa, and then went to fetch the medical kit.
Sitting beside Stella, he carefully unwrapped the gauze and applied the ointment with practiced precision.
Stella was taken aback.
She vividly recalled how he fumbled nervously while changing the bandage just a few days prior.
###chapter1596
“How did you become such a pro all of a sudden?” Stella inquired, her eyes wide with curiosity.
Matthew glanced her way, carrying on with his task.
“No big deal, really.
Just picked up a few tricks from Cordell over a couple of days,” he replied softly.
Stella’s surprise only grew.
“But you’re swamped with work.
Why bother learning this?” she questioned.
Matthew shrugged casually.
“Doesn’t take much time.
With you injured, someone’s got to step up.
Can’t rely on others forever, right?”
Fixing his gaze on Stella, he remarked, “What counts most is ensuring my wife feels comfortable.
”
Deeply touched, Stella realized it wasn’t about who changed the bandage; what truly mattered was Matthew’s thoughtfulness.
A warm smile spread across her face.
“Thanks, love!”
Matthew simply smiled back, continuing to apply the ointment.
Suddenly, Stella recalled something about Devyn.
“Do you know any embroidery factories?” she asked.
Matthew halted, turning to face her.
“Why the sudden interest?” he inquired.
Stella elaborated, “I visited Devyn’s online store a few days back.
She’s starting her own business, facing a shortage of funds and connections.
Thought I could lend a hand as a friend.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew furrowed his brow.
“So, did she swing by the villa today to ask for help?”
“Not at all,” Stella sighed.
“She didn’t mention it and refused aid when I offered.
My mistake.
I might have bruised her pride.
”
Lowering her gaze slightly, she expressed in a concerned tone, “She’s been struggling lately.
Perhaps she’s facing some trouble.
I want to assist her discreetly.
”
Matthew nodded.
“If it’s what you want, no qualms from me.
Finding an embroidery factory isn’t tough.
I’ll pass on some contacts later.
”
“Honey, you’re so sweet!”
Stella beamed momentarily, forgetting her injured hand.
She reached out to hug Matthew, inadvertently tugging at her wound.
“Ouch!” She winced, inhaling sharply.
Matthew halted his actions immediately.
“Stay still.
Let me bandage it properly,” he insisted.
Stella recovered and met his concerned gaze, reassuring him, “I’m okay.
I just got too excited and accidentally tugged at the wound.
”
Matthew observed her nonchalant demeanor and sighed, “You never learn.
”
Meanwhile, Devyn returned to her studio, engrossed in refining the documents at hand.
Despite numerous revisions and redraws, the desired outcome remained elusive.
###chapter1597
Frustrated, she cast aside her paintbrush and cleared her cluttered table.
Elizabeth’s disparaging words echoed in her mind.
Why couldn’t she bring Stella’s ideas to fruition?
Was she truly as inept as Elizabeth claimed?
Devyn slumped in her chair, feeling defeated.
Suddenly, the phone rang.
Glancing at the caller ID, she noted it was Slater.
Devyn scowled at the name “Slater” flashing on her screen, feeling a wave of distaste.
Why was he calling now?” Was he to teach her a lesson again?
The phone kept ringing, stubborn as if Slater wouldn’t give up until she picked up.
With a sigh, Devyn grabbed the phone, irritation in her voice.
“What is it?”
Slater didn’t beat around the bush.
“You in a bind? If it’s money you need, I can help.
You don’t have to resort to this.
”
Devyn felt a rush of emotions.
She bit her lip and managed a faint smile.
“It’s beyond money now.
”
The fate of her two brothers was in Elizabeth’s hands.
With that leverage, Elizabeth could make Devyn do anything.
Slater paused before saying, “So, you’re going through with the plagiarism?”
The word “plagiarism” stung, and Devyn flinched at its mention.
But her hands were tied.
She was now what she despised.
Swallowing her pride, Devyn admitted through clenched teeth, “Yes.
”
Slater didn’t respond right away.
After a moment, he uttered slowly, “If you’ve made up your mind, I’m here to help.
”
“You’re really going to help me?” Devyn couldn’t hide her surprise.
Slater gave a soft assurance.
“But remember, if this gets out, you’re the one who has to face the fallout.
”
Staring at her unfinished design, Devyn quickly assured him, “I’ve got it.
I’ll handle whatever comes our way.
”
Knowing Slater was on her side gave Devyn hope that her work could truly make a difference, potentially even saving her brothers.
“Are you sure about this?” Slater double-checked.
“You know how this choice might impact your career in design.
If you run into trouble, just let me know, and I’ll be there.
”
Devyn held her phone tighter, Slater’s words stinging like thorns.
What choice did she have?
###chapter1598
She couldn’t stand up to Elizabeth, nor could she just watch her family suffer.
Elizabeth had threatened to harm her brothers if Devyn refused.
With their mother’s health already failing, the thought of more pain was unbearable.
Devyn stated firmly, “I’ve decided.
No more trying to talk me out of it.
I’ve said I won’t drag you into this mess, and I’ll take whatever comes.
I don’t want to hear anything else.
”
Slater gave up on convincing her and said, “Let’s get the computer on.
I’ll show you how to draw.
”
Devyn knew she had asked the right person for help.
Slater made everything that was once confusing simple and clear, and she quickly got the hang of it.
After working through the night, she finally brought Stella’s vision to life.
Looking at the design on her screen, Devyn admired the smooth lines and simple yet striking silhouette.
She could already picture how stunning the dress would look in reality, sure to be a showstopper.
She had to acknowledge Stella’s mastery over colors and styles.
The design captivated her, filling her with admiration for its beauty.
Yet, this admiration soon turned into a pang of loss.
Devyn realized how far she was from reaching Stella’s level.
No matter how much time she had, catching up seemed impossible.
As morning light filtered through the window, she sat lost in thought for a while, like an old machine struggling to start up after being overloaded.
Eventually, she picked up her phone and texted Elizabeth, “I’ve completed the sketch you asked for.
”
Not long after Devyn sent the message, Elizabeth gave her a ring.
“Did you get the sketch done, exactly like Stella’s idea?” she asked, all nerves.
Devyn assured her, “Yes, I absolutely nailed it.
”
Elizabeth couldn’t help but chuckle, impressed by Devyn’s efficiency.
“Great.
Get it to Bella as soon as possible.
”
Gripping her phone tightly, Devyn finally spoke up.
“Hey, what about that cash you promised?”
Elizabeth reassured her, “Relax, I’m good for it.
Now that you’ve completed the task, you’ll get paid soon.
”
Devyn, anxious, pressed on, “And what about my brothers?”
Elizabeth’s response was blunt.
“Not the time to spare them.
”
Confusion swept over Devyn.
“What? What do you mean?”
Elizabeth dodged the question.
“I need one more thing from you.
”
###chapter1599
Now Devyn’s heart raced.
“What’s that?”
Casually, Elizabeth laid it out.
“Remember those files you copied from Stella? Make them real and sell them at your online shop.
0h, and keep pinching Stella’s ideas.
”
Devyn was floored, her eyes widening in disbelief.
“Seriously? That’s messed up!”
Quaking, Devyn protested, “Why should I? You never said…”
But Elizabeth cut her off with a sinister smile.
“I didn’t say it before.
But do you think finishing one task is enough for me to let your two brothers off the hook?”
Devyn shuddered at Elizabeth’s callous laughter.
Elizabeth picked up on Devyn’s heavy breathing, but she wasn’t ready to back down on dealing with Stella.
“You have to stick with me.
We’re going to make Stella look like the ultimate copycat.
”
“Nope!” Devyn shot back, firm.
“I can’t do it! Besides, Stella isn’t dumb.
Do you think it’s easy swiping stuff from her? Plus, she’s a follower of my online store.
How’s she going to trust me after seeing her own designs there?”
With a sly grin, Elizabeth countered, “That’s your problem.
You have to weigh your options.
Pull this off, and not only will I let your brothers off the hook, but I’ll sort out that kidney thing you’re desperate for.
”
Devyn felt Like her world was spinning at the mention of the kidney donation.
“Don’t you wish to save your mom? Your family’s counting on you.
Are you still going to say no?” Elizabeth’s tone was heavy with pressure.
Grimacing, Devyn shut her eyes tight.
It was a choice between morals and her mom, and she chose her mom.
“Fine, I’ll do it,” Devyn muttered, voice strained but resolute.
Elizabeth wasn’t surprised by Devyn’s decision.
“Smart move.
Trust me, I’ll make it worth your while once it’s done.
After ending the call, Devyn slumped in the chair, lost in a daze.
Her hands shook and her fingers froze.
Without much thought, she sent Bella the signed sketch.
Before she knew it, her phone buzzed again.
It was a text.
Elizabeth had transferred her two million.
Checking her balance, Devyn felt a wave of relief.
She flopped onto the bed, covering her eyes, whispering, “Stella, don’t blame me.
I had no choice.
”
Stella finished her design, leaving a note for Bella, explaining Matthew’s help due to her injured hand.
With the email sent, Stella breathed out.
Now she could focus on her wedding prep.
She thought for a moment and called Miley.
“Hey Miley, do you want to hit the shops today? Let’s go shopping.
”
“Sorry, Stella.
Neville’s grandma’s still critical.
I have to be at the hospital with him.
”
“No worries.
Take care.
”
Stella ended the call.
She considered calling Devyn but was interrupted by Juliette’s phone call.
###chapter1600
“Stella! Oliver and I just arrived in Seamarsh.
We’ll visit you in a bit,” Juliette happily greeted over the phone.
With a very welcoming tone, Stella was truly excited to see them.
Then, she let them know her address at Prosper Bay.
“Sure, I’ll wait for you at home.
See you!”
After their conversation ended, Stella immediately went downstairs and asked Erin to prepare some snacks for the anticipated guests.
Then, she stayed in the living room to wait for Oliver and Juliette.
After half an hour, the doorbell suddenly rang.
Hurriedly, Stella opened the door.
With open arms, she hugged Juliette upon seeing her.
“Long time no see! I miss you.
”
Ever since Juliette and Oliver returned to Bysea, they rarely got together.
It had actually been a long time since they had seen each other.
“I haven’t seen you in ages! I miss you too.
” Juliette hugged Stella back.
In the next moment, Stella led the two visitors into the Living room to entertain them.
Then, she asked, “So, what brings you here to Seamarsh? Is Grandpa staying home alone?”
Oliver didn’t directly answer her question, and instead diverted the conversation into another question.
In a serious tone, he asked, “What’s wrong with your hand? Did Haley do this to you? Well, Grandpa asked us to come see you in advance.
He’s kind of worried about you, you know.
”
Soon after Haley’s accident, Stella only told Clint over the phone that Haley was not her biological mother; she did not elaborate the details.
However, she did not expect that Clint still sensed that something was wrong.
Stella was moved by the concern and answered, “I’m fine.
There’s nothing to worry about.
Haley won’t hurt me anymore.
You know what? I’ll even call Grandpa just to reassure him.
”
With a serious look on his face, Oliver uttered, “It’s a big deal, but it seems like you aren’t taking this matter seriously.
You must take good care of your injured hand.
Don’t Leave any sequelae, okay?”
“It’s all over.
” Lowering her head, Stella looked at her injured hand and said, “Don’t worry, I’ve been very careful, and Matthew is taking good care of me.
I think with all the support and help that I am getting, I will be able to recover soon.
”
With that, Oliver didn’t say anything further.
In the next moment, Juliette held Stella’s uninjured hand.
She patted it gently and said, “Well, that’s good.
Don’t worry about your grandpa.
We have already called several relatives to keep him company.
He was just worried about you so he asked us to stay in Seamarsh until your wedding is over.
”
“That’s so sweet of you guys.
” Stella smiled.
“I have some free time these next few days.
I can take you somewhere and have fun with you.
”
Then, Stella arranged a room for them.
When she was about to reach for their luggage, Oliver stopped her and said, “Hey, we’ll handle this.
You know that’s bad for your injury.
”
With one suitcase in each hand, Oliver put them in the room that Stella had arranged for them.
Juliette took Stella’s arm.
“Don’t bother yourself and just let Oliver do it.
”
Seeing that the two of them were in a tacit and sweet relationship, Stella couldn’t feel any happier for them.
At this time, Juliette suddenly approached her ear and whispered, “Wait.
There’s another big news.
I think I’m pregnant!”
Hearing this, Stella grinned from ear to ear.
“What? Really?”
###chapter1601
“I just tested it myself with the pregnancy test stick two days ago.
The result was positive.
” The joy on Juliette’s face couldn’t be hidden.
“Can you take me to the hospital this afternoon? I’m still uncertain about my pregnancy, so please keep it from Oliver for now.
”
“Sure thing! That would be along the way.
I’m going to pick some wedding candies,” Stella promised.
“Why don’t we go shopping together after the examination? We have a lot of great news to celebrate.
”
Juliette nodded and said, “Okay, then.
All set.
Let’s go after our meal.
”
In the afternoon, Fernando knocked on the door and came in while Matthew was working.
Standing in front of his boss’s desk, Fernando said in a hesitant voice, “Mr.
Clark, the public relations team just blocked a piece of breaking news…”
Seeing that he hemmed and hawed for a long time without making it clear, Matthew frowned and asked, “Huh? What news?”
After a short pause, Fernando reported in a low voice, “A reporter reported that Stella went to the best women and children’s hospital…”
Hearing this, Matthew suddenly raised his head and stared at Fernando with piercing eyes.
“There is a speculation that Stella seemed to be pregnant.
”
As the wedding day neared, the buzz surrounding Matthew and Stella intensified, yet Matthew chose to ignore it altogether, deeming it inconsequential.
But this time, it was about Stella’s pregnancy rumor.
Matthew furrowed his brow as he instructed, “Have the PR department handle it discreetly.
We don’t need it spreading.
”
Fernando, catching on, nodded in understanding.
“Of course, sir.
It’s not to be mentioned until after the first trimester.
”
With a gleeful grin, Fernando playfully remarked, “Congratulations, Mr.
Clark.
Looks like good fortune comes in pairs.
Pregnant and impending wedding all at once.
.
”
But before Fernando could finish, Matthew’s stern gaze silenced him, and he wisely held his tongue, sensing his boss’s tense mood.
“I’ll inform the PR department right away,” Fernando said, swiftly exiting the office.
Matthew pursed his Lips, his expression turning grave.
He couldn’t decipher why Stella had visited that hospital.
Could she truly be pregnant?
Matthew experienced a whirlwind of emotions.
Despite lingering in the office, he was unable to focus on work.
With a heavy heart, he rose from his chair, gathered his belongings, and departed for Prosper Bay.
As Matthew journeyed, nervousness gripped him, leaving him unsure of how to broach the topic of pregnancy to Stella upon his arrival.
Throughout the year, Matthew and Stella diligently relied on birth control, a testament to Matthew’s unpreparedness for parenthood.
The notion of having children had always repelled Matthew, despite Lucia’s persistent desire for grandchildren.
An inexplicable fear gnawed at him whenever the subject arose.
Matthew felt utterly clueless about caring for a baby.
In his nightmares, memories of the tear-filled Amara in his childhood still haunted Matthew.
###chapter1602
If Stella was indeed pregnant, what would become of this child?
With a furrowed brow, Matthew realized it was time to have a serious conversation with Stella.
Upon his arrival at Prosper Bay, Matthew’s eyes scanned the surroundings, but Stella was nowhere to be seen.
Instead, he saw Oliver.
Despite his surprise, Matthew maintained his composure and greeted Oliver politely.
Oliver reciprocated the politeness before glancing at his watch and inquiring, “Why have you returned at this hour? It’s still within working hours, isn’t it?”
“I have something I need to attend to,” Matthew replied succinctly and glanced around the living room, noting that Oliver was the only one present.
Matthew inquired, “Is Stella not at home?”
Oliver shrugged helplessly and explained, “She left with Juliette after Lunch.
They looked mysterious, and I’m not sure where they went.
They didn’t allow me to accompany them.
”
As soon as Oliver finished speaking, Stella and Juliette entered, engaged in lively conversation and laughter.
Upon hearing the voices, Matthew turned around to see Stella and Juliette chatting animatedly, their hands clasped together, clearly in high spirits.
A frown creased Matthew’s brow.
He couldn’t help but wonder if Stella’s buoyant mood was indeed linked to her pregnancy.
Noticing Matthew’s early return, Stella exclaimed in surprise, “Why are you back so soon today?”
She cast a glance at Juliette, her smile widening.
“But you’ve returned just in time.
I have some wonderful news to share with you…”
Before Stella could finish her sentence, Matthew interjected, “What news? About the pregnancy? Have you decided to keep the baby?”
Consumed by anxiety, Matthew failed to detect the ner
ous tremor in his voice.
“How did you find out?” Stella was taken aback.
Assuming Matthew already knew about Juliette’s pregnancy, she replied, “Of course, we must give birth to the baby.
”
Matthew’s frown deepened, his expression growing even more somber.
With a tentative tone, Matthew asked, “Darling, can we postpone having kids for a while?”
Stella’s expression instantly turned somber after she heard Matthew’s words.
It became clear that he had rushed home from work, thinking she was the one expecting, only to discuss the possibility of an abortion.
Previously, they had a standoff regarding the idea of having a child.
Now that their bond had grown stronger, Stella had thought that Matthew would warm up to the idea of starting a family.
However, his stance seemed unchanged.
Without uttering a word, Stella simply gazed at Matthew, her disappointment evident.
###chapter1603
Juliette, sensing the tension, quickly intervened, saying, “Matthew, you’ve got it all wrong.
It’s me who’s expecting.
Stella was just accompanying me to the hospital today.
”
Caught off guard and visibly relieved, Matthew’s reaction only served to upset Stella further.
Removing Juliette’s hand from hers, Stella said softly, “I don’t feel well.
I’m going to lie down for a bit.
”
She then turned around to head upstairs.
Juliette and Oliver exchanged worried glances, both turning their attention to Matthew almost instinctively.
Realizing his mistake and the pain it caused Stella, Matthew stated simply, “Go ahead and enjoy your evening.
I need to talk to Stella.
”
With a concerned glance toward where Stella had gone, Juliette said, “Forget about us.
You should have a nice talk with Stella.
”
Matthew nodded and headed upstairs.
Stella dashed to her room and flopped down on her bed.
She couldn’t help but feel down, thinking about how Matthew had acted.
She heard the door open behind her but didn’t bother to look.
Matthew sat down beside her and softly ran his hand over her back.
Stella, feeling irritated, quickly moved his hand away and snapped, “Don’t touch me.
”
“I get that you’re upset with me, but could you hear me out first?”
Matthew asked, his voice soft.
Stella flipped over, sitting up to face him with a scowl.
“Fine, I’m all ears,” she said, clearly annoyed.
Matthew was tempted to tease her by pinching her cheek as he saw her angry
expression, but the moment he reached out, Stella swiftly moved away.
“Don’t even think about touching me until I’ve heard a good enough reason from you!” she warned him.
Matthew pulled his hand back, offering a sheepish smile, and then paused for a moment before he opened up about various experiences from his childhood.
In the end, he concluded, “I’ve been suffering from claustrophobia since then, and I wasn’t sure how to handle the idea of welcoming a new baby.
I’ve never really known what it’s like to feel fatherly love, so I’m at a loss about how to be a good dad.
”
Stella remembered when she had just returned to work as Matthew’s assistant.
Back then, Matthew struggled with flying on planes.
Stella’s heart felt heavy.
Matthew took Stella’s hand and said, “I’ll work on letting go of all the negativity, but I need some time.
I know my words hurt you earlier, and I hope you can overlook them.
Believe me, I love you.
”
Stella’s anger cooled a bit, and she felt more pity for him.
Tears welled up in her eyes.
“You’ve never shared this with me before.
”
###chapter1604
Matthew wrapped his arms around her, saying, “It’s all in the past now.
And really, it’s not a pleasant memory, so I didn’t see the need to bring it up.
”
Stella felt saddened.
“But without you telling me, how am I supposed to know? I thought you didn’t want our relationship to last too long, and that’s why you didn’t want a baby all this time.
”
“Of course not,” Matthew assured her, cupping her face and looking deeply into her eyes.
“I promise I’ll talk things over with you as soon as something comes up in the future and try not to upset you again, okay?”
Seeing Matthew’s genuine demeanor, Stella responded with a note of satisfaction, “You have to keep your promise.
”
Matthew gently ki*sed her and assured, “Of course.
”
With a twinkle in his eye, he inquired, “Are we good now?”
Stella turned her head away, feeling a bit embarrassed, and admitted, “I’ll let it go this time.
”
They shared a few more ki*ses before making their way downstairs.
That evening, they all celebrated Juliette’s pregnancy.
At dinner, Juliette glanced at Matthew, who was bustling around, and then quietly asked Stella, “Everything okay with you?”
Stella nodded, reassuring her, “It was just a little mix-up.
We’re okay now.
”
After a moment’s pause, Juliette cautiously brought up another topic.
“About the baby… Did he explain why he was hesitant?”
Recalling Matthew’s concerns, Stella quickly came up with a reason
.
“He thinks my career shouldn’t be sidelined for a baby right now.
Plus, we want to cherish our time together, just the two of us.
”
Juliette, seeing Stella appear at ease and believing her words, felt a wave of relief wash over her.
“Well, the decision is yours.
”
While Stella and her companions were enjoying themselves, Bella was nose-deep in the emails.
With the deadline looming, folks were dropping their submissions, so Bella took the time to pick out the gems in her downtime.
Over the years, Bella found herself getting more tired and began struggling with her work.
She was aware she needed to pass the torch on to a successor eventually.
Initially, she had eyed Elizabeth but it had turned out she wasn’t keen on design so she now had to scout externally.
Amidst email scrutiny, a rap on the door interrupted Bella’s focus.
Elizabeth barged in, asking, “Mom, are you still busy?”
Bella glanced up.
“What’s the matter?”
“Remember you said you had a headache? Well, I got you some meds from the doctor,” Elizabeth whispered, placing them on the table.
###chapter1605
Without hesitation, Bella took the medication.
Seeing Bella’s nonchalance, Elizabeth sighed, feeling relieved and happy.
Little did Bella know, there was more to those meds than met the eye and they would mess with her nerves long-term.
If she continued to take them regularly, Bella would forget the past for good.
Elizabeth, concealing her excitement, asked, “Mom, why are you up so late?”
“I’m checking out some designs,” Bella said, keeping it short.
“The contest deadline’s closing in so I have to scope out the competition.
”
“Mind if I tag along? I hope you find a successor pronto so that then you can spend more time with Dad and me.
”
Bella welcomed the company.
She craved more moments with Elizabeth too.
“Pull up a chair, honey.
”
Elizabeth plopped down beside Bella, eyeing the emails.
“Have you found anyone good yet?”
Bella clicked away, shaking her head.
“No, nothing.
Just the run-of-the-mill stuff so far.
”
A sigh slipped from Bella’s lips, her disappointment weighing heavy.
The hunt for a successor gnawed at her.
‘s BunnyBookery
Scrolling through a string of submissions, Bella felt the weariness creeping in.
Still, she soldiered on, clicking to the next.
This time, she lingered a little longer on the email.
As she analyzed every detail, her satisfaction grew with each passing moment.
“Wow! This one’s top-notch! Overflowing with the designer’s vision,”
Bella praised genuinely.
Spotting the designer’s signature, she murmured, “Stella.
No wonder.
She’s got talent, alright.
”
Elizabeth’s envy peeked through but she masked it with a smile, nudging Bella gently.
“There will be plenty more fish in the sea.
Keep reeling, Mom.
”
Bella caught Elizabeth’s subtle distaste for Stella but chose to stay mum, diving back into the pile of submissions.
When she saw Devyn’s design, Bella’s brows knitted, shock rippling through her.
Devyn’s piece mirrored Stella’s work, from concept right to the core design.
Elizabeth seized the opportunity to step into her role.
Pointing at Devyn’s work, she feigned surprise.
“Why’s this so similar to Stella’s? It looks even better, though.
”
Bella’s expression soured.
Then, Elizabeth acted as if she had found something fishy.
Comparing the two, she exclaimed, “Check it out! Devyn’s was submitted a day before Stella’s!”
###chapter1606
Startled by the revelation, Bella scrutinized the timestamps, confirming Elizabeth’s claim.
“Do you think Stella ripped off Devyn’s idea?” Elizabeth pondered aloud.
Bella couldn’t fathom it.
Plagiarism went against her designer’s creed.
She turned grave, murmuring, “Seriously?”
Wary of revealing too much, Elizabeth held back.
“I’m not sure.
Could be a coincidence.
But with such similarity, investigating isn’t a bad idea.
These two are standouts.
”
After a moment’s contemplation, Bella nodded.
“You’re onto something.
I’ll look into it.
”
A few days later, Bella unveiled the selected designer on the website.
Anticipating eagerly, Stella logged in to the website, only to find Devyn’s name listed.
Disappointment was evident on Stella’s face as she sat at her computer desk, having dedicated considerable effort to the competition.
However, the greater blow was the missed opportunity to forge a closer connection with Bella.
Regret washed over Stella as she contemplated the implications.
Confirming Bella’s ties with her would now pose a greater challenge in the days ahead.
Matthew entered the room and immediately noticed Stella’s somber expression, leading him to accurately surmise the outcome.
Approaching Stella’s side, Matthew gently squeezed her shoulder before turning his attention to the computer screen, his brows furrowing in concern.
“Devyn is the one selected?” Matthew’s voice carried a tone of disbelief.
“Has she truly made such remarkable strides?”
Recalling Devyn’s prior performance at Prosperity Group, Matthew noted her competence but not exceptional talent.
Stella affirmed with a subdued voice, “Devyn has indeed made significant progress.
She deserves this recognition.
”
Releasing a slight sigh, she added, “While I’m saddened by the outcome, I extend my congratulations to her.
”
Matthew, however, held a differing opinion.
Shaking his head, he stated firmly, “When I assisted in promoting her online shop at your request, I observed her designs.
Though improved, there remains a discernible gap between her work and yours.
”
Stella sensed Matthew’s skepticism regarding the selection outcome, yet she remained convinced of its fairness.
After a moment of contemplation, she spoke up in defense of Devyn, suggesting that perhaps Devyn had excelled beyond expectations.
Considering the subjective nature of Bella’s preferences and the effort put forth by all participants, Stella proposed that Devyn’s work simply resonated more with Bella’s tastes.
Matthew remained silent, acknowledging the ambiguity inherent in design competitions.
Embracing Stella, Matthew offered words of solace.
“Don’t dwell on it too much.
You gave it your all.
And since you and Bella are both in the same field, there’ll surely be other opportunities to interact with her down the Line.
”
###chapter1607
Stella responded softly, her disappointment evident despite her attempt to conceal it.
Matthew observed her melancholy, a shadow crossing his features.
As evening descended, Stella’s despondency persisted, her appetite waning.
Matthew was concerned that her current condition might lead to illness.
With a gentle pinch on her cheek, he suggested with a smile, “It’s still early.
You’ve been cooped up for quite some time.
Allow me to escort you outside to enjoy the night scenery.
”
Stella was unhappy and wanted to go out to breathe some fresh air, so she agreed.
As Matthew drove along the seaside, Stella’s attention remained fixed on her phone rather than appreciating the coastal scenery.
Noticing her distraction, Matthew glanced at her phone and inquired, “Whose response are you waiting for? You seem quite engrossed.
”
Without lifting her gaze, Stella replied, “I messaged Devyn to offer congratulations, but she hasn’t responded.
”
Matthew remained silent, his expression contemplative.
After a brief pause, Stella resigned herself to the lack of response.
With a sigh, she remarked, “Oh well.
She’s probably busy.
”
Rolling down the window, she turned her attention to the passing scenery.
The rush of wind seemed to ease the weight on her heart.
As the car continued its leisurely pace, Stella’s eyes caught sight of a familiar figure through the glass window of a restaurant.
Doubting her perception, she urged Matthew, “Could you please slow down?”
‘s BunnyBookery
“What’s wrong?” Even though Matthew remained unaware of the situation, he obliged and decelerated the car.
Stella furrowed her brow and remarked, “I believe I just spotted Devyn.
”
Upon closer inspection, Stella confirmed her suspicion: Devyn was unmistakably present.
Donned in a stunning white dress, Devyn held a glass of wine, reveling in joyous laughter among her companions.
When Matthew saw this, he pulled over, turned to Stella, and asked, “Do you want to go inside?”
Stella looked inside the restaurant.
When she saw the smile on Devyn’s face, she lowered her head.
She didn’t know why Devyn suddenly didn’t reply to her messages.
Devyn didn’t even invite her to the celebration party.
Weren’t they happily discussing designs a few days ago?
Stella thought for a while.
Then, she said, “Yes.
After all, she is also my friend.
I’m happy for her that she was selected.
I should congratulate her in person.
”
###chapter1608
After saying this, she got out of the car and walked into the restaurant.
Matthew followed behind her.
Inside the restaurant, Devyn was talking and laughing with her friends.
She happily accepted everyone’s congratulations.
But when she raised her head and saw Stella, the smile on her face froze.
Her expression gradually became strange.
Matthew noticed the change in Devyn’s expression, but he didn’t say anything.
Devyn immediately calmed down as if nothing had happened.
She greeted Stella stiffly, “Stella… What a coincidence! You are here too.
”
Stella didn’t pay much attention to Devyn’s reaction.
She walked up to Devyn and said with a smile, “I happened to pass by and saw you, so I came to congratulate you.
”
Her eyes moved to the glass in Devyn’s hand.
She asked, “Are you holding a celebration party? Why didn’t you invite me? I sent you a message earlier.
Didn’t you receive it?”
A trace of embarrassment appeared on Devyn’s face.
She explained, “The people here today are all my current business partners.
You don’t know them, so I think you won’t feel comfortable with them.
I’m actually planning to celebrate with you tomorrow.
”
Stella didn’t think much.
She accepted Devyn’s explanation.
She smiled and said, “Thank you for being so considerate.
But actually, there’s no need to bother.
We are all your friends, and we are all happy for you.
We can celebrate together.
”
An awkward smile crept across Devyn’s beautiful face.
“Sorry, I didn’t realize that.
But since you’re here, why don’t you and Mr.
Clark join us?”
Of course, Stella didn’t refuse.
Instead, she sat down happily.
Devyn sat opposite Stella and asked everyone to enjoy themselves.
But her words and actions became unnatural.
Everyone also noticed the change in her attitude.
Suddenly, the atmosphere at the table became a little heavier.
Stella also felt something was wrong.
She occasionally glanced at Devyn.
But Devyn would only force a smile and immediately look away.
For some reason, she sensed Devyn looked guilty and scared.
Stella found it strange.
It seemed Devyn had become restless since she and Matthew arrived
.
But although she noticed Devyn’s unusual behavior, she didn’t say anything.
She continued to enjoy with everyone.
Until the party was over and Matthew took Stella back home, Stella was still in a daze.
She really couldn’t figure out why Devyn behaved strangely during the party.
Matthew held her waist and led her into the room.
When he saw her preoccupied, he asked directly, “Do you think something is wrong with Devyn?”
Stella raised her head and looked at him in surprise.
“You felt it, too? It seemed like she was hiding something from me.
Her expression was very unnatural when she saw me.
She didn’t even dare to look at me.
”
Matthew frowned.
He remembered when Devyn stood out from the rest of the pack and made the cut.
He had some guesses, but there was no conclusive evidence.
Besides, he didn’t want to upset Stella at the moment.
So, he pretended to be relaxed and pushed Stella upstairs.
“Don’t think too much.
Maybe she only got nervous when she saw I was with you.
It’s late.
Go take a shower first.
”
###chapter1609
Stella recalled Devyn’s reaction whenever she saw Matthew.
She nodded thoughtfully and went upstairs without saying anything more.
Matthew waited until Stella entered the bathroom before he returned downstairs to look for Erin.
“Did anything happen the day Devyn came to Prosper Bay?” Matthew asked in a low voice.
Erin thought for a while.
Then, she replied, “I brought milk to them as you ordered.
When Devyn offered her help, she accidentally spilled the milk on Stella.
So, I took Stella to change her clothes.
Other than that, I don’t remember anything special.
”
Matthew frowned, and his expression became serious.
“So, only Devyn was left in the study at that time?”
Erin nodded affirmatively, stating, “Yes, for a short while.
I then went in to tidy up, and Stella returned shortly after.
”
Matthew nodded contemplatively.
“Understood, you’re free to go.
”
Once Erin departed, Matthew retreated to his room, his mind consumed by thoughts.
He was nearly certain that Devyn had acted deceitfully behind Stella’s back.
However, lacking tangible evidence, his suspicions remained unsubstantiated.
Moreover, Stella harbored a close bond with Devyn, refusing to entertain the notion of her friend’s betrayal, even if he voiced his suspicions to her.
Furrowing his brow, Matthew became engrossed in contemplation.
Emerging from her shower, Stella noticed Matthew’s furrowed brow, indicating a preoccupation with something troubling.
Rushing toward him, she voiced her concern.
“What’s troubling you? Has something happened at the company?”
Matthew snapped out of his reverie, shaking his head.
“No, nothing of the sort.
I’m just a bit fatigued.
”
Stella grasped Matthew’s hand reassuringly, settling beside him.
“In that case, you should rest.
”
Gazing into her tender eyes, Matthew contained the turmoil within him and tenderly ki*sed her forehead.
“You too.
I understand your eagerness to be chosen and to interact more with Bella.
There will be ample opportunities ahead.
Don’t let sadness overwhelm you.
”
Stella responded softly, “I know.
”
Despite her words, melancholy lingered within her.
As they readied themselves for bed, Stella tossed and turned, unable to find solace in sleep.
Aware of her thoughts, Matthew refrained from probing further.
Instead, he held her close, offering gentle reassurance.
In his embrace, Stella found solace, eventually drifting into a peaceful slumber.
Once she was asleep, Matthew rose cautiously and dialed Nikolai’s number.
The phone rang persistently before finally establishing a connection.
###chapter1610
Nikolai, still groggy from sleep, responded lazily and impatiently, “It’s late at night.
What’s on your mind, Mr.
Clark?”
Matthew didn’t beat around the bush.
“I need your assistance in approaching Devyn.
”
“Devyn? Ah, the fortunate individual recently chosen by Bella.
What’s your interest in her?” Nikolai questioned, perplexed.
Matthew didn’t mince words.
“I suspect her design work might not be her own idea.
I need you to verify it for me.
”
“Are you sure?” Nikolai, taken aback by Matthew’s request, quickly composed himself and responded earnestly, “Rest assured, I’ll investigate the matter thoroughly.
”
The following day, Devyn was intercepted as she exited the studio.
Gazing at the distinguished figure before her, she was taken aback.
“Excuse me, may I help you?”
“Devyn, correct? I’m here for you,” declared Nikolai.
“For me?” Devyn’s confusion was evident.
“I don’t know you.
How may I assist you?”
“I am Nikolai Todd.
” Nikolai provided a succinct introduction of himself.
Devyn’s eyes widened in recognition upon hearing Nikolai’s name.
Having encountered Nikolai’s name numerous times in high-end fashion magazines, Devyn was astonished that the esteemed designer had personally sought her out.
Unperturbed by the admiration evident in Devyn’s eyes, Nikolai proceeded, “Observing your work selected by Bella, I’m compelled to extend an invitation for you to partake in my forthcoming series of design projects.
”
Overwhelmed with excitement, Devyn’s words tumbled out incoherently.
“I’m more than willing! It’s truly an honor to receive your invitation.
Are there any specific design guidelines or requirements?”
In contrast to Devyn’s beaming countenance, Nikolai maint
ained an air of politeness as he extended his invitation.
“I would like to extend an invitation for you to design a wedding gown for my dear friend, Christie Lopez.
She intends to showcase it for her upcoming play.
”
“Christie? Really?” Devyn murmured, disbelief tingling in her voice at the thought of designing for such a renowned figure.
With an aloof demeanor, Nikolai continued, “You will have full creative control, and the compensation will be substantial should Christie approve.
”
With each word, Devyn’s excitement swelled.
She knew being chosen by Bella indicated a promising future, but she hadn’t anticipated such a grand opportunity arriving so soon.
In the current spotlight as a renowned opera star, if Christie adorned herself in Devyn’s creations on stage, it would resonate endorsement within the industry.
This association could open doors to significant financial opportunities for Devyn shortly.
With these thoughts, Devyn’s heart danced with joy.
“Mr.
Todd, you have my word.
I will pour my heart into the design, ensuring it lives up to your expectations…”
Interrupting her flattering words, Nikolai outlined the design specifications for the wedding gown.
“Submit the design within three days, and I shall provide feedback thereafter.
”
###chapter1611
With that, Nikolai drove away, leaving Devyn to watch until he vanished from sight, her heart still racing.
It wasn’t until she returned to her studio that she began to regain composure, feeling a twinge of unease.
Devyn had become so swept up in the elation of encountering Nikolai and securing the commission from Christie that she had momentarily overlooked the unsettling truth: the design work that helped her win Bella’s approval was Stella’s idea, tainted by plagiarism.
Her euphoria dissipated in an instant.
Biting her lip, Devyn couldn’t help but seek solace in rationalization.
If she could craft a gown that pleased Nikolai and Christie, it would validate her talent.
Besides, she had seized this opportunity through her own initiative, distinct from Stella’s involvement.
Inspired by her thoughts, Devyn’s hand instinctively reached for her sketchpad, eager to bring her imagination to life.
This was her moment, the chance she’d been waiting for to showcase her skills and affirm her worth.
Meanwhile, in the quiet confines of the hospital room, Bertha remained in a state of unconsciousness.
Tubes delicately threaded through her form, sustaining her fragile existence as she weathered the trials of illness.
Neville and Miley sat vigilantly by her side, their faces etched with concern and determination.
Today, the doctor delivered a somber prognosis, emphasizing that the following few days were critical.
The fate of Bertha’s awakening hung precariously in the balance, the outcome teetering on the edge of uncertainty.
Neville’s head bowed with the weight of worry, his once steady hands now chilled by the palpable anxiety that permeated the room.
Miley clasped his hand with unwavering strength, offering solace.
“Fear not,” she whispered, her voice a gentle reassurance.
“Your grandma has approved of our relationship, and your success in securing the deal abroad will surely rouse her from slumber.
”
A glimmer of hope flickered in Neville’s eyes, reignited by Miley’s unwavering optimism.
With tenderness, Neville grasped Bertha’s hand.
“Grandma, I’ve achieved the deal you entrusted to me.
The Pierce Group has bridged the funding gap, and progress blossoms across our ventures.
You must awaken, for my duty to you still calls, and I long to share our victories.
”
With a heart brimming with hope, Neville recounted recent events to Bertha, his words a whispered plea for her return to consciousness.
“And as for Wyatt, the one who caused you harm, we’ve alerted the authorities.
Though evidence eludes us now, rest assured, I’ll tirelessly pursue justice to right the wrongs inflicted upon you.
”
Miley’s heart sank.
Holding Neville close, she reassured him, “Don’t fret.
Your grandma’s going to be alright.
”
Neville wiped his tears, giving a solemn nod.
Silence filled the room with only the hum of medical gear breaking bis, Suddenly, the door creaked open.
Both Neville and Miley snapped their heads towards the sound.
In strolled Wyatt, flashing a grin and carrying a fruit basket.
###chapter1612
Neville couldn’t believe the nerve of this guy.
He stood up, glaring at him.
“What are you doing here? You aren’t welcome.
Beat it!”
But Wyatt brushed it off.
He strolled in, still grinning.
“Hey, Mr.
Pierce, chill.
Heard your grandma’s in a fix, so I thought I’d drop by.
We were almost in-laws, weren’t we?”
Miley’s fists clenched at the memory of their kidnapping.
She spat, “You’re a criminal.
It’s your fault Bertha is like this.
We’ll nail you! You’ll rot in jail!”
Wyatt just sneered.
He smirked, eyeing Miley.
“We’re in a society of laws, sweetheart.
You need proof to talk.
Even if you’re Neville’s girlfriend now, sling mud at me and I’ll set my lawyer on you.
”
Miley seethed at his audacity.
She clenched her teeth, eyeing him.
“You snatched me and Bertha to the deserted island.
I saw it all.
If she doesn’t wake up, you’re to blame!”
Wyatt just shrugged.
When he spoke, his words dripped with disdain.
“What’s got this young lady all riled up? I don’t recall doing anything like that.
”
“You!” Miley shot him an angry glare.
“You shameless creep.
”
He smirked, unfazed.
“Say what you want.
But if you’re tagging me as the bad guy, go ahead, sue me.
I’ll get you the best lawyer.
But, uh, you must have proof.
Otherwise, it’s all just hot air.
”
He chuckled, as if it was all a big joke.
Miley boiled with rage, lunging at him.
She aimed to slap him hard but he caught her hand in mid-air.
“Well, I was just being nice, visiting the patient.
Is it too much to ask for some manners?”
He played the innocent victim.
Miley winced as his grip tightened, her expression pained.
Furious, she spat, “You shameless jerk! Let me go!”
Neville rushed over, pulling Wyatt’s hand off Miley and shoving him back.
He shielded Miley, shooting daggers at Wyatt.
“Beat it! If you don’t scram, I’ll have security toss you out!”
Wyatt stumbled back, glaring up at Neville as he regained his footing.
His expression turned icy as he met Neville’s fierce gaze.
He chuckled, shooting Miley a look like he was doing her a favor.
###chapter1613
“Watch out for Neville.
He’s a selfish man and is all about the cash.
The Pierce crew’s in for a rough ride…”
“Zip it!”
But before Wyatt could finish, a voice, aged but commanding, cut through.
“Enough, Wyatt! Shut your trap!”
Though frail, her voice carried weight.
Both Neville and Miley spun around simultaneously.
Bertha, who’d been out cold, had her eyes open now, somehow.
“Grandma, you are awake!”
Neville dashed over to her bedside, a mix of relief and worry on his face.
‘s BunnyBookery
Grabbing her hand, he fretted, asking, “How are you feeling? Do you feel any discomfort?”
Bertha weakly shook her head, managing to reply, “I’m good.
Sorry for the scare.
”
“I’m ringing the doctor right now.
”
Neville’s hands shook as he reached for the call button, buzzing with excitement.
Spotting Bertha awake, Wyatt’s expression soured.
“Old woman, you are so lucky!” he scoffed, turning to leave.
“Hold up!”
Bertha’s voice stopped Wyatt in his tracks.
As Bertha made to rise, Neville gently restrained her, urging, “Grandma, chill out.
You just woke up.
You shouldn’t let yourself get angry.
”
After reassuring her grandson, Bertha cast Wyatt a steely gaze and warned, “Own up, or face the music!”
Wyatt smirked, shooting back, “You all talk tough but where’s the proof, huh? Sue me if you got the guts!”
Confident he’d covered his tracks, Wyatt swaggered, oozing arrogance.
“You’d best rest up, Mrs.
Pierce.
One more faint, who knows if you’ll wake again.
”
“You jerk!”
Neville was ready to charge.
###chapter1614
Bertha stopped him, shaking her head slowly.
“Let him be.
”
Wyatt shot Bertha a glance, smirking at Neville.
“Learn from your grandma, young man.
Keep cool.
There are cameras everywhere.
Fighting isn’t smart.
”
With a smug grin, he strutted out of the ward.
Miley fumed, stomping her foot.
“He’s too c@@ky.
He thinks he’s above the law!”
Bertha stayed silent, her eyes downcast.
The doctor arrived soon after, checking Bertha with a smile.
“She’s out of danger now.
She just needs some rest and she’ll be tip-top.
”
Miley sighed with relief.
“Thank goodness.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Neville beamed, patting Bertha’s back.
“You’re good, Grandma.
ALL good.
”
Bertha nodded.
The doctor left after giving some advice to follow.
Neville held Bertha’s arm.
“You rest up, Grandma.
Anything you want, just say it.
I’ll sort it.
”
“No rush.
” Bertha held his hand.
Her voice was weak.
“Do you still have the clothes I was wearing when I was kidnapped?”
After a brief pause, Neville confirmed, “Your stuff’s still there.
But, uh, the clothes are a no-go.
”
“That’s fine.
” Bertha let out a sigh, relieved.
“Hand them over, please.
”
Neville scratched his head but fetched the clothes from the nearby wardrobe, passing them to her.
“Grandma, I’ll replace them.
You should chuck these away.
”
Without a word, Bertha reached into a pocket, a smile creeping in as she pulled out a pen.
“What’s this?” Neville asked.
Handing it to Neville, she explained, “This’s a recorder.
It holds proof of Wyatt’s dirt.
Take it to the cops.
”
Miley’s eyes widened.
“You recorded it? When did this happen?”
Their phones had been swiped by Wyatt and their bags too.
There was no equipment around them.
Later, the Pierces had scoured the island post-rescue and recovered nothing.
Wyatt had got away scot-free.
Miley had never imagined that Bertha had a recording!
Bertha smirked.
“Age isn’t slowing me down!”
“Check if it recorded everything,” Bertha told Neville.
###chapter1615
It was a crisis at that time, and given the events that followed their escape, Bertha was concerned about potential issues with the recorder.
When Neville activated the recorder pen, Wyatt’s voice came through clearly.
Miley felt a wave of relief and declared, “That’s wonderful.
It’s finally time to end this.
”
Breathing easier, Bertha signaled to Miley.
“Miley, come over here.
”
Miley was tense.
She wondered why Bertha was calling her over now.
Had the older lady changed her mind? Or did she to her being with Neville?
With uncertainty, Miley silently approached Bertha and met her gaze.
Taking her hand, Bertha offered a warm smile.
“Don’t worry.
I just wanted to thank you.
”
“Thank me?” Surprised, Miley looked towards Neville instinctively.
Bertha patted her hand and said gently, “If it weren’t for you, I’m afraid I couldn’t escape this situation.
I owe you my thanks.
Don’t worry.
I’ll keep my promise.
I’ll talk to Neville’s parents and support your relationship.
”
Miley felt a lump in her throat and replied, “Thank you, Mrs.
Pierce.
”
Bertha sighed slightly and continued, “When the Pierce Group was in trouble, I was so worried about losing the family business that I thought a marriage of convenience could stabilize things.
But, I overlooked my grandson’s feelings.
I’m sorry.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Miley shook her head and said, “Don’t worry about it.
I understand you did everything for Neville’s sake.
”
Looking at Miley with admiration, Bertha said, “Luckily, there’s still a chance to make things right.
With you by Neville’s side, I think I can rest easy.
”
Hearing this, Neville quickly assured her, “Grandma, you don’t need to worry.
I’ll take good care of Miley, and I’ll learn to manage the company so that the Pierce Group can thrive.
”
Bertha smiled contentedly and said, “That’s wonderful to hear.
”
After a bit more conversation, Bertha grew tired and lay down to rest.
Later that evening, Stella received a call from Miley.
Miley relayed Bertha’s approval to Stella in excitement.
“I was terrified at first.
I thought she might change her mind when she woke up.
But it turns out, she’s quite reasonable.
”
Hearing Miley’s cheerful voice, Stella finally breathed a sigh of relief.
She had seen firsthand the struggles between Neville and Miley, and now it seemed they had made it through.
She genuinely felt joyful for Miley and said, “Now you can have a peaceful life with Neville.
”
“Yes,” Miley replied with a smile.
“I used to worry I’d never get the Pierce family’s approval.
This outcome is a wonderful surprise.
”
Miley and Stella talked for a while longer before ending the call.
###chapter1616
Stella went upstairs, intending to share the good news with Matthew.
Just as she was about to open the study door, she heard Matthew’s voice inside, talking on the phone.
Stella paused, deciding to wait until he finished.
But as she turned to leave, she caught the name “Devyn.
”
“Thank you, Nikolai.
If this involves Devyn, I’ll deal with her strictly.
”
Stella immediately entered and asked Matthew, “What’s going on with Devyn? What is she involved with?”
Matthew was taken by surprise when Stella came in unexpectedly.
Quickly, he bid farewell to Nikolai and ended the call in a rush.
Observing his rush, Stella grew more curious.
Approaching him, she asked, “What’s going on? What did Devyn do?”
Realizing he couldn’t keep it from her any longer, Matthew motioned for Stella to take a seat and shared his suspicions about Devyn.
‘s BunnyBookery
“No way!” Stella firmly ed to his suspicions.
“You’re jumping to conclusions.
Devyn wouldn’t do something like that.
”
Matthew asked, “Why are you so certain?”
Stella promptly responded, “Back when I worked at Prosperity Group, every time I was in trouble, she stood up for me without hesitation.
Plus, she’s been putting in a lot of effort this time.
I really don’t think there’s anything fishy about her.
”
After a moment’s pause, she recalled that Devyn had indeed seemed different lately, but she remained convinced that Devyn wouldn’t harm her.
Matthew stayed silent.
He turned on the computer, located a file, and rotated the screen toward Stella.
“Take a look at this.
”
It was all about what went down with Devyn in the past year.
After reading it, Stella asked, “You investigated her? But it doesn’t prove anything.
”
Matthew thought for a moment.
“You know, Devyn’s strapped for cash.
Her mom needs a kidney transplant, and her two brothers are into gambling.
With all that stress, she might do some questionable stuff.
”
Stella shook her head, refusing to believe him.
“No way.
She’s got dreams and integrity.
She’d never pull something like that.
”
Stella shut off the computer screen and said earnestly, “Quit doubting her.
She’s striving hard to better her life.
Plus, we didn’t witness the work she handed to Bella, so we lack concrete evidence.
”
After speaking, she stood up and gave Matthew a serious look.
“I failed, and I’m sad, but I can’t put the blame on others for my failure.
”
Matthew placed his hands on her shoulders to calm her down.
He said calmly, “I know you’re reluctant to doubt her, and I also understand that I lack solid proof, so I had Nikolai test her.
Now it’s up to you whether you want to test your friendship with her or not.
”
###chapter1617
Stella glanced at Matthew, sensing a return of his confident and distant attitude from when they first met, yet she acknowledged the truth in his words.
If Devyn truly did something wrong, Stella had to confront her about it.
After pondering for a moment, Stella made a decision and stated, “Alright, I’ll take your advice.
”
A day later, Nikolai received Devyn’s design draft and promptly forwarded it to Matthew.
“How do you find her design?” Matthew asked over the phone.
“It’s average,” Nikolai replied bluntly.
“Perhaps she can shine among average designers, but there’s still plenty of room for improvement.
With her design skills, it’s unlikely for her to make it into my studio.
I’m puzzled how Bella selected her.
”
Matthew and Nikolai shared the same idea.
“What’s the next move you want me to make?”
‘s BunnyBookery
After pondering for a moment, Matthew instructed, “Send the design back to her and ask for revisions.
”
Upon ending the call, Matthew led Stella to the study.
“Take a look at the design draft Devyn submitted to Nikolai.
Do you think Bella, who’s known for her strictness, would approve something like this?”
Stella studied the design draft intently.
After a moment of silence, she said, “This design isn’t quite up to par, but…”
Just then, her phone buzzed.
Stella paused and checked her phone.
It was a message from Devyn.
Noticing her serious look, Matthew asked, “Who messaged you?”
Stella showed him the screen and explained, “It’s from Devyn.
She feels bad for not inviting me to her last event, so she wants to make it up to me with a meal today.
”
Stella hesitated, and then turned to Matthew.
“Do you think I should accept?”
Matthew gave her a reassuring pat on the shoulder.
“Yes.
Don’t worry; I’ve got your back.
”
Stella nodded, and then responded to Devyn, asking for the details of their meet-up.
Devyn texted back quickly.
After reading the message, Matthew couldn’t help but caution Stella, “Be careful tonight.
I just had Nikolai return her design, and now she’s reaching out.
Something doesn’t add up.
Make sure to record what she says.
”
Stella wanted to trust Devyn, yet the opportunity to clear the air was too good to pass up.
She stayed quiet after that.
Stella arrived on time for their meeting.
When she got to the Gem Restaurant, Devyn was already there waiting for her in a private room.
As soon as Stella walked in, Devyn greeted her warmly, a stark contrast to her demeanor at the party the other day.
She took Stella by the arm and guided her to her seat, saying, “There were too many people last time, and I couldn’t give you the attention you deserved.
Today it’s just us, so let’s enjoy ourselves.
”
###chapter1618
Stella responded with a smile.
Even though she had rehearsed what to say at home, Devyn still felt a twinge of guilt when she looked at Stella.
However, she quickly hid her feelings.
Handing over the menu, she told Stella, “Feel free to order whatever you’d like.
”
Stella took the menu and thought about Devyn’s recent struggles that Matthew had found out about.
Deciding to be cautious, she chose some of the less expensive dishes.
During the meal, Devyn brought up some light gossip, which helped Stella relax a bit, making her think that maybe Matthew was just being overly cautious.
Halfway through their dinner, Devyn set her utensils down and said in a troubled tone, “Actually, there’s another reason I wanted to meet up today, aside from celebrating.
”
Stella felt her heart skip but hid it well, casually asking, “What’s going on?”
“Just this…” Pulling out the design draft, Devyn mentioned, “Ever heard of the famous designer Nikolai? He’s asked me to design a wedding dress for Christie.
I’ve sketched out a draft, but it’s not quite there yet.
Could you take a look? I’m really keen to nail this.
”
Devyn acted just as Matthew had predicted.
Stella, feeling a twinge of disappointment, accepted the tablet to review the design.
It was the same one she’d recently seen.
Regaining her composure, she inquired gently, “Have you considered the main color for the dress?”
“White, of course,” Devyn answered, as if it was obvious for a wedding dress.
Stella’s response was simple but firm.
“No.
”
Devyn was caught off guard.
Stella looked up, her gaze intense with passion for design.
“Christie should wear black.
Remember her as the Night Duchess in one of her performances? The black costume was a hit, and she’s openly expressed her love for black.
”
With a serious tone, Stella fixed her eyes on Devyn and added, “If you haven’t done your homework on her preferences, how can you design the perfect dress?”
Stella’s serious vibe scared Devyn at first.
But then, with an awkward smile, Devyn admitted, “Yeah, I should’ve done my homework.
My bad.
”
Seeing Devyn’s face fall when she messed up made Stella feel kind of bad.
Then, Stella softened up a bit.
“Nikolai’s got a big reputation in the design world.
He’s always got high standards.
If you’re taking his gig, you will have to step it up.
Research is key.
Don’t rush it.
”
Devyn couldn’t even meet Stella’s eyes; she felt so embarrassed.
She owned up to getting carried away when Nikolai offered her the job.
After a long silence, she finally nodded.
“Got it.
I’ll do better next time.
”
Stella eased off the tough love.
###chapter1619
She checked out Devyn’s design and suggested, “Maybe swap the main dress for a sleek black one for Christie.
Add some different-sized sequins for pop.
”
Then Stella paused, saying, “It was just a thought.
Take it or leave it.
”
Devyn felt inspired by the idea.
Gratefully, she looked at Stella.
“Thanks for the pointers.
I’ll really think about it and put in the work.
”
Looking at her own design, Devyn felt a twinge of sadness.
Stella’s few words made such a big difference.
Stella thought it was a good moment.
“Mind showing me your work for Bella? I would like to see what she’s into.
It’ll help me up my game for next time.
”
Stella wanted to trust Devyn, not keep doubting her.
“Nol”
Devyn shot down the request.
Her fists clenched without her even realizing.
Why was Stella suddenly asking to see her work? Did she suspect something?
Stella was taken aback by Devyn’s reaction.
Devyn noticed her own harsh tone.
She awkwardly explained, “I can’t show you yet.
It’s confidential and it’s against the rules.
”
Considering the competition rules, Stella didn’t push.
After a moment’s thought, she suggested, “Could you at least share your design concept? Just between friends, not breaking any rules.
”
Devyn felt uneasy, biting her lip and looking down.
“Sorry.
”
Stella got the message after being turned down twice.
She stopped probing and said softly, “Okay.
”
Devyn put her tablet away and returned to her seat, eating in silence with her head down.
Stella seemed lost in thought, sneaking glances at Devyn and getting all serious.
Devyn felt like Stella could see right through her, making her breathless.
Just when Devyn was struggling to wrap up the meal, her phone rang out of the blue.
She snatched it up like it was a lifeline.
But after a few words, her face drained of color.
“I know.
I’ll be there…”
###chapter1620
Ending the call, she grabbed her bag in a panic.
“Sorry, I must go.
Something’s come up.
”
Stella, seeing Devyn’s distress, reached out instinctively.
“What’s wrong? What happened?”
Tears brimmed in Devyn’s eyes.
She pulled away from Stella, sobbing.
“It’s my mom… Something’s happened.
I must go!”
Devyn’s eyes were red with tears streaming down her face.
She pushed Stella’s hand away, ready to leave.
Stella grabbed her arm and said, “I’m coming with you.
”
Devyn could only think of her mom in that moment, her heart racing with panic.
She nodded, not thinking of anything else.
They left the restaurant quickly and caught a taxi.
Not far from them, a black Maybach was parked.
The driver spotted Stella, turned to Matthew, and reported, “Mr.
Clark, it’s Stella.
They seem to be heading out.
”
Matthew saw their worried expressions, furrowed his brows, and commanded, “Follow them.
”
Once Stella and Devyn got into the taxi, the Maybach began tailing them.
At the hospital, Stella and Devyn rushed into the ward.
Soon after, a doctor called Devyn into his office.
Visibly anxious, Devyn asked, “Doctor, what’s going on? How’s my mom?”
‘s BunnyBookery
The doctor sighed deeply and said, “Her condition worsened suddenly today.
She’s still being resuscitated.
It’s really up to her strength to pull through this critical time.
”
Devyn’s knees nearly gave out.
“What can we do now? Doctor, please, there must be something.
I’d do anything to save her.
”
The doctor looked at Devyn with pity.
“The most urgent need is a kidney donor.
None of the other treatments have been able to cure her fully.
”
Kidney? Devyn stumbled, struggling to comprehend the situation.
She took a deep breath and questioned the doctor, “You told me just a few days ago that my mom was stable.
Why has her condition worsened so suddenly?”
The doctor exhaled deeply and replied, “Your mother’s condition is complex and challenging to treat.
It could deteriorate at any time, and I’m not entirely sure of all the details.
”
He paused, as if recalling something.
“However, the nurse mentioned that someone visited your mother today.
Right after they left, her condition took a turn for the worse.
”
Devyn’s expression darkened, and fear crept over her.
She thought about the mysterious woman who had called earlier.
No one else usually visited her mother, and this woman seemed to know a lot about her family.
“Miss Padilla, don’t lose hope.
We’re doing everything we can to find a kidney donor for your mother,” the doctor assured her.
###chapter1621
Dazed, Devyn thanked him and exited the office.
She bit her lip as she walked toward the ICU, feeling defeated.
Stella followed close behind, concerned and unsure of how to help.
Peering through the ICU window, Devyn saw her mother, Maureen, connected to a ventilator, looking fragile and vulnerable.
Tears began to roll down Devyn’s cheeks.
She remembered how, as a child, she always saw her mother as invincible.
But now, her mother seemed just a breath away from leaving her.
Witnessing her friend’s distress, Stella remained silent for a long while before softly asking, “What’s wrong with your mother?”
Devyn glanced at Stella and choked as she disclosed Maureen’s condition.
Her eyes were red, and tears streamed down her cheeks.
Recalling how Devyn appeared a few days earlier, Stella felt a surge of sadness.
She hadn’t realized Devyn was struggling so much.
“Why didn’t you tell me sooner? I could help you sort this out,”
Stella offered.
Devyn clenched her fists and shook her head.
“There’s nothing you can do.
Please, just go.
”
In that moment, Stella’s kindness only highlighted Devyn’s wrongdoing.
Yet, she knew she couldn’t alter the harsh reality.
Devyn couldn’t stand to see her mother in pain.
She was determined to do whatever it took to save her.
Assuming Devyn was reluctant to burden her, Stella suggested, “I’ll get Matthew to see if he can help.
”
Just then, Devyn’s phone buzzed.
She checked it and saw a threatening message.
“Don’t do anything foolish.
Follow my instructions, or your mother will suffer.
”
After reading the message, Devyn felt a wave of dizziness.
She snapped at Stella, “Stop.
I’ve told you to leave.
I don’t need your help!”
Stella noticed Devyn getting all worked up and hesitated.
Her mouth twitched a bit, but ultimately, she chose silence, walking out of the hospital without a word.
Just as she exited, Matthew came up, wrapping his arm around her with concern etched on his face.
“What’s up? Why the sudden hospital trip?”
Stella met his gaze, feeling a bit worn out.
“Devyn’s mom got sick real bad and things took a turn.
I came to be there for her.
”
###chapter1622
Remembering Devyn’s earlier reaction, she sighed.
“You might be onto something with your hunch.
Looks like Devyn might’ve done something to upset me…”
She furrowed her brows, replaying her chat with Devyn.
“But it seemed like she was under some pressure or something.
”
Matthew pondered for a second.
“What makes you think that?”
Stella spilled all she’d seen and heard at the hospital.
“When I offered to help, she got a text and hurried me away like she didn’t want to be seen with me.
”
Matthew’s face turned serious as he mulled over it.
“Let’s not jump to conclusions.
We’ll see how things unfold, no need to stress.
”
Stella nodded.
“Yeah, now that Bella has selected her favorite work, let’s put an end to this matter.
The big deal on our plate now is our wedding.
”
Back at the hospital, as soon as Stella left, Devyn hit up someone on the phone.
Her hand shook as she waited for the call to connect.
The woman on the line not only held her brothers’ lives but also knew where her mom was.
She felt like she was being played by that woman and she had no clue who she was.
When the call finally went through, Devyn exploded, yelling, “Who the heck are you? Why are you messing with my mom? I did everything you asked…”
Devyn broke down in tears.
She wasn’t fully convinced it was the same person who showed up at Maureen’s room until that text popped up, and then it clicked.
Their only mode of communication was calls and texts, leaving Devyn clueless about who the mysterious woman was or why she was dragging her into this mess.
Elizabeth didn’t deny a thing.
Instead, she chuckled and said bluntly, “Looks Like you’re
slacking.
I’m just reminding you to step it up.
It isn’t my problem that your mom’s condition suddenly deteriorated…”
“You…” Devyn tried to retort but Elizabeth cut in, “We’re in this together now.
You’re about to inherit Bella’s gig with a bright future ahead.
Don’t make me sweat over this.
”
Devyn shook with anger, convinced this person was behind her mom’s sudden turn for the worse.
Looking at her mom in the ICU, it took Devyn a moment to speak up.
“I’ll do whatever you want.
Just leave my mom be!”
Elizabeth sneered.
“I couldn’t care less about your mom.
Keep doing what I say, she’ll be fine.
”
Devyn swallowed her rage and asked sternly, “What about the promise for the kidney donor?”
Hearing the despair in Devyn’s voice, Elizabeth stayed cool.
“Depends on how well you do your job.
If you make Stella’s life hell and make me happy, you’ll get what you need.
”
With that, Elizabeth coldly hung up the phone.
Devyn wanted to say more but all she got was that annoying busy signal, so she reluctantly dropped her phone.
###chapter1623
Her heart sank like a stone.
She crumpled to the floor, hugging her knees, tears pouring out.
After a bit, she mustered the strength to dial her older brother, Karson Padilla.
“Karson, something’s up with Mom…”
Her voice raspy, she struggled to get the words out, but all she got back was a cacophony of noise.
Finally, Karson’s impatient voice pierced through, booming, “Who’s this? I can’t talk now, busy!”
Devyn caught wind of the chatter on his end, betting odds being tossed around.
Her eyes widened, frustration boiling over.
“Karson! How… how could you gamble again?”
She’d hoped he’d learned his lesson after all those tough times.
But she never imagined that with their mom still fighting in the ICU, Karson would hit the tables again.
Karson, realizing it was Devyn, burst out, “Chill, I just hit big.
This time’s going to be different; we’ll be back on top soon!”
His voice, frenzied like a junkie chasing a high, echoed down the line.
Laughter, tinged with madness, filled the air, leaving Devyn’s heart in freefall, lost in despair.
She was on the edge of yelling.
“Karson, have you lost it? When will you quit relying on gambling to fix things? Haven’t you learned from past mistakes? Do you have to push it till you crash? Keep going till you ruin Mom?”
But all she got back was the same old busy signal from her phone.
Devyn stared at her phone in disbelief, tears clouding her vision instantly.
She gripped it so tight, she nearly crushed it.
After a while, her emotions settled a bit.
She looked at Maureen, pale in the ICU, determination in her eyes.
Karson couldn’t be counted on, so she had to be the one Maureen could rely on!
Devyn pulled out a USB flash drive from her pocket.
She’d snagged a bunch of data from Stella’s computer earlier, including some of her designs, all stashed in this USB.
No time to waste now.
With Stella’s designs, she could tackle all her problems head-on, no sweat.
Days later, Nikolai forwarded Devyn’s latest design to Matthew.
After meticulously studying it, Matthew couldn’t help but sneer inwardly.
As he anticipated, Devyn had directly taken Stella’s idea.
The foundational layer of this newly crafted wedding dress boasted a soft pink hue, adorned with a trailing black veil.
Beneath the veil, hints of pink peeked through, casting off a subtle, ethereal charm that elevated the gown’s elegance.
It was a wedding dress of remarkable style, featuring intricate layers that balanced opulence with understated grace.
Nikolai sighed, remarking, “This is precisely the kind of wedding dress Christie adores.
Stella’s guidance truly proves invaluable.
”
“It’s merely her standard fare.
” Well aware of Stella’s design prowess, Matthew was not surprised by her capabilities.
###chapter1624
Nikolai chuckled.
“You sound so proud of her.
Indeed, as a designer, Stella possesses both skill and diligence.
She is a rising Luminary in our design realm.
Had she not ventured into entrepreneurship, I would have eagerly hired her with a high salary.
”
After a pause, Nikolai lowered his voice.
“There’s something else concerning Devyn I must share with you…”
Matthew’s expression darkened upon hearing this revelation.
“I see.
”
Once the call ended, he summoned Stella and presented her with Devyn’s design for the wedding dress.
With a casual demeanor, he remarked, “Our suspicions have been confirmed.
”
A subtle shadow passed over Stella’s eyes.
It was obvious that Devyn had faithfully replicated her idea without injecting a hint of originality.
Matthew continued, “A designer who merely mimics others’ ideas earns Bella’s acclaim? It’s evident Devyn copied your idea.
”
Stella felt a pang of sadness, rendered momentarily speechless.
Matthew gazed at her intently and added, “If you have any lingering doubts, peruse Devyn’s online store.
”
Confusion etched across Stella’s features as she glanced up at him.
Matthew did not explain further.
“Prepare yourself mentally.
You might see something unpleasant.
”
With a furrowed brow and a fluttering heart, Stella reached for her phone and opened Devyn’s online boutique.
Today, Devyn refreshed her online boutique with an array of new garments.
Stella carefully perused each item, her expression darkening with each passing moment.
Each piece bore the imprint of her own creativity, yet Devyn had boldly emblazoned “Original work, plagiarism will be punished” on the design page.
Stella’s hands trembled, her lips pressed into a tight line as tears welled in her eyes.
These creations were her efforts, yet they had all been stolen by a friend she had trusted and defended.
Before the harsh truth was laid bare, Stella had clung to hope for Devyn’s integrity.
However, the stark reality displayed on the online shop dashed her expectations entirely, leaving her unable to deceive herself any longer.
“Why?” Stella’s voice quivered with confusion and pain at Devyn’s betrayal.
“I thought we were friends.
I always sought to support her.
How could she betray that trust? Why couldn’t she confide in me if she’s facing challenges?”
Observing Stella’s distress, Matthew retrieved a tissue and tenderly offered it to her.
With a gentle pat on her back, Matthew spoke with a firm resolve.
“Even if she’s struggling, what she’s doing constitutes serious plagiarism, and it’s tarnishing your reputation.
Would you like me to assist you in addressing this?”
Matthew harbored a fear that Stella might not be equipped to handle the situation and that she would suffer further hurt.
“Addressing this…” Stella echoed Matthew’s words, her sense of direction muddled by the overwhelming situation.
“Stop allowing emotions to dictate your actions; this issue needs swift resolution.
”
###chapter1625
While Matthew’s rational voice reverberated in her ears, Stella’s thoughts drifted to memories of Devyn’s sorrowful gaze in front of her mother’s ICU ward and the countless times they had collaborated at Prosperity Group, where Devyn had been a staunch defender and ally.
They had once been the closest of friends.
After a prolonged pause, Stella finally responded to Matthew, her voice firm, “I need to speak with Devyn.
”
Matthew furrowed his brow slightly, his dissatisfaction evident in his expression.
“Why subject yourself to further pain by going to see her?”
Stella pursed her lips, lifting her gaze to meet Matthew’s, her resolve unwavering.
“I understand she’s crossed a line, but she’s been facing considerable challenges lately.
I believe in allowing her to come clean.
”
Matthew stuck to his guns.
With a comforting pat on Stella’s shoulder, he warned her, “Don’t risk your future on Devyn’s so-called friendship.
It’s not worth it.
”
Stella got the message.
The selected designer would become Bella’s student.
Whether Bella was her mother or not, being under her wing meant learning from the best.
Yet, Stella wanted to give Devyn one last chance.
She met Matthew’s gaze, firm in her decision.
“I’ve got this, don’t worry.
”
Matthew sensed her resolve and backed off.
Maybe Stella needed to confront Devyn face-to-face.
He agreed, saying, “Let’s go see her.
”
At Devyn’s studio, Stella hesitated before knocking.
Entering, she found Devyn engrossed in work.
“Who’s there?”
Devyn glanced up, her expression shifting.
She knew why Stella had come.
The online shop had just been updated with new styles of dresses, and here was Stella.
Devyn feigned ignorance.
“Hey, Stella.
Sorry, I’m swamped with orders right now so I don’t have time.
”
It was clear she wanted Stella gone.
Stella saw through the act, sensing Devyn’s guilt.
“Really? Congrats, but…” Stella cut to the chase.
“Why are your designs eerily similar to mine, the ones I haven’t even released?”
Devyn paused her work, a facade of innocence plastered on her face.
“What a coincidence, huh? But let’s be real, Stella.
Similarities happen all the time.
It’s not like I copied your exact patterns.
”
###chapter1626
Stella’s last hope shattered as Devyn remained stubborn.
It was clear she wasn’t going to confess.
Stella’s politeness vanished, replaced by a sharp tone.
“We haven’t seen each other in a long time.
You suddenly reached out, didn’t you? For a reason.
”
With a self-mocking smile, Stella spoke.
“Under the guise of collaboration, you’ve been eyeing my designs, haven’t you?”
Devyn clenched her mouse, her lips pressed tight, offering no defense.
Stella’s disappointment deepened at Devyn’s silence.
Heartbroken, Stella let it out.
“I wouldn’t have believed you were capable of this if I hadn’t seen it myself! I’ve always had your back, offered to help.
Why stoop to plagiarism?”
Devyn quivered but steadied herself.
She’d copied Stella’s work discreetly and there was no proof in sight.
With resolve, Devyn spoke up, meeting Stella’s gaze.
“Why accuse me without proof? Show evidence or face defamation charges.
”
“Defamation?”
Stella shook her head, stunned.
Devyn seemed like a whole new person to her.
With a bitter smile, Stella spoke.
“Looks like absence really does change people.
You can twist things without batting an eye.
I misjudged you.
”
Under Stella’s icy stare, Devyn felt a chill creep over her.
Through gritted teeth, she retorted, “You’re clueless.
Who are you to judge me so boldly?”
Protected by Matthew, Stella had never felt this powerless, nor tormented by life’s cruelty.
Devyn, on the other hand, was always the one being pushed around, never given a choice!
Devyn’s temper cooled.
She didn’t want to argue further.
“I’m swamped here.
You can leave.
If you’ve got a case, show me proof.
”
Seeing that Devyn still didn’t confess, Stella’s gaze held sadness.
“Since we reconnected, I sensed a change in you.
I hoped it was just tough times.
I tried to help…”
Tears welled up in Stella’s eyes.
“I’ve done nothing wrong to you.
I get you’re in a bind, but selling out a friend who’s always had your back? That’s low.
”
Devyn’s heart twinged at Stella’s words, her own guilt gnawing at her.
She bit her lip tightly, afraid that she would waver.
Stella pressed on, “You’re right.
I have no evidence now, but I’ll find it.
Everything leaves a trace.
”
With finality, Stella slammed the door, leaving Devyn in stunned silence.
###chapter1627
The echoing slam jolted Devyn back to reality.
She gazed at the closed door with tears streaming down her cheeks.
Unable to stand, her legs gave out and she collapsed.
Today’s events marked the end of her friendship with Stella.
Since she decided to copy Stella’s design, she knew this day would come.
But facing it, she realized how painful it was to lose a friend over a mistake.
Yet, she didn’t regret it.
Family safety mattered more than Stella’s friendship.
In the evening, Devyn visited Maureen in the hospital.
Maureen was improving and awake, though sadness lingered in her eyes.
Noticing her mom’s distress, Devyn asked gently, “Mom, what’s on your mind?”
Maureen fretted about the medical bills.
“It must be costly.
If I can’t get better, we’ll…”
Devyn reassured her, “Don’t worry, Mom.
I’ve made money from the online shop.
We can handle the bills.
Just focus on getting better.
”
Relieved, Maureen sighed.
“Thank goodness.
It’s all my fault.
You must have suffered a lot for my sake.
”
Devyn choked back tears, denying, “No, don’t blame yourself.
Your health is what matters most.
”
They talked until Maureen dozed off and then Devyn settled the bills.
But the nurse stopped her.
“The bills are paid and there’s extra.
Someone took care of it.
”
Who could have helped her?
Puzzled, Devyn asked, “Who?”
“She’s a real looker,” the nurse mused, pondering for a second before a lightbulb lit up in her mind.
“Oh, she left you a note.
”
Devyn wrinkled her brow and grabbed the note from the nurse’s grip.
Stella’s scribble was unmistakable.
In neat writing, it said, “Devyn, I know you’re in a jam, and I hope this bit helps.
But as a friend, I wish you’d come clean about what’s been going down.
”
Devyn stared at the beautifully written note with tears trickling down her face.
She understood that Stella was reaching out, trying to lend a hand.
But Devyn was boxed in.
If she didn’t play ball with that woman, her mom wouldn’t get that kidney.
###chapter1628
Clutching the note, Devyn knew there was no turning back with Stella.
She couldn’t stomach taking that kindness.
With resolve, Devyn squared her shoulders.
“Please transfer the money back to that lady’s account.
I’ll cover it.
”
Meanwhile, Stella and Matthew returned to Prosper Bay.
Matthew wasn’t feeling Stella’s moves.
“You’re too soft,” he sighed.
“She ripped off your work and won’t own up.
I didn’t figure you for the forgiving type, but you still helped her.
”
Stella shot him a glance, her lips tight.
“True, her betrayal stings, but we were friends once.
I can’t just sit back while her mom’s on the ropes.
I had to do what I could.
”
Stella let out a tiny sigh.
“Maybe there’s still a shot she’ll turn things around.
”
Right after, her phone buzzed.
A refund message popped up, leaving Stella floored.
Seeing the refund, she smirked sadly, passing the phone to Matthew.
“It looks Like getting her to come clean won’t be happening.
”
Matthew gave it a quick glance, his tone steely.
“She had her chance.
There’s no need for kid gloves.
”
Flipping his laptop screen towards Stella, he got to the point.
“Our priority now is letting Bella know.
We have pretty much confirmed Devyn has swiped your contest idea.
Bella needs to know for fairness’s sake.
”
Stella nodded, taking it in.
“Got it.
”
Seated at her computer, she bundled up her design concept and sketches, zipping them off to Bella.
Her email asked for guidance from Bella.
She was playing it respectful.
But Bella’s reply dashed her hopes.
Cold and curt, just a “Sorry, Ms.
Anderson, my job’s picking top-notch stuff, not answering queries.
”
Stella stared at the email, feeling deflated.
It seemed like Bella would not be budging or buying any excuse.
To Bella, maybe it looked like a desperate scramble, just digging herself a deeper hole.
Stella was tough as nails, though.
She wasn’t afraid of anything since she hadn’t done anything wrong.
It was just that finding her family would become more difficult.
With that reality sinking in, Stella felt a heavy cloud over her.
She looked to Matthew, searching for a lifeline.
“What now? We’re short on proof that Devyn’s a copycat.
Bella won’t flip her script just because of my sketches and words.
To her, I’m the big, bad plagiarist.
”
Matthew knitted his brows, mulling it over.
He gave her a reassuring pat.
“Leave it to me.
I’ll dig up the dirt.
”
With her friend’s betrayal and Bella’s suspicion weighing on her, Stella found solace in leaning against Matthew, a silent agreement passing between them.
###chapter1629
Matthew’s gaze fixed on the screen, shadows in his eyes.
He reminded her, “Keep those design dates on file.
They could be the ace up our sleeve later.
”
The following day, Stella could have her bandage removed.
Matthew wanted to accompany her to the hospital for a check-up, but she declined.
She lightly pushed him away with her good hand and said, “Go to work.
I’ve asked Juliette to come with me.
Don’t worry.
”
Matthew, still concerned, suggested, “Let me take you to the hospital.
”
“No, that’s okay,” Stella insisted.
“I’ve been healing for a while now.
It will be fine.
Just head to work.
Juliette might feel uncomfortable with you there.
”
Unable to persuade her otherwise, Matthew reluctantly agreed, “Alright, but be careful.
Remember your hand isn’t completely healed yet.
”
Stella nodded emphatically.
After seeing Matthew off, she left for the hospital with Juliette.
In the hospital, the doctor removed Stella’s bandage and remarked, “Your injury is healing nicely, but you should avoid strenuous activity for now.
Your hand still needs rest.
”
Hearing this, Stella felt a sense of relief.
With her right hand having been injured, it had been challenging for her to manage her tasks for a long time.
Now, she was nearing the end of that ordeal.
Moreover, her wedding was approaching, and she definitely didn’t want to wear a bandage on her big day.
As they exited the hospital, Juliette noticed that Stella seemed downcast.
Puzzled, she inquired, “What’s the matter? Didn’t the doctor say your hand is doing well? Why do you still seem unhappy?”
“It’s nothing.
” Stella was reluctant to say more.
“Come on, talk to me.
What’s going on? Don’t you trust me?” Juliette asked, her voice serious.
Stella didn’t intend to keep secrets from Juliette.
She just wasn’t sure how to begin.
After a moment of thought, she opened up about Devyn’s betrayal.
“I still can’t believe she would do something like that.
I was going to invite her to the wedding, but now, I guess there’s no point.
”
Juliette’s anxiety turned to anger.
“That’s way out of Line! How could she do that to you? She had no right to steal your work! You can’t just let her off easy.
”
Remembering Devyn’s desperate look, Stella felt a pang of sadness.
“Maybe she felt she had no choice but to do it, needing the money.
”
Juliette shook her head in disagreement, stating firmly, “She shouldn’t do that, no matter what.
You’re her friend.
”
Juliette’s anger boiled over, and she seemed ready to confront Devyn immediately.
Seeing her so worked up, Stella regretted bringing it up.
She grabbed Juliette’s arm, trying to divert her attention.
“Let’s drop it for now.
I’ll handle it with Matthew.
For now, why don’t you help me pick out some clothes for my grandpa? He needs something to wear at the wedding.
”
Though Juliette continued to grumble about Devyn, she accompanied Stella to the mall.
###chapter1630
As soon as they walked into the mall, they noticed a crowd gathered around the central stage.
Juliette whispered, “It’s not a holiday today.
What’s with the crowd? Is there a celebrity here?”
Stella glanced in the same direction and spotted a large poster off in the distance, featuring Devyn.
It turned out Devyn was holding a promotional event at the mall.
Stella suggested leaving, but Juliette caught sight of the name on the poster and asked, “Devyn Padilla? Someone with the same name? Oh, isn’t she the one who betrayed you?”
“Let’s just leave,” Stella urged, trying to keep the peace.
Juliette held her ground.
“You’ve done nothing wrong.
Why should we leave? I want to hear what this copycat has to say to everyone!”
Resolute, Juliette dragged Stella closer to the stage.
Since Juliette was pregnant, Stella didn’t resist.
She just let Juliette lead the way.
‘s BunnyBookery
Once they reached a good spot near the stage, Stella could hear reporters bombarding questions.
“Miss Padilla, your online shop has lots of new designs.
How do you come up with such great ideas? Can you share your secrets with us?”
The reporters threw question after question.
Before Devyn could respond, another reporter cut in sharply, “Miss Padilla, several designers have noted that your style closely resembles Stella’s.
Did you copy her designs?”
Devyn’s face flickered with emotion, but she quickly smoothed her features into a composed smile for the camera.
“When I was at Prosperity Group, Stella guided me.
That’s probably why my designs remind people of hers.
”
Only Stella caught the brief strain in Devyn’s smile.
Stella stayed quiet, her expression unreadable.
As Devyn spoke with the reporters, Juliette’s frustration boiled over.
Devyn hadn’t brought up any of her underhanded actions.
“She should be ashamed!” Juliette burst out, unable to contain her anger.
“How can she show her face at a publicity event after stealing someone else’s work? Does she really want everyone to learn she’s a plagiarist?”
Juliette’s cheeks flushed red with rage.
Stella gently grasped her hand, trying to calm her.
“Let it go,” she urged softly.
“You’re pregnant, and getting upset over someone like her isn’t worth it.
We’re surrounded by people.
Let’s just leave.
”
As they turned to leave, a reporter caught sight of Stella.
“Isn’t that Stella?” the reporter called out, causing heads to turn.
“It’s really Stella! Is she here to support Devyn? They must be close,” someone in the crowd murmured, stirring more whispers.
“Ms.
Anderson, since you’re here, why not come up on stage and take some questions?” the reporter suggested eagerly.
Caught by the crowd’s attention, Stella found herself unable to just walk away.
She reluctantly made her way onto the stage, accepting the microphone someone handed her.
Devyn seemed upset when she heard the reporter shout “Stella”, but she kept quiet since she was on camera.
###chapter1631
At that moment, she noticed Stella walking toward her, and her hand tightened around the microphone.
She hadn’t expected to run into Stella here.
If Stella revealed the truth to the reporters, Devyn’s reputation could be destroyed.
Trying to intervene, Devyn stepped forward, but the reporter had already turned to Stella with a question.
“Ms.
Anderson, the new outfits designed by Miss Padilla look quite similar to yours.
Did you offer her any advice?”
Devyn went pale and stiffened.
Stella, not glancing aside, slowly shook her head and replied, “No, I didn’t advise Miss Padilla.
”
At her words, the crowd erupted into murmurs.
Stella, appearing unconcerned, smiled at Devyn and added, “I’m quite interested in Miss Padilla’s design ideas.
”
Encouraged by Stella’s question, someone in the crowd prompted, “Since Ms.
Anderson is curious, perhaps you’d like to share more about your concept, Miss Padilla? We’d all love to hear about it.
”
Caught off guard, Devyn stuttered, “I…” but meeting Stella’s piercing gaze, she found herself at a loss for words again.
She hesitated, struggling to speak, as the audience began whispering among themselves.
“What’s going on? Why is Devyn faltering? Doesn’t she understand her own design?”
“Wasn’t she very confident earlier? Why is she stumbling over her words now in front of Stella?”
Upon hearing this, Devyn felt a cold shiver.
Her legs weakened, and she barely managed to remain upright.
Stella smiled toward the audience and announced, “Since Miss Padilla seems lost for words, I’ll do the honors.
”
She then explained, “The inspiration behind this collection is the iris.
Irises represent beauty and nobility, and their petals are distinctive.
We’ve used cashmere and silk to mimic the feel of iris petals.
Additionally, the patterns on the garments mirror the unique shape of irises, which are quite challenging to craft…”
Stella delivered her explanation of the design concept effortlessly.
After a brief silence, a wave of murmurs swept through the crowd.
The reporters exchanged glances and started murmuring among themselves.
“Why does it seem like Stella knows Devyn’s work better than Devyn herself? Is that possible?”
“That’s peculiar.
How could someone else understand the design concept better than the designer?”
“Is something off here?”
Doubts about Devyn’s capabilities grew.
A reporter handed her a microphone.
“Miss Padilla, how come Stella seems more familiar with your design concept?”
###chapter1632
Devyn’s face tensed up.
Under the glaring flashlights, she froze.
Though Stella hadn’t directly accused Devyn of copying, her thorough knowledge of the design and her composure weighed heavily on Devyn.
She could no longer conceal the truth.
She began to speak, but her words failed her.
As she gripped the microphone tightly, her knuckles turned white.
All eyes fixated on Devyn, while Stella quietly observed her too.
Stella held back on calling out Devyn’s plagiarism, hoping she’d come clean and make things right.
Finally, breaking the silence just before everyone’s patience wore thin, Devyn spoke up.
Smiling at Stella, Devyn remarked, “Facing all these cameras is a first for me.
My nerves are kicking in.
Stella here is eloquent; she said it all.
I want to thank her for her help.
”
Stella’s expression turned icy as she retorted, “Really now? I always figured even if a designer’s not a chatterbox, they can still proudly show off their work.
And hey, when we teamed up before, you weren’t shy about speaking up.
I never thought you’d need someone else to speak for you after leaving Prosperity Group.
”
She glanced at Devyn with a faint smirk, watching as Devyn’s facade began to crack, though she felt no joy in it.
She didn’t want this public confrontation with Devyn, but she couldn’t let her off easy, either.
Trying to maintain some dignity for Devyn based on their history, Stella found no gratitude forthcoming.
With a deep breath, Stella resolved not to back down now that Devyn had made her stance clear.
Turning to the reporters, she dropped a bombshell.
“Funny coincidence, I’ve got a series featuring irises coming out soon too.
Let’s see how it stacks up against Devyn’s.
”
As murmurs erupted from the audience, Devyn’s expression shifted drastically.
Stella had just declared war in front of everyone, and Devyn knew she was no match for Stella at all.
Devyn stood rigid on the stage.
She wanted to speak but seeing Stella’s blank face, she clammed up.
Stella, ignoring Devyn, exited the stage.
“Don’t sweat it.
Devyn’s true colors will come out eventually.
She won’t stay high and mighty for long,” Juliette reassured Stella, shooting a glare at Devyn before squeezing Stella’s hand in comfort.
Feeling Juliette’s warmth, Stella nodded, her icy demeanor thawing slightly.
The next day, at Prosperity Group, Matthew’s expression darkened as he stared at the computer screen.
Yesterday’s interview with Devyn and Stella played out before him.
Fernando entered, concern evident in his voice.
“Mr.
Clark?”
Matthew didn’t bother to look up, his tone chilly.
“What is it?”
###chapter1633
Fernando hesitated before handing over a document.
“This is the visitor log for Devyn’s mom, like you asked for.
”
Matthew finally looked up and took the document.
His brows furrowed as he scanned it.
When he spotted a familiar name, his confusion grew.
Slater?
Matthew stared at the name intently.
When did Slater get mixed up with Devyn? What role did he play in all this?
“Get in touch with Slater.
I need to see him tonight,” Matthew instructed.
Fernando nodded and dashed out.
Soon, he returned with news, reporting, “Slater’s swamped lately, his assistant said.
”
Matthew’s brow creased.
It wasn’t like Slater to dodge meetings.
With a sneer, Matthew told Fernando, “Figure out where Slater is right now.
”
Taking the cue, Fernando quickly tracked down Slater’s current hangout and relayed the info to Matthew.
Matthew located Slater in a dimly lit room, nursing a drink.
When he heard the door creak open, Slater glanced up lazily, spotting Matthew’s entrance.
Surprise flickered in his eyes briefly before he composed himself.
“What an unexpected visit.
What brings you here, Mr.
Clark?” Slater greeted with a smirk.
Matthew cut straight to the chase.
There was no time for niceties.
“Has Devyn been reaching out to you lately? And did you know that she plagiarized Stella’s work?”
Slater halted mid-pour, meeting Matthew’s gaze with a tense air.
Finally, Slater averted his eyes, setting the glass down with a crisp clink against the table.
“I’m not with Prosperity Group anymore.
No obligation to spill the beans.
Please, leave, Mr.
Clark.
I’ve got nothing to say,” Slater responded coolly.
Matthew’s eyes narrowed.
Slater was arrogant and never bothered lying.
His evasive attitude meant he was hiding something.
Before he could press further, Slater’s phone buzzed.
Slater declined the call multiple times but Devyn persisted.
His expression shifted.
Walking to a corner and answering reluctantly, he listened as Devyn’s panicked voice reached him.
###chapter1634
“Slater, there’s a fire in the studio.
Can you come right away?”
When Matthew and Slater arrived, Devyn’s studio was filled with thick smoke, and a big fire was burning.
The firefighters were working hard to put out the flames.
Looking around, Slater couldn’t see Devyn anywhere.
He nervously grabbed one of the studio employees and asked, “Where’s Devyn?”
The employee, still shaken from escaping the fire, was startled by Slater’s question, taking a few seconds to respond.
Raising his voice, Slater repeated, “Where’s Devyn?”
“She’s inside,” the employee said, pointing toward the studio with a shaky hand.
“She’s trying to save her design sketches.
She hasn’t come out yet.
”
Slater let go of the employee and stared at the fire, feeling his heart race.
Without hesitation, he tried to go into the studio, but a firefighter stopped him, saying, “Sir, it’s dangerous.
Please step back.
”
“Move! Someone’s inside!” Slater pushed past the firefighter and yelled, “Devyn!”
But there was no answer.
Feeling anxious, Slater broke free from the firefighter and went inside.
Right after, two rescuers hurried in after him.
Covering his nose, Slater called out for Devyn, but stopped after one shout.
Devyn was desperately searching for her design sketches in the flames, seemingly oblivious to the danger of the fire as she protected each sketch.
Seeing this, Slater grabbed Devyn and pulled her toward the exit.
She struggled, but Slater’s strength overpowered her.
Dragging her away from the fire, Slater scolded with frustration.
“Forget those papers! Your life’s more important! Don’t you get it?”
But Devyn wouldn’t give up.
She struggled, begging, “They’re not just papers! Please, I need to go back.
My designs, my computer, and my USB are in there! I have to save them!”
Struggling to break loose from Slater’s hold, she pushed and pulled, but he held on tighter, determined not to let go.
Slater pushed down on her shoulders and said firmly, “That’s enough! The flames raged so wild, that nothing could be saved.
Everything meant to be gone was already ash!”
“No, it can’t be!” Devyn denied, vigorously shaking her head, unwilling to believe it.
“You’ll only get hurt if you go back! What if something happens to you? What’s your mother going to do then?”
After hearing this, Devyn looked like all her energy had been drained, and she stopped struggling altogether.
She sobbed uncontrollably, her words catching in her throat, “My sketches…”
###chapter1635
Slater hugged her gently, his brow furrowing.
Meanwhile, Matthew stood nearby, deep in thought.
An hour later, the fire was out, but the studio was in ruins.
Devyn glanced around in panic at the mess before her, her voice shaking.
“What now? It’s all gone.
”
Slater tried to comfort her, saying, “The main thing is that everyone’s okay.
We can always redo those design sketches.
”
Devyn shook her head, her voice rough.
“All the sketches for the new series, except the orders, got wiped out completely.
”
Slater frowned and asked her, “What happened? Why did the studio catch fire out of the blue?”
Devyn looked troubled, feeling bewildered.
“I’m clueless too.
When we got back from lunch, it was already like this.
Our studio is usually super cautious about fire safety, so this shouldn’t have happened.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
She stopped, gripping Slater’s hand.
“I think this fire wasn’t just some accident!”
Devyn’s assistant, Lara Brown, stood beside her, defending her, “It’s gotta be Stella! She’s behind this!”
When Lara spoke, all eyes turned toward her.
Lara went on, her voice full of outrage, “Stella practically declared war on us in front of everyone.
Devyn’s ideas kind of matched hers, and Bella picked Devyn’s work.
Stella’s probably jealous and scared of losing to us, so she pulled off this nasty move!”
“Are you certain?” Matthew, silent until then, turned his gaze toward her.
Lara felt a chill as she met his cold stare, involuntarily shrinking back.
Matthew cautioned her, “You should know that saying something Like that could get you in legal trouble.
”
Lara’s heart raced, and she parted her lips but chose to stay silent.
Matthew glanced away, and then turned to Devyn before leaving.
“I’ll dig deep into what caused this fire.
But if I find out you’re wrongly accusing Stella, things won’t be so friendly between us anymore.
”
Devyn remained silent, lips pressed together tightly.
Matthew gave Slater a meaningful look, said nothing more, and walked away.
As Matthew returned home, Stella came up to him.
“Devyn’s studio caught fire.
” Matthew held Stella tightly as they entered, his voice chillingly cold.
“I already knew.
” Stella passed her phone to Matthew, saying, “Someone’s already shared this online.
”
Matthew took a quick look, and his expression immediately turned grim.
The fire hit the headlines, sparking various speculations online, all fingers pointing straight at Stella.
###chapter1636
Someone commented sharply, “During Stella and Devyn’s interview, they seemed to be in disagreement.
It’s difficult not to link this incident to Stella.
”
Another person echoed the comment.
“Stella, the wife of the CEO of Prosperity Group, holds significant wealth and influence.
Just a flick of her wrist, and she could shatter the career of any emerging designer.
”
Many netizens outright criticized Stella.
“Stella’s just jealous.
She can’t handle someone outshining her, so she stoops to such despicable methods.
”
“Devyn always kept a low profile.
Besides Stella, she hasn’t clashed with anyone else, has she?”
“Arson is a serious crime.
I urge the police to thoroughly investigate!”
“Should someone like Stella even be a designer? Stella ought to step away from the industry!”
In no time, the comments under this news piece surpassed tens of thousands, but there were also many defending Stella.
“Before making accusations, you should provide evidence.
The situation isn’t clear yet, so why jump to blame Stella for starting the fire?”
“Stella is already a top-tier designer.
Would she really stoop to sabotaging an emerging designer? It’s clear that Devyn poses no threat to her.
”
“To those making unfounded accusations, beware of legal repercussions.
Prosperity Group’s legal team doesn’t take such matters Lightly!”
The online debate heated up, with defenders of Stella quickly challenged.
“Are you so blindly loyal to the rich that you can’t think for yourself? You’re sympathizing with those in power who could easily erase your hard work.
Instead of standing up for yourself, you’re serving them like a servant.
”
“Absolutely! Even if Stella’s a famous designer, she might have already lost her creative spark and is now scrambling to find a replacement for herself.
”
Netizens exchanged increasingly vicious insults, eventually even targeting Stella’s family members.
Stella’s face soured as she read the online comments.
Matthew intervened, taking the phone.
“Ignore these comments.
They’re just gossip.
Don’t let them get to you.
”
Stella grinned faintly and remarked, “I’m tougher than I look.
But it stings to see them dragging you into this because of me…”
Taking a brief pause, she added, “Their words won’t affect me.
Besides, I have a way to prove my innocence.
”
Matthew arched an eyebrow.
“What’s the plan then?”
Stella gestured for Matthew to draw nearer, and he leaned in attentively.
In a hushed tone, she shared her plan with Matthew, and then met his gaze.
“I still need your assistance for this.
”
The following day, Prosperity Group’s official video channel went live, announcing the imminent debut of a fresh collection of clothing in partnership with Stella as the designer.
Stella took inspiration from the exam theme Bella provided and transformed the design work into finished garments.
She also presented her original Iris series, demonstrating the entire process from design and cutting to creating sample garments, all Live-streamed for the audience to see.
###chapter1637
As soon as the news spread, the number of viewers watching the live stream surged.
Because of the buzz surrounding Devyn’s recent incident, the comments in the live chat initially overflowed with discordant remarks, with some users joining solely to hurl insults.
As the live stream unfolded, viewers got a glimpse into the designer’s creative journey for the first time.
Stella remained focused and professional, carefully attending to every detail.
Gradually, the positive feedback in the live chat drowned out the earlier negativity.
Elizabeth clenched her teeth, her frustration mounting as she observed the growing viewership and positive chatter in the live chat.
Without hesitation, she dialed Devyn’s number.
Before Devyn could utter a word, she angrily exclaimed, “Do something right now, or you’ll regret it!”
However, Stella’s live stream received another huge influx of viewers before Devyn could do anything.
In fact, so much was the traffic to her live stream that her name appeared at the top of the trending page.
Bella, who was in her office, also saw the live broadcast and felt quite impressed.
She was surprised by Stella’s performance at first, and then she couldn’t help but appreciate it.
When the previous selection was being carried out, Bella’s view of Stella had been nothing short of negative.
Sure, it was unimaginable that Stella would steal from Devyn, a designer who was less well-known than her.
But then, since Devyn had been the first individual to submit her design, Bella wasn’t convinced that Stella’s work wasn’t a plagiarized copy of Devyn’s.
And opportunistic thieving designers were the kind of people that Bella didn’t tolerate.
Plagiarism of any form was a very terrible offense in her books and she wanted nothing to do with people caught or even accused of doing it.
Therefore, the possibility that Stella had stolen Devyn’s design was something that caused Bella’s view of Stella to deteriorate.
Believing that there was no way for Stella to prove herself innocent, Bella distanced herself from her.
However, as she now watched Stella on the screen defending herself in such an elegant fashion, Bella felt that she might have misjudged her.
Thinking of all of this, Bella pursed her lips and continued to watch the live stream attentively.
As she observed Stella’s calm and unique presentation of the design, Bella smiled softly and nodded satisfactorily.
ALL in all, it took Stella a few days to be done with her irises series.
Though her style had some level of familiarity with Devyn’s, it was pretty clear to everyone that the details of Stella’s design were far more impressive and immersive.
To ensure that the visually stunning details of the clothes were preserved down to the tiniest details, Prosperity Group called upon the best photographers they could get to take photos of them.
ALL the rumors about Stella running out of ideas and resorting to being jealous of Devyn’s talent were squashed by the same public that had promoted them.
Everyone, including those who didn’t know much about design, could see that Stella’s design was superior to Devyn’s.
As Stella was receiving a lot of praise from the public, Prosperity Group and Stella’s studio were bombarded with dozens of business calls from people and institutions who wanted to work with Stella on a project.
Numerous individuals who had badmouthed Stella online came out to apologize to her in droves in the comment section of her live stream.
###chapter1638
Just as the live stream was about to end, Stella and Matthew appeared together in front of the camera.
Stella was the first to speak, calmly explaining herself, “I would like to apologize for the recent events which have been quite controversial online.
I believe that the details that I’ve put into the irises series are proof that I’ve been working on it for quite a while now.
My original intention had been to debut them at my wedding, but so as to clear my name, I had no option but to release them now.
”
Stella paused for a moment to clear her throat before continuing in a more serious voice, “For those still in doubt about the originality of my works despite clear proofs that I didn’t plagiarize anyone and that my works are one hundred percent mine, I will urge you to be careful with the way you express yourself.
If anyone should insult me, my relatives, and friends again, we will stop at nothing to ensure that the offending individual faces the full wrath of the law.
”
As she spoke, the viewers flooded the comment section with supportive messages and emojis.
When she was done speaking, Matthew smiled softly and said, “Prosperity Group would like everyone to know that we are fully supportive of Stella and all her decisions.
”
With that, the live stream ended and Stella, seeing the supportive comments, let out a sigh of relief.
Matthew hugged her and whispered, “Thanks for all the hard work and dedication that you’ve put in these past few days.
”
When he released her, Stella stood on tiptoe, ki*sed him on the cheek, and said, “I should be the one thanking you for standing by me this time.
I believe we’ve solved this trouble fully, right?”
Matthew nodded as he narrowed his eyes and asked, “Well then, what’s your plan regarding Devyn now that everything’s settled?”
Hearing Devyn’s name, Stella sighed softly and lowered her head.
After a few seconds of silence, she looked back up and said, “Let’s be patient for some time, okay? Once Bella displays the work of the winner, everyone will be aware of the truth and we’ll then decide what our next move should be.
”
Matthew nodded in agreement and said, “Alright then, we’ll wait for the work to be re
leased and for your innocence to become clear to anyone still in doubt about you.
”
At that moment, a call came in on Stella’s phone.
She frowned at Matthew suspiciously and then took out her phone from her pocket.
Seeing that her caller was none other than Bella, Stella widened her eyes in surprise as she quickly answered the call and called out, “Bella!”
Stella, all friendly-like, greeted Bella but felt jittery right after.
“Is there anything I can help you with?”
Bella, being straight up, confessed, “I caught your live show.
Your new series is pretty darn good.
I changed my mind on that design you submitted.
”
Stella’s heart did a happy dance hearing that.
Worried she might be getting the wrong vibe, Stella cautiously prodded, “So, uh, you mean?”
Bella cut to the chase.
“I want to Zoom with you and Devyn.
I want to hear your thoughts straight from the horse’s mouth.
”
Stella agreed, “Sure thing! Thanks for giving me another shot.
”
Bella didn’t say more.
She hung up and rang Devyn, filling her in on the plan.
But after the call, Devyn freaked out big time.
She paced at home, clueless about Bella’s sudden move.
###chapter1639
Left with no choice, she called Elizabeth for backup.
Instead of offering help, Elizabeth scolded, “You loser! You can’t even handle this? After all the money I’ve given you!”
She was so fed up.
“Sort it yourself or face the music!”
With the dial tone mocking her, Devyn felt hopeless.
In a frenzy, she rang up Slater, who was in the loop.
She told him about Bella’s plan and begged, “Can you help me again? I’m out of options.
”
“Cut it out,” Slater urged.
“Come clean to Bella now while you still can.
If you keep this up, Stella and Matthew won’t let it slide.
Your reputation in Seamarsh is toast.
”
Devyn didn’t see that coming.
It hurt Like hell.
Come clean now?
That seemed impossible.
Perched on her chair like a statue, Devyn braced herself for the nighttime video call.
Come evening, Devyn’s phone alarm buzzed.
It was time for Bella’s chat.
Devyn jumped.
She silenced her phone and robotically fired up her computer.
She clicked yes to Bella’s video invite.
Under Bella’s piercing gaze, guilt washed over her.
She glanced down, trying to dodge Bella’s stare.
No dice.
Bella went straight for it.
“The centerpiece of your design is the waist area, right? It’s pretty crucial.
Can you break down your thinking?”
Devyn’s fists clenched.
Nerves made her break a sweat.
“I…” She stumbled, struggling to find words.
Eventually, she managed a shaky response.
Bella’s brow furrowed, but she kept quiet, turning to Stella with the same question.
Stella didn’t miss a beat, laying out her ideas in a flash.
Bella nodded along, impressed.
###chapter1640
Devyn was drenched in cold sweat.
She wanted to bail but she was stuck.
Once Stella finished, Bella had her say.
She calmly dropped a bombshell.
“I think I’ve got it.
I’m changing the competition winner.
”
Devyn trembled.
If Bella went through with it, all her hard work would be for nothing.
She couldn’t let that happen!
“Why?” Devyn shot back with no hesitation.
“The decision’s done.
How can you flip-flop? I was the first to submit the work.
You can’t just switch because Stella chirped a bit.
I won’t buy it unless you spill what’s wrong with my design.
”
“I’m hoping for a better attitude from you,” Bella said, serious as ever.
“Your and Stella’s designs are real close.
I can’t prove you copied but I’m trusting my gut here.
Sorry, Miss Padilla.
You lost, and have to face the music.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Devyn seethed.
“That’s not fair!”
Bella’s face turned stormy.
“Miss Padilla, if you doubt, we can bring in pros to check your design.
”
A flicker of panic crossed Devyn’s face, but she stood her ground.
“Not buying it!”
And with that, she hung up.
Bella saw Devyn’s true colors in that attitude.
With a sigh, Bella apologized to Stella, “I let my bias get the best of me earlier.
I should’ve given you a chance to explain.
”
Stella rushed to reassure her, “No sweat.
Not on you.
I get it.
”
Bella asked quietly, “Do you still want me at your wedding?”
“Absolutely!” Stella affirmed.
“Your presence would mean the world.
I want you there…”
Stella locked eyes with Bella.
“And I’ve got something big to share then.
”
Bella nodded, a smile playing on her lips.
“Count me in.
”
Then the call ended.
Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
Finally, this mess was sorted, and things were back on track.
###chapter1641
As soon as Bella ended the call, she turned to see Elizabeth standing at the doorway.
With medicine and water, Elizabeth walked in and said, “It’s time for your medicine.
”
Bella responded nonchalantly and looked down, completely oblivious to the malicious glare in Elizabeth’s eyes.
Elizabeth had overheard almost the entire video chat.
As Elizabeth anticipated, Devyn proved to be utterly worthless.
Just a few words from Stella were all it took to shut her down completely.
Devyn was indeed a drain on her resources and time!
Moreover, Bella even planned to attend Stella’s wedding!
Elizabeth struggled to contain her anger.
She placed the medicine and water on the table and asked softly, “Is everything resolved with Stella?”
Bella smiled and replied, “Yes, it’s all sorted out.
I was wrong about Stella earlier.
The true plagiarist is Devyn.
”
Bella’s face hardened and her voice deepened.
“As a designer, Devyn is clueless about her work.
It’s obvious to me that she’s a plagiarist.
”
Elizabeth silently cursed Devyn, and then asked, “What will you do now?”
Bella declared, “Now that I know the truth, it’s only right to announce the real winner and treat Stella fairly.
”
“That’s right.
” Elizabeth nodded, feeling the sharp pain of her nails digging into her palm.
She was powerless to influence Bella.
It seemed she needed to find another approach.
After the video chat, Devyn collapsed on the couch, drained.
It was all over… She stood no chance.
At that moment, her phone rang.
When she saw Nikolai’s name, hope flickered within her.
There was still a possibility.
If she could work with Nikolai and if Christie appreciated the wedding dress she designed, she might save her reputation!
Devyn picked up the phone instantly and asked eagerly, “Mr.
Todd, has Christie agreed to sign the contract with me?”
On the other end, Nikolai’s voice was cool and detached.
“Miss Padilla, I’m calling to tell you that Christie has decided to end the collaboration with you.
”
“What?” Devyn was stunned, struggling to catch her breath.
Incredulously, she responded, “But she liked the second draft I sent, didn’t she? Why has she decided against working with me so suddenly?”
###chapter1642
Nikolai responded calmly, “We found out that the design draft you sent was actually a copy of Stella’s work.
Christie can’t wear a wedding dress like that to promote her new play.
”
“No, no, that’s not true!” Devyn felt a chill.
She tried to refute, “I created that design myself!”
Before she could argue, Nikolai said plainly, “I’m sorry.
Stella sent me a detailed audio recording, proving her work’s originality.
Even if you deny it, the truth’s out.
”
Devyn felt utterly hopeless.
She realized there was no turning the situation around.
Recently, she had been receiving a lot of compliments and had almost forgotten that those praises weren’t rightfully hers.
“I understand.
” Devyn stopped lying to herself.
She chuckled ruefully and admitted, “You’re right.
I’m not as talented as Stella.
”
She covered her eyes, tears streaming down her cheeks.
She admitted defeat.
She confessed Slater was correct.
She got the design drafts from Stella, who trusted her.
When Stella turned against her, she had no way to fight back.
After ending the call, Devyn clung to one last hope.
She wanted to talk to Elizabeth about her mother and two brothers.
She wiped her tears and attempted to reach Elizabeth, but she couldn’t get through.
All at once, Devyn realized she was worthless to Elizabeth now and was abandoned.
Elizabeth was so self-centered! She would exploit Devyn when she needed her, but as soon as trouble arose, she would discard Devyn like a used tool.
Devyn got so mad that she smashed the glass on the table and then the vase
.
“Bitch! Bitch!” she yelled uncontrollably, yet even this intense outburst did little to soothe her turmoil.
Devyn felt really remorseful.
Everything she did was just wrong.
Just then, a forceful knock sounded at the door.
Devyn walked over to open it.
It was her brother, Karson.
She didn’t even bother to ask him why he was there.
She just opened the door and walked away.
Karson trailed behind her, his expression grave, and demanded, “What are you doing here? Why haven’t you been answering your phone? Mom’s dying!”
“What are you talking about?” Devyn spun around and confronted Karson with anger.
“The doctor just prescribed some expensive medication for her, and her condition was under control! Did you upset her somehow?”
Devyn suspected that Karson had done something to distress Maureen, so she was infuriated.
“Mom has been ill for so long.
What have you been doing? I’m trying to cover her medical expenses and look after her.
It’s fine if you can’t help, but why do you have to cause problems?” she yelled.
“How dare you accuse me!” Karson’s tone was harsh.
“If it weren’t for you, she wouldn’t be in this condition.
”
###chapter1643
Devyn clenched her teeth and retorted, “How dare you blame me? This has nothing to do with me!”
Karson glared at her.
“Everyone online knows what you did.
You ruined your reputation and copied Stella’s work.
It’s disgraceful.
Mom was so upset that she passed out!”
Devyn was shocked.
She asked in disbelief, “Did she know about it?”
Devyn had hoped her mother wouldn’t find out.
Maureen had always wanted Devyn to be honest.
How heartbroken would she be to learn of this?
Karson nodded and responded, “What else did you expect?”
Devyn was enraged.
After a moment, she calmed down and said, “You know she’s not well; why did you let her see the news?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Karson’s expression shifted slightly.
“How was I to know you would do something like that? Someone called to say you had won a prize.
I thought sharing good news would be beneficial for Mom.
How could I anticipate this?”
Devyn no longer wanted to argue.
She pushed past him and hurried to the hospital.
As she got to the hospital, Maureen was taken to the operating room.
Devyn stopped a doctor who was about to enter the room and asked urgently, “Doctor, how is my mother?”
The doctor looked at her and said frankly, “Her condition is serious this time.
You should prepare yourself.
”
Devyn couldn’t come to terms with this.
She muttered numbly, “Prepare for what? Doctor, you must be joking.
My mother will get better.
”
The doctor expressed sympathy but said nothing more and entered the operating room.
The operating light turned on.
As the door closed, Devyn stood frozen.
Tears began to stream down her face, and she slowly slid down against the wall, collapsing to the floor.
Devyn tried to reassure herself that Maureen would be okay.
She was determined to do whatever it took to save her mother.
She had never let herself down before, and she wouldn’t start now!
Realizing that her actions might have worsened Maureen’s condition, she felt overwhelmed with guilt.
Maureen had taught her well.
She always reminded Devyn to be honest and kind and not to hurt others.
Devyn had always followed her advice, but this time she had made a terrible mistake.
Devyn hoped for a second chance.
She couldn’t bear the thought of losing her mother now.
###chapter1644
She knew she needed to apologize to her.
Curled up, she wept intensely.
Through her tear-filled eyes, Devyn noticed a slender hand offering her a tissue.
She looked up and saw Slater standing there.
Slater gazed down at her, extending a gentle hand to lift her up and wipe away her tears.
“It’s alright.
Your mother will be safe and sound.
”
Devyn gradually calmed down, though her eyes remained a Little red.
She bowed her head before Slater.
“I know I was truly in the wrong this time.
I shouldn’t have strayed because of the pressure from my family.
”
Devyn’s silent weeping made Slater’s heart ache.
He spoke softly.
“While you’ve made mistakes, the person you owe an apology to isn’t me.
It’s Stella.
”
Surprised, Devyn raised her head to meet his earnest gaze.
Nodding, she admitted, “You’re right.
I owe Stella the biggest apology.
But I doubt she’ll forgive me.
”
Slater remained silent for a moment, and then redirected his gaze toward the closed doors of the operating room.
“I know your mother is waiting for a new kidney.
I have resources to help you find one, so don’t worry.
”
Devyn choked back sobs, tears streaming down her face.
“Why are you willing to help me like this? We have nothing to do with each other, and I’ve done so many bad things.
I don’t deserve your kindness.
”
Slater gently wiped away her tears, speaking frankly.
“I’ve always admired the person you used to be.
Sunny and cheerful.
Seeing you in pain now hurts me too.
I hope you can return to being that person.
”
Devyn felt a pang of remorse at his words.
If only she had realized her mistakes earlier, she might not have caused so much harm.
Softly comforting her, Slater continued, “I understand you were pressured into your actions, but you don’t have to bear it alone.
I’m here for you.
I’ll support you.
”
Devyn’s inner defenses crumbled.
With someone to lean on, all her pent-up emotions poured out.
She threw herself into Slater’s arms, crying bitterly.
“Thank you.
Despite seeing the worst in me, you haven’t turned away.
Even in my darkest moments, you’re here for me.
”
Devyn couldn’t stand the person she had become.
Whenever she looked in the mirror, she saw a face twisted with ugliness and regret.
Due to her selfish motives, she had morphed into the very type of person she had once despised.
Constantly seeking justification for hurting those closest to her, she had nearly forgotten her former self.
###chapter1645
Yet, Slater remained ever patient and willing to undertake tasks he had previously scorned.
There likely wasn’t a better person in the world than him.
Witnessing her slender frame tremble, her words of regret and anguish barely coherent, Slater felt a pang in his heart.
Gently stroking her back, he tried to ease her despair.
Devyn absorbed Slater’s warmth greedily, allowing her tears to flow freely.
Later that night, Stella received a call from Slater.
Though somewhat surprised, she quickly deduced the reason for his call.
Slater’s voice wavered slightly on the other end of the line.
After a moment’s hesitation, he spoke.
“I know I’m not in a position to ask this, but I feel compelled to.
Are you willing to give Devyn a chance to apologize?”
Stella remained silent, her emotions swirling inside her.
“She acknowledges her wrongdoing and is genuinely remorseful.
She’s been tormented by guilt during this time, and it hasn’t been easy for her,” Slater added.
Still, Stella offered no response, refraining even from expressing her anger.
Slater waited patiently for her reply, understanding the turmoil she must be experiencing.
Finally, he sighed softly.
“If you’re open to giving her another chance, please come to my club.
We’ll be waiting for you.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
An hour later, Stella arrived at Slater’s club for their meeting.
Upon spotting her, Devyn jumped to her feet, visibly shaken.
She seemed like she wanted to speak to Stella, yet fear held her back.
Stella, noticing Devyn’s discomfort, took the initiative and asked, “How’s your mother?”
Devyn gave a slow nod, her voice low.
“She’s better now.
We’re just waiting for a suitable kidney donor.
”
Slater watched the interaction quietly.
Devyn stood rigid, while Stella maintained a solemn expression.
He suggested, “Why don’t you both sit down?”
Stella took a seat on the sofa across from Devyn as Slater served her a drink.
With a grave look, Devyn began, “I’m really sorry.
I’ve done a lot lately that’s hurt you and caused you trouble.
”
Tears welled up in her eyes, her voice breaking as she continued earnestly, “I had no other option.
My mother was critically ill, and I needed a lot of money.
My brother, lost to gambling, was no help, and I had already spent all my savings.
That’s why I did what I did.
”
Yet Stella remained silent throughout.
If Devyn had changed her ways sooner, Stella might not have been so unforgiving.
But she was aware that Devyn’s apology came only when she had no other options left.
###chapter1646
Devyn was seething as she thought about the person causing her so much distress.
“Back then, I was being threatened by someone.
She seemed to know everything about me.
First, she targeted my brothers, and then my mother ended up in the emergency room because of her actions.
She was too powerful for me to confront.
So, I did what she told me to…”
Devyn bowed her head, tears rolling down her cheeks, her voice laden with remorse.
“I hope you can forgive me.
Please, give me another chance.
I swear I won’t do it again.
”
Stella realized someone had been directing Devyn’s actions.
She narrowed her eyes and asked, “Who threatened you?”
Caught off guard by Stella’s question, Devyn was initially stunned, and then she shook her head.
“I don’t know.
She was always careful.
She called me from a different number each time and used a voice changer.
I think she might be a woman.
”
A woman?
Stella pondered deeply.
Who would go to such lengths to manipulate Devyn into conspiring against her?
After a long moment of thought and coming up with nothing, Stella finally said, “I’m aware that your mother needs a kidney transplant.
Don’t worry too much.
I’ll find a way to help.
”
Devyn quickly waved her hand and said, “No, I don’t deserve your help.
I’m not worthy.
”
“You don’t need to refuse my help.
” Staring at her worn-out face, Stella said without emotion, “This is the last time I’m helping you as a friend.
Think of it as a thank-you for the times you supported me back at the company.
But after this, we’re no longer friends.
You betrayed me.
You didn’t have to do that, regardless of the reason.
”
Devyn’s heart sank upon hearing this.
She struggled for words before finally calling out, “Stella, I’m sorry, I really am.
”
Stella gave a bitter smile and replied, “I’ve given you several chances, and you ignored all of them.
If you had another option, you wouldn’t be here apologizing to me.
”
Devyn sat still, saying nothing.
Stella grabbed her bag and headed toward the door.
As she reached it, she paused and turned back to Devyn.
“Take care of yourself.
From now on, you’re just a stranger to me.
”
Stella left without a backward glance.
As she stepped out of the club, a lump formed in her throat.
She took a deep breath and climbed into the car where Matthew was waiting.
He noticed her reddened eyes and gently dabbed away her tears.
Leaning on Matthew’s shoulder, Stella said, her voice filled with distress, “I never imagined I’d cut ties with Devyn.
I don’t really have many friends in Seamarsh, and she was one of the few.
I was so glad when she reconnected with me, but now, it’s like we’re strangers.
”
Matthew soothed her by stroking her hair.
“I’ve reached out to some doctors.
They’ll let Devyn know if they find a kidney donor.
”
“Thanks for being so understanding,” Stella murmured, her mood somber.
She averted her gaze, her voice tinged with disappointment.
“I get that she had her reasons, but I still can’t forgive her for betraying me.
Does that make me a bad person?”
Matthew ki*sed her forehead, offering reassurance.
“Don’t worry too much.
You’ve handled things well.
Everything will turn out okay.
”
###chapter1647
Miley had just wrapped up a huge gig.
She had a lot of skills and always put in the work.
Her talent had opened doors.
Now, big-name models wanted to work with her, so she was swamped.
By the time she returned home these days, it was usually already midnight.
She cruised into the Deep Water Villa District.
A quick clock check confirmed it was early still.
So, she buzzed Stella and the call connected in a flash.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Stella, what’s the scoop? I heard Bella’s changing the winner.
Has it all been smooth sailing?” Miley asked briskly.
Stella responded, “Yep, all’s good.
”
But Miley’s radar pinged that something was off with Stella.
Her tone was heavy like she’d been shedding tears.
Miley’s expression shifted and she urgently asked, “Have you been crying? What’s up? Everything has been going fine, hasn’t it?”
Stella’s response was bitter.
“I lost another friend of mine.
”
Hearing this, Miley guessed what had happened.
She pulled over and her tone became more comforting.
“I get it, tha
t’s rough.
But hey, she isn’t worth your time.
Don’t sweat it.
No matter what, I have got your back.
I’ll be your friend forever.
”
Mid-chat, Miley spotted someone by the door.
The streetlight revealed his face.
It was Neville.
Catching Stella’s faint voice, Miley rushed to say, “Sorry, Stella.
I have stuff to handle.
It’s getting late now.
Maybe I’ll hit you up tomorrow.
”
Quickly, she ended the call.
Neville spotted Miley too.
Rushing over, he grabbed her hand, beaming.
“You’re back!”
A whiff of booze hit Miley.
She wrinkled her nose, pulling him close.
“Have you been drinking straight after just getting better? That’s not on.
”
“Not much, I promise.
Wyatt’s locked up today.
I wanted to celebrate a bit,” Neville explained.
“I shall hear no excuses! Health comes first!” Miley scolded gently, noting he seemed sober enough.
Neville held her tightly.
“I’ve had three days without you.
Don’t stay mad at me.
I have missed you loads.
Don’t you miss me?”
His tone was pleading as he tugged at her.
Helpless, Miley sighed.
“I’ve been crazy busy lately.
.
”
Mid-sentence, she opened the door but then it slammed shut.
Neville pinned her against it.
###chapter1648
In the dark, they clung to each other, their other senses heightened.
Miley felt his boozy breath close and her heart started racing.
Neville breathed in her scent which was captivating.
Desire surged within him.
She attempted to push him away but his ki*s stole her breath.
His embrace was intense and, possessive.
Miley couldn’t help but let out a moan.
Struggling, she yielded slowly.
Then, Neville held her up.
Suddenly lifted, she gasped.
Her cheeks flushed as she warned, “You’re drunk.
Take it easy.
”
A smirk played on Neville’s lips.
Holding her close, he vowed, “Got it.
Don’t worry.
After all, we will be together for a long time.
”
Neville carried Miley into the master bedroom and laid her on the bed.
When she showed no signs of resistance, he bent down and began to unbutton her coat with care.
As he did, their bodies grew closer.
Miley, feeling a tentative urge, responded to him.
Neville, more forceful now, initiated further contact.
Miley felt like she was on fire and couldn’t catch her breath in the next moment.
Neville, with a strong grip, clasped the back of her head and drew her into a fervent ki*s.
His movements were chaotic as he invaded her mouth with his tongue, sweeping through fiercely.
With her vision blurred, Miley looked up at him, nearly overwhelmed by the intensity of the ki*s, her mind blank, her senses filled with his presence.
Throughout, it was Neville leading, and she clung to his arms, reciprocating his wild ki*ses.
Their ki*ses deepened, full of passion.
Feeling an intense warmth throughout his body, Neville’s desires flared again.
Despite the discomfort, he pressed his dick against her, unable to suppress a deep groan.
With a determination, he tightened his grip on her, pulling her even closer.
He enveloped her in his arms, his ki*ses migrating from her cheek to her lips, and then he playfully bit her ear.
With patience, he positioned himself and gently began to move.
Water echoed around the room, creating a backdrop of sound.
The intense sensation of being enveloped tightly was overwhelming.
He straightened up and thrust deeply into her.
Feeling the embrace tighten around him, Neville lifted his head and sighed deeply.
###chapter1649
“Ah!” Miley felt a deep impact.
Sweat beaded on her forehead and her eyebrows furrowed.
The sensation of being completely filled was almost too much, discomfort mixing with intense feelings.
Neville noticed her tense up and took her hand, his touch gentle on her back, soothing her.
As she relaxed, Neville moved without restraint, reaching deep with each movement.
Miley couldn’t help but moan.
Her soft moans filled Neville’s ears with a rush of desire.
He paused, looking down at her flushed face, and leaned in with a smile to ki*s her lips.
His eyes sparkled playfully as he pressed closer.
“Honey, let me hear that moan again.
”
“Be… Be gentle… Her voice was soft, a gentle plea that tugged at his heart.
”
He lowered his head and ki*sed her quickly, his breath racing.
Miley whimpered as the intense ki*s met her lips.
Her thoughts vanished and she tensed up.
Neville nearly lost control due to her sudden movement.
He gently patted her on the back and murmured, “Relax, honey.
”
The next moment, he thrust deeply, sending waves of numb pleasure throughout her body, like a rising tide.
Miley twisted and let out a soft cry.
“You’re too deep…”
“Just hang in there, honey.
” Neville leaned in to ki*s her again, drawing in her breath.
The sound of their mingling breaths filled the room.
Overwhelmed, Miley whimpered and grew weak.
She seemed lost, clutching Neville’s hand without thinking.
Seeing Miley overwhelmed by desire, Neville reached his peak.
He embraced her closely, his face against her neck, as his breath warmed her skin.
After they were done, Miley was still shy about it.
She struggled and tried to pull away from his bare chest.
Neville reached out and gently pressed her head, whispering, “Don’t move.
”
Miley tensed up, her heart pounding wildly.
Moments later, she felt Neville ki*s her hair.
“You’ll get used to it,” he murmured.
The room was so silent they could hear each other’s heartbeats.
Miley blushed, at a loss for words.
Neville looked down at her with a mischievous gaze, causing her to pull back slightly.
After a moment, he asked with a playful smile, “Did you enjoy my performance today?”
His directness caught Miley off guard.
###chapter1650
Her cheeks turned a deep red, the redness spreading from her ears to her neck.
To avoid his intense stare, she quickly dove under the quilt, murmuring, “Yes, very much.
”
Neville Laughed and gently pulled her back out.
He said earnestly, “My grandmother is coming home from the hospital in a few days.
Let’s welcome her back together.
”
Miley nodded slowly.
A few days later, as Bertha was getting ready to bounce from the hospital, Neville swung by to pick her up along with Miley.
Bertha wrapped up the last check-up and the paperwork with Neville tagging along, while Miley hung back in the ward, helping to organize her stuff.
Suddenly, a snarky voice piped up at the entrance of the ward.
“What’s with all the fuss here? You really consider yourself part of the family, huh?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Miley glanced up.
It was Amya talking and her face was all twisted up in disdain.
She gave Miley the once-over, like she smelled something funny.
Miley played it cool and greeted her.
But Amya wasn’t having it.
She had no time for this girl trying to marry into the Pierce family.
She didn’t mince her words as she said, “Don’t think Bertha’s backing means it will be smooth sailing.
If you want to marry into the Pierce family, you will have to play by the rules.
Ditch that Little model company immediately.
Don’t embarrass yourself out there.
”
Miley’s face froze for a second but she kept her cool.
“Sorry.
The model company is my bread and butter.
I am not about to ditch it and I am not at all ashamed of making my own money.
”
She kept it humble by not being too pushy but to Amya, it sounded like defiance.
The Pierces were big shots, and she was used to everyone ki*sing up to her.
Turning down her offer was downright disrespectful in her books.
And daring to argue back? Oh, the nerve.
Amya made a sour face right away.
Giving Miley the stink eye, she said, “If you’re going to be stubborn, that’s fine by me! But seriously, think it over.
Even if you marry my son someday, I won’t be welcoming you with open arms.
”
Miley wasn’t in the mood for a spat, so she kept quiet and kept packing.
Amya wasn’t satisfied with the silence.
So she pushed, asking, “Why the silent treatment? Is this how you were raised? I’m older so you should show some respect!”
Miley scowled, feeling a tad impatient.
But before she could reply, footsteps sounded from outside.
With Neville’s assistance, Bertha returned, catching wind of everything Amya had said.
“Are you even hearing yourself?” Bertha laid into Amya.
Amya jumped, turning to see Bertha and mumbled, “When did you get back? I was just looking for you.
”
###chapter1651
Bertha waved her off.
“Since when did you get so nasty? You’re older, acting like this toward a young girl?”
“No, you’ve got it wrong…” Amya started but Bertha cut her off.
“You know Miley saved my life, yet you talk down to her.
Are you trying to test me? Or are you hoping I kick the bucket out there?”
Bertha’s tone was sharp and her words were cutting.
Amya’s voice softened.
“You’re mistaken.
I didn’t mean to give her a hard time.
It’s just seeing Miley in the gossip columns… With the Pierce name, it’s not appropriate, you know?”
“Why is that a problem?” Bertha chimed in.
“Miley’s got her own career.
She’s independent.
Where else are we going to find a girl as capable as her?” She wasn’t having any of Amya’s negativity.
Amya was left speechless.
“She’s gorgeous and has a heart of gold.
How could she not be perfect for my grandson?” Bertha kept on praising Miley.
“I reckon you were picking on her on purpose!”
“I…” Amya tried to speak but got shut down by Bertha’s Look.
Miley stayed quiet through it all.
She watched Bertha’s change of heart quietly, holding back a laugh.
Just days ago, Bertha had not been singing her praises like this.
Who’d have thought the older lady would stick up for her so strongly now? Miley chuckled to herself, feeling a mix of emotions.
Amya felt embarrassed in front of everyone but she didn’t dare to cross Bertha.
Fuming, she stormed out of the ward to let off steam.
Bertha acted like she hadn’t noticed.
She went over to Miley, taking her hand, and said, “Forget about her.
It’s lunchtime.
Let’s head home together.
”
Miley felt the warmth of her touch, warming her heart.
She gave a sweet smile.
“Sure thing.
Thanks.
”
Stella was busy in her studio, ensuring everyone worked systematically.
The studio’s orders had spiked due to the recent live stream.
She catered to a niche market but struggled to manage the increasing demand.
Recently, she reviewed several resumes, planning to hire an assistant.
While she worked, a figure caught her eye outside the door.
Looking up, she spotted Slater standing there.
He nodded when he saw her notice him.
Stella quickly masked her surprise and waved.
“What brings you here today? Water or coffee?”
Slater scanned the room.
The staff, though busy, maintained order.
“Coffee, please.
” He let out a sigh.
“You’re managing the studio well.
It seems like it will soon level up.
”
###chapter1652
“Thanks to your good wishes.
” She placed the coffee before him.
“You’re not here just to chat, right? What can I do for you?”
“There is a piece of news, actually.
” He took a sip of his coffee before continuing, “I’m taking Devyn abroad tomorrow.
”
“Abroad?” Stella’s expression turned into a frown.
Slater responded nonchalantly, “Mr.
Clark helped connect with an overseas hospital well-versed in her mother’s illness.
Devyn wants to reset her life in a new place.
Her two brothers will accompany her.
”
“That’s good,” Stella murmured softly.
“She felt too awkward to face you, so she sent me to bid you farewell,” Slater explained.
Then, he added, “She believes she owes you an apology.
”
Stella offered a reassuring smile.
“It’s alright.
She doesn’t owe me anything.
She just made a decision.
”
Slater tightened his lips before presenting a gift box to Stella.
“Devyn sent this for you.
”
The box was rectangular and wrapped beautifully.
Stella paused briefly before accepting it.
“Thank you.
”
She could see the tenderness in Slater’s eyes as he spoke of Devyn, and asked, “Are you two together now?”
Slater showed a flicker of surprise and touched his nose, looking sheepish.
“I’m sorting out my life and work.
When you’re ready to see her again, I can bring her back for a visit Slater’s visit was brief.
After handing over the gift, he departed.
”
Stella opened the gift box after he left.
She lifted the dress, observing how smoothly the fabric flowed from the left shoulder.
The dress was elegantly tailored, with plump shapes and black gauze on one shoulder enhancing its overall quality.
The combination of black and red lent it a rich vibrancy.
The design was impressive.
Stella sighed softly.
If Devyn hadn’t made such a choice, she might still be running her online shop, potentially on the brink of fame.
As she was about to return the dress to the box, she noticed a piece of paper tucked inside.
Opening it, she found a note.
It read, “Stella, this dress was designed for you.
It’s a wedding gift.
”
Devyn had penned the message.
“You are a great teacher and friend.
I made a mistake this time.
I realize I may not deserve your forgiveness, and I won’t ask for it.
My hope is that we might become friends again someday.
”
###chapter1653
Holding the letter, Stella felt a wave of sadness wash over her.
Memories of her simple, joyful times with Devyn at Prosperity Group filled her mind.
If things had been different, she and Devyn might not have ended up here.
“Hello!”
The sound of a clear voice snapped her out of her reverie.
She turned to see a young girl in a purple dress at the door.
The girl appeared slightly embarrassed yet offered a smile as she said, “Hello.
I’m here to interview for the assistant position.
”
She was slender, her eyes bright and welcoming, radiating friendliness and ease.
Stella felt an instant connection with her.
She tucked away the letter and dress, and then invited the girl inside.
“Come on in.
”
The girl entered confidently yet respectfully.
She greeted Stella with a bow.
“Hello, my name is Doreen Cooper.
I’ve just graduated from Seamarsh University with a major in fashion design.
I’m here to interview for the designer assistant position.
Here are some of my design sketches for you to review.
”
She presented her design drawings to Stella with both hands.
Stella examined them, her eyes widening slightly in surprise.
‘s BunnyBookery
The sketches clearly showed the hallmarks of a recent graduate.
Though somewhat simplistic, they effectively incorporated current trends and showcased the designer’s original ideas.
Stella was quite taken with her.
She asked a few routine questions, and Doreen’s responses were satisfactory.
She smiled at Doreen and announced, “Congratulations! You’re hired.
”
“Seriously?”
Doreen’s eyes widened, her hand flying to cover her mouth in disbelief.
She was practically ready to leap out of her chair.
Stella grinned and gave a confirming nod.
Doreen, trying to contain her excitement, shot a shy glance at Stella.
“I never thought I’d make the cut so fast.
I figured I’d be waiting around for news!”
Stella’s smile remained warm.
“Your design skills are top-notch, even fresh out of school.
Plus, with my wedding coming up, the studio’s short-staffed.
So, if you join us, be ready to hit the ground running.
Can you handle that?”
“Absolutely! Bring it on!” Doreen nodded vigorously, stealing glances at Stella with each nod.
Under Doreen’s admiring gaze, Stella felt a tad uneasy.
She absentmindedly touched her face, asking, “What’s with the stare?”
###chapter1654
“I just can’t get over how stunning you are! You are way better in person than in any pics or streams I’ve seen.
I am so excited to work under such a beautiful boss!” Doreen gushed with genuine admiration.
Stella blushed at the compliment.
After a moment, she cleared her throat, shifting the focus.
“Do you have any questions before we get started? We’re diving in today.
”
Doreen shook her head eagerly.
Leading the way to the work area, Stella gave Doreen a quick rundown of the studio’s setup.
Then, she assigned a task.
“We need a few pieces today, detailing patterns, material, and style.
Do you think you can handle that?”
“No problem at all! I’ll have it done before you know it!” Doreen replied, brimming with confidence.
Stella wrapped up her instructions and dove into her own work, Losing track of time until Matthew rang, giving her a gentle nudge.
‘s BunnyBookery
Having plans to dine with friends, she swiftly packed up, noticing Doreen still glued to her tasks.
Doreen popped up, curious.
“Hey, Stella, what’s going on?”
Amused by Doreen’s jitteriness, Stella chuckled.
“Hey, it’s late.
You haven’t eaten, right? I’m meeting up with friends.
Join us!”
“No, thanks…” Doreen waved off quickly.
“It’s a party with your friends.
I’ll finish up and head out.
Don’t worry about me.
”
“No sweat,” Stella insisted.
“Let’s roll together.
We’ll chat about wedding stuff.
I’ll need your help with the preparations.
And hey, I’ll pay you extra for the help.
”
Doreen felt a bit sheepish.
“I didn’t mean it that way…”
Unable to resist Stella’s warmth, Doreen nodded in agreement.
In the car, Matthew drove as Stella introduced Doreen, praising her talent and hard work.
“This is my new assistant, Doreen Cooper.
She is a new graduate of Seamarsh University and is very talented and hardworking.
”
Then she introduced Matthew to Doreen as well.
Matthew greeted Doreen as they set off for dinner.
Doreen’s face lit up.
“Wow! Mr.
Clark’s a Legend in Seamarsh! Didn’t expect to meet you on day one.
You and Stella? Total dream team!”
“Thanks.
”
Matthew grinned, loving the praise for him and Stella.
The car ride was smooth, conversation flowing between Stella and Doreen without any awkwardness.
At the restaurant, their friends were already waiting—Miley, Neville, and Flossie.
Raising her glass, Stella caught Matthew’s eye before addressing the group.
“There is just one week till the big day.
I am counting on you all to make it epic.
”
Miley beamed.
“You got it! We’re Like your wedding A-team.
”
Flossie chimed in, “Seriously, just point us in the right direction.
”
###chapter1655
Stella and Matthew toasted, and then settled in for more chatter with their supportive crew.
To keep Doreen comfortable, Stella steered conversations her way now and then, with Miley and Flossie chiming in smoothly.
Doreen, being the social butterfly she was, quickly struck up chats with others.
Midway through dinner, Cordell finally strolled in, apologizing for his tardiness with a hint of humor.
“Sorry, folks.
I got held up.
My bad.
Let me make up for it with a glass.
”
“Just one? Come on, show some respect for the ladies,” Neville teased.
Cordell shot him a mock glare.
“Fine.
Three glasses then.
”
As Cordell settled in, Doreen stole a few glances at him, captivated by his charm and elegance.
He had a vibe unlike anyone she’d met before and he stood out in the crowd.
After downing his third glass, Cordell set it down and felt a pair of eyes on him.
Looking up, he met Doreen’s gaze.
Doreen was so startled that she forgot to avert her gaze.
A gentle smile crossed Cordell’s face.
Feeling her heart race, Doreen managed a small smile in return, but Cordell had already turned to engage Neville in conversation.
She found herself observing the elegant man before her.
Cordell, with a hint of annoyance, turned slightly to address Neville, who wore a mischievous grin.
“Just talk.
Why did you touch me?”
Unfazed by Cordell’s tone, Neville teased with a sly smile, “What took you so long? Were you on a secret date?”
He dismissed the mundane excuse of a traffic jam outright.
Before Cordell could reply, Matthew chimed in, “He’s been buried in his research.
I doubt anyone could pull him from the hospital unless it’s to meet me.
”
Cordell responded with a resigned smile, “You’re right.
My team is on the verge of a breakthrough with a new drug.
We’re at a critical phase.
If not for Matthew and Stella’s wedding discussion, I might not have made it out today.
”
He then glanced at Doreen and inquired, “Why hasn’t anyone introduced me to this new beauty?”
Caught off guard, Doreen instinctively looked at Stella.
With a warm smile, Stella introduced her again, “This is Doreen Cooper, my new assistant.
She’s freshly graduated from Seamarsh University—intelligent, competent, and a bit shy.
Please, be kind.
”
Standing nervously, Doreen greeted Cordell, “Hello, my name is Doreen.
”
As she spoke, she could feel her cheeks heat up, aware that they must be brightly flushed.
In contrast to her discomfort, Cordell remained composed.
He nodded slightly and replied, “I’m Cordell Foster.
”
###chapter1656
Doreen nodded in response and quickly took her seat, keeping her eyes lowered.
From then on, she became more cautious and reserved.
After chatting with the others for a while, Stella noticed Doreen seemed a bit out of place.
She leaned in and asked quietly, “Does it feel a bit overwhelming with all of us here?”
“No, not at all.
I’m comfortable just Listening.
Please, go on.
Don’t mind me,” Doreen hurriedly reassured her, shaking her head.
Relieved to hear this, Stella didn’t press her to join the conversation.
Once they had finished planning the wedding details, it was time to head home.
As they stepped into the elevator, Miley fixed her gaze on Flossie for a moment before asking, “Have you been under a lot of stress lately? Your waist seems a bit fuller.
”
As she reached out to touch Flossie’s waist, Flossie quickly stepped back and adjusted her hair, her actions smooth and practiced.
Trying to avoid Miley’s prying eyes, she looked down and casually touched her waist, dismissing the comment.
“No, I’m the same as always.
It must be the way this dress fits.
”
Miley Looked puzzled.
Stella intervened, taking Miley’s hand with a laugh.
“Perhaps she’s just been well-fed by her boyfriend lately.
It happens, you know.
”
Under Stella’s protective embrace, Flossie seemed to gain confidence and nestled closer to her.
She playfully pouted at Miley and said, “Stella is the best.
Not like someone who judges me all the time.
”
She shot Miley a reproachful glance.
“You two are ganging up on me.
Am I the villain here? Stella, why don’t you defend me? I’ve always had your back!” Miley playfully feigned a strike at Stella.
‘s BunnyBookery
The three of them continued to chat and laugh as they made their way to the door.
Suddenly, an orange Ferrari screeched to a halt in front of them.
Both Stella and Miley paused, caught off guard.
The driver stepped out, walked around to the passenger side, and opened the door, gesturing for Flossie to enter.
Regaining her composure, Stella teased Flossie, “That car doesn’t come cheap! Who’s the mystery man? You have to introduce him to us sometime!”
“It’s high time you stopped hiding him.
We need to meet this guy and see if he’s right for you,” Miley said.
Flossie blushed, smiling shyly, and teasingly raised an eyebrow.
“On Stella’s big day, I’ll bring him along and introduce him to everyone properly.
”
Flossie said her goodbyes and hopped into the car.
The driver started the car and drove off.
Matthew eyed the fancy car.
He’d spotted it at a swanky event a few days back.
Its flashy color had caught his attention.
###chapter1657
Everyone at the party was either loaded or influential.
But Flossie seemed intent on keeping her boyfriend’s identity under wraps.
Was it his demand or…
Stella’s friend was involved, so Matthew had to stay vigilant.
Once in the car, he texted Fernando, asking him to look into the license plate of the Ferrari.
Meanwhile, Flossie made it home in no time.
Benny lLounged on the couch, looking like he’d been waiting for her return.
In high spirits, Flossie tossed her bag to the side and went straight to Benny.
She looped her arm through his and nestled against him.
“When’d you snag this sweet ride? You nearly gave me a heart attack!”
Caught up in the joy of things going smoothly, Benny didn’t hesitate.
“I made some cash from that deal with Edmund.
I figured since your friends’ boyfriends are big shots, I’d match up.
I didn’t want you feeling left out.
”
“I don’t compare you to anyone,” Flossie said as she squeezed his arm.
“Just being with you makes me happy.
”
Benny ruffled her hair, grinning.
“I got you covered now.
Just kick back and chill at home.
”
Flossie beamed but stood her ground.
“I am not about the leisure life.
I like to hustle and build up my career.
”
Benny cupped her face, planting a ki*s on her cheek.
“Well, it’s your call, babe.
”
With that, he led her to the dining room.
They walked hand in hand.
“I have some fine wine to celebrate.
Will you join me?”
On the table sat a bottle and two glasses.
Flossie halted Benny as he reached for the bottle.
“I’ve got gastritis,” she fibbed.
“I can’t drink.
”
“Are you okay?” Benny’s brow furrowed with concern.
“Have you been eating some sketchy stuff? I’ll take you to the doctor.
”
“Don’t bother.
” Flossie waved him off.
“I have some medicines.
I’ll bounce back.
There’s no need to be concerned about me.
”
“That’s good to hear.
” Benny sighed, relieved.
He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
“Oh, and I’ve got plans for us tomorrow.
”
The following day, at Prosperity Group…
The weather sucked.
It had been clouds since dawn and then a downpour.
Matthew gazed out the French window, lost in thought.
###chapter1658
“Hey, Mr.
Clark, do you need anything?” Fernando knocked and entered.
Matthew turned.
“Is the guest list all good?”
He and Stella were wedding sticklers, sweating every detail.
“No sweat, Mr.
Clark.
The list is all good,” Fernando assured.
He spilled the beans on his latest sleuthing.
“That orange Ferrari? Belongs to Edmund.
He’s been cutting deals for Flossie lately.
”
Edmund?
Matthew stayed quiet.
Was Edmund Flossie’s boyfriend?
There was a big age gap between them.
Was that the reason why she kept it hush-hush?
Thinking it over, Matthew relaxed a bit.
That Ferrari had him on edge since yesterday as it reminded him of Benny.
Now knowing it wasn’t Benny, he breathed easy.
He still didn’t want Flossie with him.
As for Benny, alive or dead, Matthew wouldn’t let him mess up the wedding.
At the West Mountain Cemetery, rain drizzled, making the ground slick.
Benny gripped Flossie’s hand tightly and led her carefully forward.
“Be careful,” he warned softly.
Acknowledging his concern with a slight nod, Flossie felt a mix of curiosity and solemnity.
Despite wondering why Benny had brought her here, his earnest expression stopped her from asking any questions.
They walked side by side until they reached a tombstone.
Flossie’s gaze landed on the photo embedded in the stone.
It was a young woman with a warm smile.
Instantly, she knew this was Benny’s mother.
Taking a glance at Benny, she gently placed a bunch of Lilies at the tombstone, her expression turning thoughtful as she bowed respectfully.
Benny, crouching down beside her, wiped raindrops from the stone and introduced, “Mom, this is Flossie, my girlfriend.
”
Flossie, hearing the tenderness in his voice, looked again at the photo.
Her eyes softened, touched by the moment.
###chapter1659
It was her first visit here with Benny, and she couldn’t help but wonder if this meant she was gradually finding a place in his heart.
Then, Benny stood, took Flossie’s hand, and said with a serious tone, “Mom, I’ve found the one I want to protect more than anyone else.
I promise to take care of Flossie.
”
Flossie was not used to seeing such a tender and sentimental expression on Benny’s face.
She bit her lip and turned to his mother.
“Madam, I’m Flossie.
I grew up an orphan and never knew much warmth.
Luckily, I met Benny.
He has been wonderful to me, and we’re happy together.
I’ll always stand by him.
You don’t have to worry.
”
As they held hands, Benny spoke to his mother’s gravestone, sharing memories from their past.
It was during these moments that Flossie truly felt she understood Benny.
For the first time, there was no distance between them.
She squeezed Benny’s cold hand, trying to pass some of her warmth and strength to him.
Once they finished at the cemetery, the rain began to let up.
Descending the mountain, Benny suggested, “It’s getting late.
How about we grab a meal at a nearby restaurant? There’s one just ahead that serves your favorite Steffani chicken.
What do you say?”
“Sure,” Flossie replied happily.
As they settled into the restaurant, someone called out to Flossie.
She turned and saw Colin standing there.
Flossie stood to greet him, and Colin looked over at Benny before turning back to Flossie.
“Is he your boyfriend?” he asked.
Flossie remained silent, not offering any ions.
“Who is this?” Benny scrutinized Colin from head to toe, trying to identify him.
“My boss, Colin Yates.
” After the introductions, Flossie sensed some tension between them and tried to smooth things over.
“Mr.
Yates, what brings you here?”
Regaining his composure, Colin replied softly, “I’m here for the wine -tasting event at this restaurant today.
”
Flossie nodded in understanding, offering no further comment.
However, Benny suddenly said in a hostile tone, “I see.
Mr.
Yates, you seem knowledgeable about fine wines.
Could you suggest a few?”
Colin’s expression darkened.
“Aren’t you aware that Flossie shouldn’t drink?”
His response left Benny puzzled, but then he recalled Flossie’s words from the previous night and grasped Colin’s implication.
Yet, he wondered, was it typical for a boss to be aware of his employee’s health issues Like a stomach problem?
This thought made Benny slightly irritated.
“I’m aware she has gastritis.
”
Colin’s frown deepened.
He was about to say more when Flossie quickly cut in.
“Mr.
Yates, why not recommend a wine for me? I won’t drink it.
Benny will enjoy it alone.
”
###chapter1660
Puzzled yet compliant, Colin held back his words after catching her cue.
He looked at Benny with a frosty gaze, recommended a bottle of red wine, and warned, “Look after Flossie well, or you’ll regret it.
”
His tone carried a clear threat.
The air was heavy with tension.
Benny, ever observant, could tell Colin was in a sour mood.
His expression darkened.
“Mr.
Yates, is there something bothering you about me?”
Colin had his grievances with Benny, but with Flossie there, and a promise made to her, he restrained himself and eventually replied, “I’m Flossie’s boss, and as a model, even her smallest actions can spark public interest.
I just hope she remains focused on her career without distractions from family issues.
”
Benny, though still skeptical, chose not to pursue the matter further.
He responded indifferently, “As Flossie’s boyfriend, I assure you I’ll look after her well.
You needn’t worry, Mr.
Yates.
As for anything else, I’ll respect Flossie’s wishes and let her decide for herself.
”
Colin didn’t answer.
Someone he had arrived with was calling him.
He excused himself to Flossie, turned, and walked away.
Benny watched him go, his eyes narrowing slightly.
Colin’s presence had certainly dampened the mood, making their meal together less enjoyable.
After rushing through their meal, Benny drove them home.
‘s BunnyBookery
Throughout the drive, Flossie watched Benny’s face, sensing his displeasure but unable to pinpoint the cause.
Could it have been something Colin said?
She did her best to remember what Colin had said, but nothing seemed off about his words.
Flossie was utterly baffled.
Then, Benny broke the silence.
“Does your boss like you?”
“What?” His question took Flossie by surprise.
Benny’s brow furrowed as he repeated his inquiry.
Flossie hesitated before responding.
In the past, she would have emphatically shaken her head and said no.
However, after a few interactions, she noticed that Colin seemed to show her extra attention.
Wanting to be honest and avoid any confusion with Benny, Flossie said frankly, “Maybe he has a crush on me, but to me, he’s just my boss.
”
Benny’s expression darkened.
He worried that Colin coveted his girlfriend, particularly since Colin had recently confronted him directly, which only added to his frustration.
###chapter1661
She smiled warmly.
“Lately, I’ve been working on a surprise.
I’ll share it with you after Stella’s wedding, okay?”
As she spoke, she instinctively placed her hand on her stomach, her eyes sparkling with joy.
By the time Stella’s wedding day arrived, the fetus would be one hundred days old.
Flossie intended to share the joyful news of her pregnancy with Benny then.
She was convinced Benny would be just as excited about the baby’s arrival as she was.
Seeing Flossie’s joyful expression, Benny felt moved.
He squeezed her hand gently and promised, “I have a surprise for you too.
You can look forward to it.
”
In Dorburn, Bella was preparing for her trip to Seamarsh for Stella’s wedding.
She methodically folded her clothes and packed them into her suitcase.
However, partway through, a wave of dizziness overtook her, and she had to sit down quickly on the bed’s edge.
Seeing this, Elizabeth quickly sat beside her and feigned concern.
“Mom, what’s wrong? Are you feeling okay?”
Bella pressed her temples and replied, “I’m fine.
I just haven’t rested well lately.
”
Elizabeth watched her quietly, thinking that the medicine she had given her earlier might have taken effect.
She secretly chuckled to herself.
But glancing at the suitcase on the floor, she felt a surge of anger.
“Do you really need to go to Stella’s wedding? You could stay home since you’re not well,” she suggested, sounding worried.
Bella responded firmly, “I know my body.
It’s nothing serious.
And I need to be at Stella’s wedding.
”
She sighed softly.
“I made a hasty decision before.
I judged Stella’s work without thorough investigation, only to find out she was the victim of plagiarism.
To make amends, I need to be there to support her and protect her reputation as a designer.
”
Elizabeth clenched her teeth, unhappy with Bella’s defense of Stella.
Bella missed the look of displeasure on Elizabeth’s face.
She smiled and added, “Besides, there’s another reason I’m going.
Stella is a gifted designer and I’m quite fond of her.
After her wedding, I’m planning to officially name her as my successor at the design studio.
”
Elizabeth sat there, shocked.
She realized Bella’s determination to pass the torch to Stella.
If Stella took over, all the glory would be hers, leaving Elizabeth’s efforts pointless.
No way!
Elizabeth would never let this happen!
###chapter1662
Inside, she seethed with resentment but she couldn’t let it show.
With gritted teeth, she relented, “Fine, if you’re going to the wedding, I’ll tag along.
Considering your health, I can’t have you going alone.
”
She couldn’t stop Bella outright, but sticking close might give her a chance to act.
She’d just wing it.
Bella couldn’t read Elizabeth’s thoughts but memories of her past mischief in Seamarsh made her wary.
After a moment’s thought, Bella declined.
“You better stay put, Elizabeth.
I’ll be back in one piece, promise.
”
“Mom, trust me.
I’ll stick to you like glue and won’t stir up trouble,” Elizabeth pleaded, casting a pitiful glance at Bella.
“I’m really worried about you.
”
Bella hesitated but Elizabeth’s persistence won her over.
“Alright, deal.
But no shenanigans.
If anything goes wrong, no more Seamarsh for you,” Bella warned, her face serious.
Elizabeth nodded along but inside, she couldn’t care less about Bella’s words.
When Bella dozed off, Elizabeth and Kristian sneaked off to the study.
Closing the door with a huff, Elizabeth let it all out.
“Can you believe her? I practically had to beg to go to the wedding with her! And I’m not even keen on going to Stella’s wedding!”
Unable to speak freely around Bella, Elizabeth vented to Kristian.
With a steely glint, she turned to Kristian.
“It’s not easy for me to get this opportunity to attend Stella’s wedding in Seamarsh and it’s our last shot.
We have to sever Stella’s ties with my mom once and for all!”
Kristian shared her anxiety.
“We’ve botched it before.
Seamarsh is Matthew’s turf.
We can’t take him there.
If he sniffs us out…”
He trailed off but Elizabeth scoffed.
“Have you forgotten? We still hold a card.
”
Her expression darkened.
Perplexed, Kristian asked, “What card?”
Elizabeth fixed him with a stare.
“Bella.
As long as she’s on our side, it’s smooth sailing.
”
After pondering, Kristian nodded in agreement.
“And those meds…” Elizabeth added, “Get more ready for Seamarsh.
As long as Bella’s memory’s fuzzy, we’re golden.
”
Kristian nodded once again.
“It’s absolutely crucial.
We can’t risk her remembering now.
”
With the plan sorted, Elizabeth let out a breath and pondered what was next.
But when she glanced up, she caught Kristian eyeing her with a creepy look.
It made her skin crawl.
In a flash, he reached out, aiming to touch her face.
Elizabeth was alert, blocking him before his hand made contact.
She glared at Kristian, snapping, “Hands off!”
###chapter1663
Kristian’s expression shifted as he feared the noise in the study might rouse Bella from her slumber.
Lowering his voice, he urged, “Are you out of your mind? Aren’t you worried about waking your mother?”
Elizabeth met his gaze with a cold stare.
“Leave.
I need to rest,” she commanded.
Unperturbed, Kristian scoffed, still driven by desire.
Rising to his feet, he advanced toward Elizabeth.
“There’s no one around.
What’s the harm in letting me touch you?”
His eyes roamed over Elizabeth’s figure, a smirk playing on his lips.
“Besides, you’re grown now.
Surely you’ve moved past what happened in the past, haven’t you?”
As he spoke, he reached out to her, seeking to embrace her.
But Elizabeth recoiled, her patience wearing thin.
With a swift motion, she delivered a stinging slap across his cheek.
“You despicable fool, get out of here!” she exclaimed, her voice laced with fury.
The sight of Kristian’s lecherous gaze, particularly knowing he was her father, turned Elizabeth’s stomach.
She had struck him with considerable force, leaving half of his face tingling with numbness.
The humiliation ignited Kristian’s rage, and he raised his hand, poised to strike her.
“You wretched woman, how dare you lay a hand on me!” he spat venomously, his voice dripping with malice as if he wished to tear Elizabeth apart.
Elizabeth stood her ground, her resolve unyielding.
Lifting her chin defiantly, she issued a daring challenge.
“Go ahead and strike me! But before you do, remember that there are surveillance cameras in this study.
If you dare touch me, I guarantee you’ll regret it!”
Kristian’s hand hovered in the air, frozen by Elizabeth’s threat.
His face contorted with anger, but slowly, he suppressed his fury.
With a forced smile, he attempted to downplay the tension.
“Oh, don’t mind me.
It was just a joke,” he said, his tone falsely light-hearted.
Elizabeth couldn’t bring herself to entertain Kristian’s presence any longer and glared at him fiercely, her voice rough with irritation.
“Leave! I have no patience for your nonsense,” she demanded, her patience wearing thin.
Sensing her simmering anger, Kristian forced a smile and replied, “Of course, I’ll go now.
”
As he closed the door behind him, impatience flickered in his eyes.
Elizabeth, that insolent girl, was growing bolder by the day, taking advantage of Bella’s trust and affection.
She clearly held herself in high regard!
But one day, he would have his revenge.
Kristian snorted disdainfully and turned away, his mind filled with vengeful thoughts.
Meanwhile, inside the study, Elizabeth struggled to contain her revulsion as she glanced toward the door.
Kristian was incorrigible, always scheming.
She had grown weary of his vile nature.
If it weren’t for the lingering usefulness of his trading company, she would have disposed of him long ago, given his repulsive intentions.
###chapter1664
Elizabeth’s hands clenched tightly, her whole body trembling with suppressed anger.
Her hatred for Kristian remained unabated, fueled by memories of his past transgressions.
But for now, she had more pressing matters to attend to.
The following day, Elizabeth arrived at Reputation Group with determination etched on her face.
Approaching the receptionist, she cut straight to the point.
“I’m here to see Andrew.
”
Maintaining a professional demeanor, the receptionist inquired, “Do you have an appointment? Without one, I’m afraid I can’t allow you to see him.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Elizabeth’s expression hardened, her tone turning icy.
“I don’t need an appointment to see Andrew Griffin,” she retorted.
“Inform him that Elizabeth is here, and he had better come out to meet me, or there will be consequences.
”
The receptionist hesitated, sensing Elizabeth’s unwavering determination.
After a brief pause, she offered a polite but firm response.
“I’m sorry, miss.
Mr.
Griffin is currently in a meeting.
Please take a seat and wait.
We’ll notify you when he’s available.
”
Elizabeth snorted in frustration but reluctantly complied, taking a seat.
Andrew was her ex-boyfriend, and their breakup had been contentious.
He had been controlling and possessive, which had ultimately led to their separation.
Reflecting on their past, Elizabeth quickly refocused her thoughts.
Last night, Kristian had spoken the truth-Seamarsh belonged to Matthew’s territory, and their influence there was limited.
After careful consideration, Elizabeth realized that Andrew might be the only person who could help her now.
She waited in the reception area for over an hour, her impatience growing with each passing minute.
Just as she was about to lose her temper, Andrew finally emerged.
Meeting his icy gaze, Elizabeth braced herself for his chilly demeanor.
His voice matched the frostiness in his eyes as he addressed her.
“What’s your game this time?” he demanded.
Elizabeth had grown accustomed to Andrew’s aloof demeanor.
If she hadn’t needed his assistance this time, she wouldn’t have subjected herself to his coldness.
She got straight to the point, stating, “I’ve heard you’re investing in a big project in Seamarsh.
I want a role in it.
It doesn’t have to be a lead, even a supporting role will do.
”
After a brief, chilly stare, Andrew responded brusquely, “You’re not suitable.
”
Turning to leave, Andrew was stopped in his tracks by Elizabeth’s firm voice.
“Andrew!” Elizabeth intercepted him, her tone laced with a veiled threat.
“Don’t overlook the fact that you owe my mother a favor!”
###chapter1665
At the mention of this, Andrew hesitated.
Elizabeth smirked.
She had the upper hand.
Continuing with determination, Elizabeth added, “For my mother’s help back then, you wouldn’t dare refuse to assist me, would you?”
After delivering her ultimatum, Elizabeth fixed her gaze on Andrew, awaiting his response.
In the early stages of Andrew’s career, his first movie bore resemblances to “Avatar.
During that time, he had sought Bella’s expertise in environmental and biological design.
”
Ultimately, the movie garnered widespread acclaim, propelling Andrew to immense success in his career.
Indeed, Bella’s contributions played a significant role in Andrew’s career trajectory.
As a result, he held a deep respect for her and frequently sought her company, recognizing her invaluable support and guidance.
As time passed, Andrew found himself developing feelings for the generous and kind-hearted Elizabeth, his affection growing unconsciously yet steadily.
Although he kept his emotions buried, his actions and words unintentionally revealed his affection.
Bella, perceptive as ever, noticed Andrew’s feelings and believed he and Elizabeth would be an ideal match.
She attempted to orchestrate a date between them.
At that time, Elizabeth harbored a strong desire to break free from her stifling home environment.
Seizing the opportunity, she began dating Andrew, seeing it as a chance to escape and pursue a more fulfilling life.
Andrew’s handsome, gentle demeanor, coupled with his unwavering consideration for Elizabeth’s desires, made their time together incredibly sweet.
However, as their relationship progressed, Elizabeth noticed that Andrew frequently included Bella and Kristian in their daily lives.
This deeply saddened Elizabeth.
Later, during one of their dates, Andrew broached the idea of inviting Bella and Kristian along, further exacerbating her distress.
During that period, the yearning to escape her home was overwhelming.
How could she have permitted such a situation to unfold?
She regained her composure, realizing that continuing her relationship with Andrew, let alone marrying him, would forever bind her to her family.
Andrew’s profound respect for Bella only reinforced this concern.
After careful consideration, Elizabeth wasted no time.
She promptly ended her relationship with Andrew, yet he stubbornly refused to accept it.
Left with no alternative, she resorted to spreading rumors about herself and other men, compelling Andrew to end things with her.
During that time, this issue loomed large.
Bella had consistently believed that she and Andrew were exceptionally compatible.
She had made numerous attempts to convince Elizabeth, persisting until she was certain that reconciliation was out of the question.
After the breakup, Andrew’s temperament grew progressively indifferent and cold.
Despite Andrew’s outward demeanor of cold indifference, based on Elizabeth’s understanding of him, she believed he would agree if she were to mention Bella’s favor toward him.
She stood there with confidence, allowing him ample time to ponder his response.
After a brief pause, Andrew turned around, his expression shifting subtly.
“I am willing to assist you, for Bella’s sake,” he uttered reluctantly.
###chapter1666
At that time, he had just taken over a small film and television company from his grandfather.
Elizabeth, who had just come of age, played a minor supporting role in one of his movies.
When the filming was completed, the crew had a drinking party to celebrate.
The director took a fancy to Elizabeth’s beauty and kept persuading her to drink.
No one was surprised.
After all, they were used to this kind of thing.
They no longer cared about it.
At first, Elizabeth was willing to drink a few glasses of wine.
But her kindness made the director even more audacious, trying to make her drink more and more.
When Andrew saw the situation, he was very disgusted.
He wanted to step forward to help Elizabeth.
But before he could make a move, she had already slammed the wine glass on the director’s head.
Andrew could never forget the fearlessness and resoluteness he saw in Elizabeth’s eyes at that time.
From then on, he paid attention to this brave young woman.
And he couldn’t contain his happiness when he finally dated her as he wished.
What happened during that time was like a beautiful dream in his memory.
However, Andrew did not expect that everything would turn to nothing.
He slowly discovered that Elizabeth was not as flawless as he thought.
Then, they broke up.
But their separation was not easy for him.
He had sleepless nights, always thinking of the memories they had together.
He doubted her reason for breaking up with him.
But the truth was lying right in front of him, and he could only accept it.
Andrew didn’t have any contact with Elizabeth for a long time.
In fact, he already prepared himself not to see her again for the rest of his life.
But now, she was in front of him, trying to threaten him using the favor he owed Bella.
Andrew pinched Elizabeth’s chin even tighter.
At this moment, hatred overwhelmed his heart.
“Andrew, you bastard! Let go of me!” she said through gritted teeth.
As Andrew pinched her chin even tighter, she felt the pain become more and more unbearable.
She slapped his hand hard.
When he felt the pain, he suddenly came back to his senses.
It was only then that he noticed that her chin had turned red from his pinch.
So, he loosened his grip.
Andrew looked at Elizabeth coldly.
“I will be your plus-one at this wedding as promised.
But after this, the debt between Bella and me will be considered cleared.
Someone, please show Miss Elizabeth Wallace the way out.
”
Elizabeth touched her reddened chin and stared at Andrew’s retreating figure.
Now that she had achieved what she came for, there was no reason to linger at Reputation Group.
Turning, she left the building and settled into her car, exhaling a deep sigh of relief.
With Andrew’s support, she wouldn’t be alone or vulnerable in Seamarsh anymore.
The meeting had reinforced her belief that Andrew still harbored feelings for her.
Should danger arise, she was certain he would come to her aid.
A smile flickered across Elizabeth’s lips as she thought about this.
###chapter1667
However, recalling the stern expression on Andrew’s face earlier brought a sudden pang of sadness to her heart.
She bit her lip, trying to dispel the unwelcome emotion.
After a moment of contemplation, she decided to call Tanya for a drink.
Resolved, Elizabeth slipped on her sunglasses and started the car.
Tanya, ever the devoted friend, was quick to join Elizabeth at the bar after receiving her call.
Upon seeing Elizabeth, Tanya immediately expressed her regret for past failures.
“I’ve been waiting for the right moment to apologize.
I thought Devyn could outmaneuver Stella, but I underestimated Stella’s resilience.
I’m sorry for not removing that obstacle for you.
”
Elizabeth shook her head, dismissing the apology.
“It’s okay.
You did what you could.
”
She silently blamed Devyn for her incompetence and Stella for her craftiness but resolved not to let this setback deter her.
Seeing that Elizabeth wasn’t upset, Tanya relaxed and asked, “What’s next on the agenda?”
Elizabeth’s face lit up with a mischievous smile.
“Let’s go shopping.
I’m heading to Seamarsh soon, and I need to look my best.
”
She hadn’t seen Matthew in a long time and she was planning to attend his wedding.
She knew she had to make a striking impression.
It was essential to outshine Stella.
Tanya quickly grasped the significance of the moment.
She nodded affirmatively.
“Absolutely, this is a crucial chance for you.
You must take advantage of it.
”
Elizabeth glanced at her and assured, “Don’t worry.
I won’t be outshone by Stella.
”
Tanya clasped Elizabeth’s hand warmly.
“If you need any help, please tell me.
I’ll be there for you.
”
They then decided to change their location and headed to Mary Square, one of the most bustling commercial hubs in Dorburn.
It was a favorite among the affluent for shopping.
With a smile, Elizabeth said, “I’ve ordered a dress for attending the wedding.
Could you help me check if it fits properly?”
Tanya enthusiastically agreed, adding with a hint of flattery, “You have such exquisite taste.
Any dress would look stunning on you.
”
Her words were flattering, and Elizabeth couldn’t help but feel uplifted by them.
As they entered the shop, an abrasive voice cut through the air.
“This one here.
Bring it over and help me into it!”
The demanding tone made Elizabeth instinctively look in the direction of the noise.
There, she spotted a familiar figure.
It was Jovie Bailey, the daughter of a prominent manufacturing company owner in Dorburn.
She was pointing imperiously at a dress, ordering the shop assistant to assist her in trying it on.
Ironically, it was the very dress that Elizabeth had reserved.
###chapter1668
The shop assistant was caught in a difficult position.
“I’m sorry, Miss Bailey.
This dress has been reserved.
Would you like to see some of our other designs? We have several new arrivals.
”
Jovie, undeterred, replied dismissively, “So what if it’s reserved? It’s not sold yet.
I’ll pay double for it.
”
She was unaware of who had reserved the dress, but her determination to have it was clear.
Despite the high quality of other items in the store, none could overshadow her desire for that particular dress.
Jovie had always gotten what she wanted since childhood.
The shop assistant hesitated, caught between the demands of a major customer and the commitments already made.
The person who had reserved the dress was also a figure of considerable status.
As the assistant mulled over her predicament, Elizabeth stepped forward.
“I’m sorry, but I’ve already ordered this dress, and it’s the only one of its kind,” she said with a serene smile, sizing up Jovie.
“Moreover, it’s been tailored to my measurements.
It might not fit you as you seem a bit too… robust for its size.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Her voice was gentle, but the barb was clear in her tone.
At first sight, Jovie recognized Elizabeth, her expression instantly contorting with anger.
The stares from customers and clerks in the shop, some tinged with contempt, only fueled her fury, reaching its boiling point.
Suppressing her anger, Jovie forced a smile at Elizabeth.
“Isn’t this Bella’s daughter? You caused quite a stir in Seamarsh.
How dare you show your face here?”
She rolled her eyes at Elizabeth and added, “If I were you, I’d be too ashamed to even step outside.
”
Despite Bella’s efforts to cover up the incident in Seamarsh, rumors still lingered within certain circles of the upper class.
For someone as well-connected as Jovie, obtaining such gossip was a simple task.
Elizabeth, however, remained unfazed.
She never took Jovie’s remarks seriously.
With a smug smile curling at her lips, Elizabeth spoke each word deliberately.
“Well, I’m doing better than you anyway.
I heard you went on a three-month diet just to catch Andrew’s eye, but it seems he still didn’t give you a second glance.
”
She chuckled twice, relishing in the discomfort evident on Jovie’s darkening face.
Undeterred, Elizabeth continued, “It appears that it’s not about the figure, but rather the character of a person.
”
Tanya chimed in with a smile of her own.
Jovie’s displeasure was palpable upon hearing Elizabeth’s remarks.
Every word Elizabeth uttered felt like a direct jab to Jovie’s heart, nearly igniting a fury fueled by embarrassment.
She harbored a crush on Andrew, a man who embodied both handsomeness and excellence, seemingly meeting all the criteria she had set for a potential husband.
Yet, despite her efforts, she couldn’t seem to capture his attention.
And to her dismay, the excellent man in question happened to be Elizabeth’s ex-boyfriend!
###chapter1669
How could Elizabeth effortlessly attain the affections of a man whom she had struggled to capture?
Jovie found herself unwilling to accept this reality.
Simultaneously, she felt a pang of jealousy toward Elizabeth for once having such a remarkable man.
Her expression darkening, Jovie retorted, “So what? I plan to invite him as my plus-one to the Prosperity Group CEO’s wedding.
He’ll surely accept.
”
Observing Jovie’s arrogant demeanor, Elizabeth couldn’t help but chuckle.
“Really? I’m afraid you’ll be disappointed.
Andrew won’t be your plus-one.
”
Jovie, her anger simmering, bit her lip fiercely.
“And why are you so sure?”
Elizabeth regarded her with a mix of sympathy and disdain before sneering, “Because he just agreed to be my plus-one.
”
After her confident assertion, Elizabeth paid no further heed to Jovie, whose face now flushed with anger.
Elizabeth strode past her and addressed the shop assistant, saying, “Remove the dress and let me try it on.
”
The shop assistant promptly complied, removing the dress without delay.
Completely disregarded, Jovie seethed with rage as she sensed the whispers and stares of those around her.
Enraged, she spun around to find Elizabeth heading toward the fitting room with the dress in hand.
Acting on impulse, Jovie lunged forward, attempting to snatch the dress and tear it apart.
However, Elizabeth was prepared for such a reaction.
With nimble reflexes, she evaded Jovie’s grasp.
In her attempt, Jovie missed and stumbled to the floor with a heavy thud.
Amused by the spectacle, Tanya swiftly took out her phone to record the scene and burst into laughter.
“That was quite a tumble! Everyone, take a look at her pitiful state.
”
Jovie seethed with such intense fury that she felt the urge to rush forward and tear both Elizabeth and Tanya apart.
“You witch! Turn off that camera!” She snarled at Tanya.
Tanya merely snorted in response.
“Are you going to attack me? I’m trembling in fear.
But let me remind you, the camera is still recording.
If you don’t want everyone to witness your embarrassing outburst, I suggest you refrain from acting recklessly.
”
Jovie’s expression contorted with rage, her eyes burning with hatred.
“You’ve crossed the line!”
“I certainly don’t think so.
” As Elizabeth observed Jovie’s evident embarrassment, her gaze hardened, brimming with intensity.
“You’d be wise not to provoke me further.
I have numerous methods for dealing with a clueless imbecile like you!”
Jovie attempted to retort, but Elizabeth swiftly crushed her hand underfoot, eliciting a sharp cry of agony.
Struggling to free her hand, Jovie winced in pain as Elizabeth exerted more strength.
Elizabeth, thoroughly pleased with herself, withdrew her foot and remarked, “Are you leaving now?”
Clutching her injured hand, Jovie gazed up at Elizabeth’s malevolent eyes, feeling a surge of fear.
Trembling, she hastily fled the scene.
As Jovie’s retreating figure vanished, Elizabeth’s demeanor returned to its composed state, and she proceeded calmly to the fitting room.
###chapter1670
The onlookers dispersed, wary of incurring her wrath.
As Elizabeth emerged in her new attire, the shop returned to its usual state of order.
Tanya gazed at her in awe, unable to contain her admiration.
“You look absolutely stunning.
You’re like a celestial being descended from heaven.
Who wouldn’t be captivated by you? I’m even falling for you.
”
She sang Elizabeth’s praises exaggeratedly, mixing flattery with sincerity.
Examining herself in the mirror, Elizabeth couldn’t deny that the dress fit her perfectly.
Yet…
A shadow crossed her face as she muttered, partly to herself and partly to Tanya, “You say I’m stunning, but why does Matthew never seem to notice me?”
Her tone carried a touch of confusion and paranoia.
Tanya felt a chill run down her spine, wondering if Elizabeth had caught onto her exaggerated flattery.
Tanya, feeling a twinge of fear, took a moment to compose herself before speaking up.
“Men are all the same.
They don’t appreciate beautiful women; they prefer those who appear more vulnerable.
I’ve seen some old videos of Stella.
Her affectation can trigger men’s instinct to protect her.
I think you were outmatched by that.
She’s adept at feigning weakness.
”
She rushed through her explanation, stealing a glance at Elizabeth, hoping to satisfy her.
Elizabeth furrowed her brow, still pondering the matter.
“What do you mean by ‘pretending to be weak’?”
Tanya was caught off guard by her question, and then hesitantly clarified, “Stella is simply better at portraying innocence than you.
Men are drawn to women who seem pitiable and non-confrontational, much like her.
That’s probably why Matthew is infatuated with her.
”
After her explanation, Tanya inwardly sighed, hoping Elizabeth wouldn’t press further, as she was unsure how to elaborate.
Elizabeth remained silent, her mind consumed by thoughts.
After a moment of contemplation, Tanya tentatively suggested, “Why don’t you consider buying some clothes similar to Stella’s usual style?”
Elizabeth whirled around, her expression darkening with anger.
“Are you suggesting I imitate Stella? Why would I stoop to that?”
She despised Stella with every fiber of her being, and the suggestion to imitate her felt like a profound insult.
Sensing Elizabeth’s changed demeanor, Tanya hastily clarified, “No, that’s not what I meant.
I just think that Matthew is drawn to her style.
If you want to win his affection, it might be worth considering.
”
Observing Elizabeth’s lack of ion, Tanya gathered her courage to continue, “Moreover, I believe Matthew’s attraction to Stella is largely superficial, based on her appearance.
You have the advantage of resembling her, but you’re even more beautiful.
If you enhance your appearance, Matthew will surely be captivated by you.
Unless, of course, he has terrible taste.
”
Tanya’s flattering words managed to uplift Elizabeth’s spirits, gradually dispelling the unhappiness she had felt moments before.
With a smile, Tanya suggested, “Come on, let’s change out of this dress and explore more options.
”
Following Tanya’s guidance, Elizabeth selected several additional outfits.
The styles closely mirrored Stella’s typical attire.
Upon trying them on, Elizabeth couldn’t help but notice the resemblance she bore to Stella.
In Seamarsh…
Suddenly, Flossie’s gut churned.
Waking with pain, she dashed to the bathroom, retching.
Her morning sickness had worsened lately.
Keeping the pregnancy secret until reaching a hundred days seemed impossible now.
###chapter1671
After vomiting, she felt drained.
Weakly, she struggled to rise.
“Benny, I’m not feeling great.
Can you lend me a hand?”
Calling Benny, she got no response.
“Benny?”
Leaning on the wall, she stood.
Exiting the bathroom, she spotted Benny, deep in a call on the balcony.
Though she couldn’t hear, his grave expression hinted at trouble.
Worried, she approached.
Before she could ask, he rushed out, leaving his wallet.
“Benny.
”
She tried to alert him but he seemed oblivious, hurrying away.
What was the rush? Hadn’t he even noticed her?
Suspicion crept in as Flossie grabbed his wallet and followed him out.
She spotted him catching a taxi and hailed one too, tailing close behind.
Keeping eyes on his taxi, she dialed him.
He answered swiftly.
“Flossie, what’s up?”
His voice was soft.
“Hey, why did you bolt without giving me a heads-up? Is there something up?” Flossie inquired.
“I am just meeting Edmund for golf at the Starlight Golf Course.
Sorry for not mentioning it before.
You should get some rest,” Benny replied calmly.
Checking the location, Flossie realized they were headed the opposite way from the Starlight Golf Course.
He was not being honest with her!
Flossie grew more suspicious and started feeling a bit uneasy.
She stayed quiet for a moment, avoiding direct questions.
Instead, she said, “Take care.
If you finish early, let’s grab dinner.
”
Then she hung up.
Her eyes were glued to the taxi ahead.
“Driver, follow that cab.
Thanks.
”
“Got it.
” The driver sped up at her request, closing the gap.
Luckily, the traffic was heavy and this hid the fact that she was tailing him.
###chapter1672
Finally, Benny hopped out of his cab at a club.
Flossie frowned.
She didn’t exit until he entered.
Eager to follow, she was halted by a stern guard at the door of the establishment.
“I’m sorry, ma’am.
I must see your membership card, please,” he demanded.
Disheartened, she considered pleading, but the guard’s icy stare squashed that idea.
Crestfallen, she turned away.
Then suddenly, she remembered Benny’s wallet.
Recalling that Edmund had acquired a membership for Benny, she rummaged through the wallet.
There it was.
Handing the membership card over, she asked, “Can I please enter now?”
The guard’s attitude flipped entirely and he grew very respectful.
“Absolutely, please, head right this way.
”
Guided by a waiter, Flossie entered the club, feeling a pit in her stomach.
Why was Benny sneaking off here?
Spotting Benny, she trailed after him.
She was determined.
‘s BunnyBookery
Seeing him enter a VIP room, she halted in front of the door, straining to eavesdrop.
The door wasn’t soundproof.
Flossie pressed her ear, catching a deep voice coming from inside.
This was Edmund.
So, Benny had come to see Edmund, but why the golf lie?
Edmund’s icy voice rang out.
“He’s got someone snooping around.
”
Who was “he”?
Frowning, Flossie wondered who could be poking around Edmund and Benny.
Fear crept in.
Had Benny tangled in something shady, keeping her in the dark?
Edmund’s warning echoed once more.
“I’m not concerned for your safety but our plan cannot be jeopardized.
Remember, Flossie’s my only daughter!”
Upon hearing Edmund’s words, Flossie stood frozen, her mind a whirlwind of disbelief and confusion.
At that moment, the world around her seemed to blur, drowning out any other sound or sensation.
All she could grasp was the revelation that Edmund had just uttered-that she was his daughter.
She had a sudden realization.
It all made sense now.
Edmund had been helping her since they first met for a reason.
###chapter1673
She had believed she’d befriended an older man.
Little did she know, Edmund was her long-lost father, a revelation she never saw coming.
Flossie’s lips trembled faintly, struggling to articulate the storm of emotions swirling within her.
Meanwhile, Benny’s voice rang out, breaking the tense silence.
“I know you care about Flossie.
Otherwise, you wouldn’t have killed Jessica.
But don’t worry.
My plans don’t include her.
”
Another bombshell detonated within Flossie’s consciousness.
It became apparent that Jessica’s death was connected to Edmund in some way.
Her heart sank in an instant.
What had been a baffling puzzle suddenly unraveled before her eyes: it was Edmund who had orchestrated it all.
Her mind was in disarray, emotions swirling uncontrollably.
Unable to contain herself any longer, Flossie pushed the door open.
Hearing the door suddenly being pushed open, Edmund and Benny were initially furious, but then they were taken aback seeing Flossie standing in the doorway.
“Why are you here?” Benny’s voice broke through the silence, his steps closing in on Flossie with a mixture of curiosity and apprehension.
Flossie remained silent, feeling a heavy weight pressing against her heart.
Without clarity, she knew she could never find peace.
She fixed her gaze on Edmund, her voice quivering with uncertainty.
“Were you telling the truth? Are you truly my biological father?”
With those words, tears welled in her eyes, threatening to spill over as she awaited Edmund’s response.
Since childhood, she had never laid eyes on her father.
Often, as she watched other children being embraced by their fathers, she harbored a secret longing to find her own.
‘s BunnyBookery
Yet, she never imagined that this long-awaited day would unfold in such unexpected circumstances.
Had she not overheard the conversation between Edmund and Benny, how much longer would they have kept this truth hidden from her?
Why had Edmund chosen to keep the truth from her? And yet, why had he also endeavored to protect her from harm in secrecy?
Edmund remained mute.
With circumstances having reached this critical juncture, denying the truth seemed futile.
He nodded solemnly and spoke.
“I had hoped to find the right moment to reveal everything to you, but I never anticipated you discovering it like this.
I apologize for scaring you.
”
Rising from his seat, Edmund extended an invitation to Flossie.
“Please, come inside.
Let’s talk.
”
He gently held her shoulders, offering comfort, but Flossie trembled uncontrollably, tears streaming down her cheeks despite her efforts to hold them back.
She had always imagined her father as a hero, but now…
The reality was simply too difficult for her to accept.
Looking up at Edmund, she sought confirmation, her voice quivering with emotion.
“What happened to Jessica? Why did you kill her?”
###chapter1674
Squinting, Edmund’s expression turned fierce.
“She was a threat to you,” he asserted firmly.
Those words sent a shiver down Flossie’s spine, causing sweat to bead on her back.
How could the father she had longed for turn out to be so ruthless?
Observing Flossie’s fear, Edmund continued in a softer voice, “I didn’t intend for her to die.
She fell off the cliff on her own.
She shouldn’t have tried to escape.
Please, trust me, my dear daughter.
”
“I don’t!” Flossie shook her head, her gaze fixed on Edmund, her expression a mixture of confusion and disbelief.
How could someone who once seemed so gentle and trustworthy now appear as if transformed into a demon?
Which version of him was the true one?
Did Benny know everything? What role did he play in all of this?
“I don’t believe you.
Stay away from me!” Flossie said warily, pulling away from Edmund’s grasp and taking two cautious steps backward.
Seeing Flossie’s agitation, Benny couldn’t help but feel concerned.
He had the urge to step forward, but Flossie’s gesture halted him in his tracks.
“You stay away from me too!” Flossie’s eyes were red, her mind a whirlwind of confusion and fear.
“IT won’t come any closer.
Just please, calm down and talk to me,”
Benny urged, his tone urgent as he attempted to reassure her.
Flossie couldn’t bear to even look at them.
ALL she yearned for was to escape this suffocating atmosphere.
She turned on her heel and strode toward the door.
Sensing the two figures trailing closely behind her, she halted abruptly, her voice quivering with desperation.
“Don’t follow me.
If you do, I swear I’ll kill myself!”
Flossie sprinted with fervor, propelled by her overwhelming emotions.
Yet, the intensity caused a dull ache in her lower abdomen, halting her after a mere distance.
Halting for a moment, she drew in a deep breath, shielding her belly with a hand, and then swiftly exited the club.
Rather than departing immediately, she sought refuge, pressing against a wall to regain composure.
Moments later, Edmund and Benny emerged, each departing in their respective cars.
Once assured of their distance, Flossie emerged cautiously, hailing a taxi for her escape.
The driver, a kind middle-aged man, greeted her, “Where are you going, young girl?”
Flossie faltered, uncertain of her destination, her mind in turmoil.
###chapter1675
Returning to her apartment would inevitably lead to an encounter with Benny, an encounter she wished to avoid at all costs now.
Stella’s home wasn’t an option either.
Flossie couldn’t burden her friend with her troubles, especially amidst preparations for Stella’s upcoming wedding.
Besides, explaining the chaos in her mind seemed impossible.
“You can take me anywhere, just drive.
” After issuing the instruction, Flossie leaned wearily against the car window.
Throughout this period, her phone incessantly rang, each call originating from either Edmund or Benny.
Flossie steadfastly declined every incoming call.
Silence enveloped the car as Flossie remained lost in her thoughts, the driver navigating aimlessly as per her request.
A gentle breeze caressed her face, yet Flossie remained unable to find solace.
It felt as though her breath was constricted in her chest, nearly suffocating her.
Particularly when the realization struck that Jessica’s demise might be connected to her, it intensified her sense of suffocation.
Suddenly, Flossie was gripped by a sharp pain in her lower abdomen.
Clenching her teeth, she attempted to alleviate the discomfort, but within moments, a warm trickle ran down her thighs.
Bowing her head, she observed the blood pooling around her shins, causing her distress to surge.
Flossie panicked.
She cherished her unborn child dearly and couldn’t bear the thought of any harm befalling it.
“Sir… Please, drive to the nearest hospital immediately!” Flossie pleaded urgently.
Glancing at her through the rearview mirror, the driver noted her distressed appearance.
Without hesitation, he pressed down on the accelerator and inquired with concern, “Are you alright, Miss? Should I contact your family?”
At that moment, Flossie’s mind raced to Benny and Edmund.
However, she hesitated to reach out to them.
As the pain in her abdomen intensified and agony contorted her expression, she managed to utter, “No, I’ll manage on my own.
Just take me to the hospital.
”
Without a word, the driver accelerated, hastening their journey to the hospital.
Upon arrival, Flossie was swiftly ushered into the emergency room.
The sight of her bleeding prompted the nurse to summon the doctor immediately.
The doctor wasted no time in conducting an examination, her expression grave as she delivered the diagnosis.
“You’re displaying symptoms indicative of an early miscarriage.
You must remain hospitalized for observation.
”
Flossie’s heart sank at the news.
“Doctor, please, do everything you can to save my baby.
The doctor said, “We’ll do everything in our power, but your condition is quite precarious at the moment.
You must remain calm; don’t let your emotions impact the baby.
I’ll have the nurse administer an intravenous drip shortly.
Do you have any family members with you?”
“I don’t have any family,” Flossie said after hesitating for a moment, followed by a slow shake of her head.
The doctor, seasoned by years of hospital experience, maintained a composed demeanor.
“Alternatively, you could request a friend to accompany you.
Being alone isn’t advisable in your current condition.
There’s a possibility of requiring surgery at any moment, and you’ll need someone to consent on your behalf.
”
In that moment, Flossie came to the stark realization that she had no one but herself to depend on during life’s most crucial junctures.
###chapter1676
She retrieved her phone and scrolled through her address book in a futile attempt to find someone else who could lend assistance.
In the end, the only option that remained was Stella.
However, she ultimately decided against reaching out to Stella.
Setting her phone aside, she prepared to inform the doctor that she would sign for herself.
Yet, just as she was about to speak, her phone suddenly rang.
It was a call from Colin.
‘s BunnyBookery
After a brief moment of hesitation, Flossie answered the call.
“Flossie, we have a ring advertisement that needs to be photographed.
We just require a few close-up shots of your hands.
Can you come to the company tomorrow?” Colin inquired.
Before agreeing, Flossie was seized by another sharp pang in her abdomen.
She furrowed her brow and pleaded for assistance.
“Colin, are you available now? Could you come to the hospital?”
Without uttering a word, Colin abruptly ended the call and hurried to the hospital.
Upon locating the ward, Colin’s breath caught in his throat at the sight of Flossie’s pallid complexion, sweat-drenched forehead, and evident weakness.
Suppressing his rising ire, he approached her bedside, feigning composure as he inquired, “What happened?”
In truth, he yearned to question why Flossie was alone in the hospital and the whereabouts of Benny.
However, his position prevented him from asking such probing inquiries.
Flossie pursed her lips, diverting the conversation.
“Thank you for coming to my aid.
”
“You need not be so polite with me.
” His voice was devoid of emotion.
For a moment, Flossie struggled to find the right words.
Mustering a smile, she attempted to lighten the mood with a jest.
“It’s the second time I’ve met you at the hospital.
Let’s hope this is the last.
”
Colin’s gaze softened with concern.
Taking a seat beside Flossie, he glanced at the IV drip and
inquired, “Are you feeling better?”
Though he had been briefed by the doctor on Flossie’s condition, he remained unaware of the reasons that led to a potential miscarriage.
Flossie nodded faintly.
“I feel much improved after the infusion.
”
Lowering her gaze, she added softly, “As long as the baby is alright.
”
Colin struggled to find the right words for comfort.
“Rest up.
I’m here for you.
”
Flossie accepted his presence without hesitation.
Fatigue washed over her, prompting her to slowly close her eyes.
Throughout the ordeal, Flossie’s phone persisted in its relentless ringing, causing her to furrow her brow in evident impatience.
After a brief pause, Colin inquired, “Aren’t you going to answer it?”
Without opening her eyes, Flossie replied in a hushed tone, “There’s no need.
Please, turn off my phone.
I don’t want any interruptions right now.
”
###chapter1677
Colin wordlessly complied, taking her phone and executing her request.
Subsequently, he remained by her side in silent support.
Initially hopeful of drifting into slumber, Flossie found her mind unable to quieten.
Instead, thoughts of Benny and Edmund’s recent conversations dominated her consciousness.
With a sigh, she opened her eyes and fixated on the ceiling above.
Colin sensed Flossie’s distress but refrained from pressing her immediately.
Once she appeared slightly more composed, he tentatively broached the subject.
“If you’re willing, you can share with me what’s troubling you.
Perhaps I can offer some assistance.
”
Flossie delicately bit her lip before responding, “I’ve encountered some unfortunate events.
But it’s nothing.
I can manage on my own.
”
Lost in contemplation, she continued to stare at the ceiling, her thoughts elsewhere.
Observing her fragile yet resilient demeanor, Colin’s heart ached.
Though he yearned to offer words of comfort, he felt constrained by his position.
Ultimately, he chose to remain silent.
At Prosper Bay, Stella diligently attended to the final wedding preparations.
With care, she arranged the necessary dresses on the table before meticulously ironing them.
Matthew enveloped her in a hug from behind, his voice gentle as he inquired, “Why not leave these small tasks to Erin?”
Stella’s smile was warm as she replied, “It’s my wedding after all.
I want to handle every detail myself.
”
Matthew nodded in understanding.
“Alright.
I have no plans for tonight.
I can keep you company.
”
Setting the iron aside, Stella turned to face him, her eyes sparkling with mischief.
“So, does that mean I can order you around?”
A flicker of surprise crossed Matthew’s expression before he chuckled.
“Absolutely.
”
Stella pondered for a moment before expressing her desire.
“I’d Like to hire a band to perform at the wedding.
Could you assist me with that?”
“It’s no trouble at all,” Matthew replied.
With a ki*s on her cheek, he pivoted and dialed a number.
He issued instructions over the phone, appearing serious and composed.
Stella observed Matthew for a moment, her heart swelling with affection.
Truly, men seemed most attractive when they were fully engrossed in their tasks.
She chuckled and then resumed ironing the clothes.
At that moment, her phone rang.
Though it displayed an unfamiliar number, she answered nonetheless.
A slightly familiar voice greeted her from the other end, tinged with a hint of formality.
“Excuse me, is Flossie with you?”
Stella asked warily, “Who’s this?”
###chapter1678
The guy on the line introduced himself, saying, “Hey, it’s Edmund Hanson.
”
Edmund? Stella’s brow furrowed.
Why was he reaching out? What was up with Flossie?
Cautiously, Stella asked, “What do you want from Flossie?”
“Sorry, Ms.
Anderson.
” Edmund sounded a bit anxious.
“I couldn’t reach Flossie, so I thought I’d try you.
Is she around?”
Stella’s heart raced.
“She’s not here.
What’s going on?”
“We had a small quarrel, nothing major.
I am just worried because I can’t reach her.
I figured I’d check with you since you’re friends.
Anyway, if she’s not with you, I’ll leave you be,” Edmund explained.
Then he hung up.
Stella sat there, dazed.
She called Flossie but there was no answer.
Matthew noticed Stella’s troubled expression as he finished up band plans.
He came over, eyeing her phone.
“What’s up? Why the sudden frown?”
“Edmund called me just now.
Stella filled Matthew in, gripping his hand.
“Do you think something’s up with Flossie?”
Matthew’s brows knitted in concern, “Easy, let’s brainstorm.
Maybe we can figure another way to reach her or someone close.
”
“Flossie hasn’t introduced her boyfriend to us yet…”
Stella fretted.
Then, a light bulb flickered.
“I remember her boss is named Colin Yates.
He was there when she
got hurt.
Cared about her loads.
But I don’t have his digits.
Can you track him down?”
Matthew nodded, setting out to find Colin’s number.
At the hospital, Colin sat by Flossie’s side when his phone buzzed, showing an unknown caller.
He glanced at Flossie before answering.
Stella introduced herself and then asked, “Mr.
Yates, I am sorry to bug you.
I can’t reach Flossie.
Any work gig for her today?”
At Stella’s name, Colin glanced at Flossie, who was nearby.
The ward was very quiet and Flossie could hear Stella’s voice.
Shaking her head, Flossie signaled Colin to keep her situation a secret.
Colin got the hint.
“She’s on a studio shoot and her phone’s off.
Do you want to leave a message?”
He said Flossie’s name aloud and she responded.
###chapter1679
Relieved to hear her voice, Stella thanked Colin.
“Got it.
She’s busy, I’ll hit her up later.
Thanks.
”
Hanging up, Stella shot Matthew a relieved grin.
“Colin says she’s on the grind.
It freaked me out, though.
Edmund sounded super serious.
”
“That’s good to hear she’s okay,” Matthew mused.
Then, out of the blue, he asked, “Do you think Edmund and Flossie are tight?”
Stella shook her head.
“No clue.
Why?”
Matthew hesitated.
“What if Edmund’s Flossie’s squeeze?”
“What ?”
Stella’s eyes widened in disbelief.
She pondered for a second and then dismissed it.
“Nah, Edmund’s old enough to be her father.
There’s no way she’s into him.
”
Matthew probed, “Have you ever met Flossie’s boyfriend?” He wanted to be sure.
Stella remembered catching a quick glimpse of Flossie’s boyfriend.
‘s BunnyBookery
Lost in thought, she mulled it over.
He looked just like Benny.
But she’d seen Benny’s lifeless body.
How could he be back from the dead?
She shook off the crazy idea.
Benny was gone, end of story.
Stella was uncertain about the identity of Flossie’s boyfriend, and she hesitated to bring up Benny.
She figured it was just a wild guess.
Matthew had always been sensitive about anything related to Benny.
She didn’t want to bother him with uncertain things right now.
After a moment of silence, she said, “I only saw the back of a young man.
He didn’t seem like Edmund.
”
Matthew’s expression grew serious.
He didn’t speak, but he was clearly suspicious.
Stella held his hand and said, “Let’s stop guessing.
Whoever Flossie’s boyfriend is, it’s her own business.
As her friend, we can only remind her to be careful.
It’s best if we don’t get involved.
”
Matthew nodded.
Putting down her phone, Stella picked up the iron again.
“Now that I know she’s okay, I can relax.
I’ll check if she’s home safely later.
”
Matthew remained silent upon hearing this.
He looked at Stella affectionately.
“I’ve already reached out to the band.
There’s a small concert tomorrow.
We can go together.
If you like them, we can hire them.
”
###chapter1680
“So fast!” Stella’s eyes sparkled.
She playfully teased Matthew, “Mr.
Clark, you’re super wealthy.
You can make things happen with just a few words.
Impressive!”
Matthew’s tense expression softened at her words.
He smiled and gently pinched her cheek as he said, “My money is yours now.
”
At the hospital, after ending the call, Colin glanced at Flossie, who sat lost in thought, her head bowed.
He glanced down and whispered, “You haven’t eaten all day.
Are you hungry? Let me grab you some food, and then you can rest.
”
“Don’t worry about it.
I’m just not hungry.
”
Colin frowned.
“Even for the baby’s sake, you should eat something.
I’ll step out for a bit and be back soon.
”
After those words, he got up and left the ward before Flossie could say no once more.
When he returned, he sat beside her bed.
He picked up the spoon, intending to feed her.
“I can manage,” Flossie said, instinctively dodging away.
She tried to take the spoon from Colin, but he didn’t budge.
For a moment, Flossie was puzzled by what he meant.
Just as she was about to speak up, she heard Colin calling her name.
“What’s the matter?” she asked, meeting his gaze.
Suddenly, Colin grasped her hand, startling Flossie.
Before she could respond, Colin spoke up.
“I know you care about your current boyfriend, but you’ve been through a lot of pain with him.
I don’t want to see you continue to suffer like this.
”
Flossie was speechless for a moment, observing Colin.
“Benny can’t protect you.
So, would you consider giving me a chance? I’ve admired you silently.
I don’t mind the baby you’re carrying.
If you agree, I promise to take care of you and the baby as my own.
”
Flossie’s mind raced.
Was Colin confessing his love?
She took a moment to collect herself and withdrew her hand.
“I’m sorry, Colin.
”
His expression darkened at her words.
Flossie blinked rapidly.
Even though she couldn’t bring herself to turn him down, she realized she had to set things straight right away.
Otherwise, it would only hurt him more.
She forced a smile.
“You’re a great boss and friend, but that’s all it is for me.
”
“You don’t have to say no right away.
Take your time to think it over,” Colin urged, trying to convince her.
Flossie shook her head and whispered, “I’m really sorry.
”
Disappointment flickered in Colin’s eyes.
After a pause, he managed a bitter smile.
“It’s fine.
I just needed to be honest with you.
You don’t have to feel pressured.
”
###chapter1681
After a moment of disappointment, he collected himself.
“Since you see me as a friend, would you mind hearing some friendly advice?”
Flossie’s eyes widened in surprise for a moment, and then she nodded in agreement.
Colin’s tone was serious, but his eyes held compassion.
“You’re a wonderful person.
I’ll always want to protect you.
I know what I just said might’ve caught you off guard, but trust me, those words stand true.
If you ever feel down, remember you can always lean on me.
”
Flossie’s heart softened after Colin’s confession.
Everyone craved protection, and Colin had been a constant presence during her recent struggles.
However, love couldn’t be forced.
Taking the food he brought, she took a few sips of the oatmeal milk.
“Thank you, Colin,” she said.
“I truly appreciate everything you’ve done lately.
I won’t forget your kindness.
When the time comes, I’ll repay everything you did.
”
Colin just shrugged; he wasn’t looking for repayment.
But anyway, he felt relieved to see her eat.
He smiled.
“Don’t mention it.
Just seeing you happy makes me happy.
”
Silence settled in the ward after his words, broken only by the soft sounds of Flossie eating.
The bowl of oatmeal milk was quickly emptied.
Putting it down, Flossie had another question.
Hesitantly, she asked, “Were you familiar with Jessica?”
A flicker crossed Colin’s eyes before he finally confessed, “We had a complicated relationship for a while.
”
Flossie’s eyes widened in surprise.
Colin looked down, unable to meet her gaze.
“After you got hurt, Jessica confronted me.
I learned she was the one behind your injuries, so I terminated her contracts.
”
“Do you know how she died?” Flossie asked, calming herself.
Colin shook his head.
“I never wanted that.
I had someone investigate after it happened, and they ruled it an accident.
Apparently, she fell.
”
“An accident?” Flossie frowned.
This reason was not very convincing.
“I questioned the results too, but the police closed the case.
” Colin shrugged.
Flossie remained silent, lost in thought.
In reality, she was a bit relieved.
At the very least, some of what Edmund said was true.
Colin disposed of the empty bowl and returned to her bedside.
“Why are you suddenly asking about her? Is everything okay?”
Flossie snapped back to the present and shook her head.
“Just curious… I feel something’s off about her death.
”
###chapter1682
“You need rest.
The doctor said to take it easy.
Don’t worry about any of this.
” He helped her lie down.
Flossie stayed in the hospital overnight with Colin by her side.
The next morning, Flossie woke from a restful sleep, the previous day’s unease fading slightly.
As she went to get up, she turned and saw Colin asleep on the edge of the bed.
He slept deeply, but the uncomfortable position etched worry lines on his face.
There was a shallow stubble clinging to his jaw.
Flossie decided to let him sleep.
Moments later, perhaps sensing her gaze, Colin stirred and slowly opened his eyes.
He looked up to see Flossie leaning against the bed.
“Awake already? How are you feeling?”
Flossie gave a small nod.
“Much better.
The doctor just checked on me and said I can be discharged.
Could you help with the paperwork?”
Colin sprang up.
“Of course, I’ll get it right away.
”
By the time he returned, Flossie had packed her things and was perched on the bed’s edge.
She looked at him hesitantly.
“Could you take me home?”
She was suddenly in an urgent situation in the taxi yesterday.
The thought of being alone and vulnerable again filled her with dread.
After a brief pause, Colin agreed.
They left the hospital together.
Colin asked Flossie to wait at the entrance while he fetched his car.
‘s BunnyBookery
Once settled in the car, Colin drove her home, following the address she provided.
The ride was quiet, neither venturing a word.
They pulled up to her apartment building, but Colin was still a bit worried.
He got out of the car with her.
“Let me walk you up.
I just want to make sure you’re settled in safely.
”
Flossie didn’t refuse his offer.
“Okay, thank you,” she said softly.
They rode the elevator together, Flossie leading the way out on the floor.
She opened the door and was about to say goodbye to Colin, but a sudden grip startled her.
Benny, who’d been searching for Flossie all day, emerged from the bedroom at the sound.
He pulled Flossie into a protective embrace, his gaze immediately flickering to Colin standing outside.
Benny’s expression hardened in vigilance.
He released Flossie and pulled her behind him.
Although Colin didn’t like Benny, he didn’t want to make things difficult for Flossie.
“I just sent Flossie back.
I’ll go ahead.
”
###chapter1683
After saying this, he turned around to leave.
However, Benny quickly grabbed his collar and asked coldly, “Did you take Flossie away?”
Benny’s eyes were bloodshot.
He obviously hadn’t slept all night.
His movements were not gentle at all.
He pulled Colin’s collar so hard that Colin felt pain.
“You bastard!”
Colin cursed through clenched teeth.
He tried to pull Benny’s hand off, but he failed.
No matter how hard he tried, his strength was no match for Benny.
He could only order with a sullen face, “Let go of me.
”
But Benny refused to let him go.
“Where did you take Flossie?”
“It’s none of your business.
I said let go!”
Colin had been displeased with Benny for a long time.
Now that Benny refused to let him go, he lost his temper.
He cursed and punched Benny.
The atmosphere was already tense.
Since Colin made the first move, they immediately started a fight.
They threw hard punches at each other.
When Flossie saw that neither of them was willing to give in, she stood at the side to avoid being hit.
She could not get close to them, so she could only shout with a frown, “Stop it!”
When Colin and Benny heard this, they stopped hitting each other.
But they still looked at each other fiercely.
“Colin…” Flossie closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and said, “You should leave first.
I have something to talk with him.
”
Colin looked at Flossie worriedly.
But when he saw her resolute expression, he had no choice but to agree.
Before he left, he turned to Benny and threatened, “Remember, if you dare to let Flossie get into the hospital again, I will definitely make you suffer.
”
Then, he turned around and left.
Colin had already left when Benny slowly came back to his senses.
He suddenly recalled Colin mentioning the hospital.
He held Flossie’s hands, checked her from head to toe, and asked nervously, “Did you go to the hospital? What happened? Are you hurt somewhere?”
“It’s nothing.
I’m fine now.
”
When Flossie looked at him and saw the concern in his eyes, mixed emotions filled her heart.
She pulled her hands from Benny’s grip and walked into the apartment.
Benny quickly walked up to her and sincerely apologized, “What happened yesterday was all my fault.
I’m sorry.
Don’t be angry now, okay? I promise I will never hide anything from you again.
”
Flossie looked at Benny with an expressionless face.
Instead of answering him directly, she asked, “Have you known for a long time that Edmund is my father?”
###chapter1684
Benny was stunned for a moment.
Then, he nodded slowly.
Because of this, Flossie became agitated again.
She asked, “If so, why didn’t you tell me?”
She fixed her eyes on Benny, waiting for his reasonable explanation.
“I have been wanting to tell you.
But Edmund wanted you to accept him slowly, so he asked me to hide it from you.
I had no choice, Benny said truthfully.
”
Flossie smiled and said in a self-deprecating tone, “Just because he is your business partner? He told you to hide it from me, so you did? Am I less important than an outsider in your eyes? Are you not worried that he only made up that story to make you loyal to him?”
“No, he will not do that.
” Benny wanted to say something more.
After a moment’s hesitation, he decided to tell the truth.
“I secretly took your hair for a paternity test.
He is indeed your biological father.
”
Upon hearing this, Flossie had mixed feelings.
She was at a loss for words.
Benny noticed her silence, and she seemed like she had lost her soul.
He held her in his arms and apologized.
“I am so sorry.
It was all my fault.
I should have confessed to you earlier.
At least I shouldn’t have let you find out the truth in this way.
Don’t be angry now, okay? If you are still angry, hit me.
Beat me until you vent your anger.
But please, just don’t run away from home again.
”
Flossie didn’t resist when he hugged her.
After a while, she raised her head, looked at him, and said, “I don’t blame you anymore.
It has nothing to do with you, after all.
I only reacted that way yesterday because I couldn’t accept it at first.
”
Flossie thought about it overnight.
Perhaps Benny hid the truth from her because he was afraid that she wouldn’t be able to accept it and might do something reckless when she found out the truth.
Edmund must have thought the same.
That was why he chose to take a step-by-step approach with her.
Flossie couldn’t keep calm when something happened in surprise.
Benny, on the other hand, was surprised.
He didn’t expect Flossie to accept this fact so soon.
He also felt sorry for her.
He reached out, stroked her hair, and said, “I know, and I understand your feelings.
It will take a long time for anyone to accept such a major change.
Don’t blame yourself.
”
Flossie buried her face in his arms and closed her eyes, feeling relieved.
After a while, Benny’s voice sounded again.
“Flossie, let’s get married.
”
His voice was very gentle but firm.
It was as if he had made up his mind.
“What did you say?” Flossie lifted her head, eyes wide with disbelief as she stared at Benny.
Could it be a proposal?
Was he proposing to her just now?
Uncertain if she was caught in an illusion Flossie responded, her voice tinged with bewilderment, “Say it again”
###chapter1685
“Let’s get married.
I’ll always be with you and take care of you from now on,” Benny declared earnestly, his arms enfolding her tightly.
Tears sprang to Flossie’s eyes.
She had longed for this moment for what seemed like forever, yet had never dared to hope for it-knowing Benny had never fully released his heart from Evelyn’s memory.
Yet, here he was, proposing to her.
Benny noticed her prolonged silence and whispered, “Don’t you want to?”
How could she be unwilling to marry him? Flossie even felt that she was still dreaming.
Overwhelmed, she stammered, “Yes, I do.
I do.
I do.
”
With a tender gaze, Benny leaned down and ki*sed her gently, his lips tender and full of love.
Flossie closed her eyes, her heart nearly bursting from his affection.
After their ki*s, Benny took her hand and led her to the Living room.
He poured her a glass of water and after a pause, he asked gently, “Before we get married, would you like to see Edmund?”
Flossie’s grip on the glass tightened momentarily before she shook her head.
“No, I don’t want to see him.
”
Having been an orphan for over twenty years, the sudden appearance of a father was too much for her to process.
She didn’t know how to face him.
Sensing her discomfort, Benny chose not to press the issue, wary of causing her further distress as had happened the day before.
He held her hands tenderly and assured her, “If you don’t want to see him, then we won’t.
There’s plenty of time.
We can arrange a meeting whenever you’re ready.
”
Flossie nodded.
“Have some rest now.
I’ll be here with you.
”
Flossie nodded again.
Despite having managed to sleep in the hospital the previous night, it had been a fitful rest, marred by the unfamiliar surroundings and Colin’s presence.
As she entered the bedroom and was about to lie down, a sudden recollection stopped her-Stella had called yesterday.
She asked Benny to fetch her phone, and she quickly reassured Stella that she was safe before closing her eyes to rest.
Maybe it was the exhaustion, or perhaps it was Benny’s calming presence, but Flossie quickly fell into a deep sleep.
She awoke in the evening to find Benny sitting by the bed, watching her with a gentle expression.
Embarrassed, she buried her face in his chest.
“Why are you looking at me like that?”
Holding her hand, he ki*sed it softly and said, “Because I love watching you.
I don’t think I’ll ever get enough of this.
”
A warm, sweet feeling spread through Flossie’s heart.
###chapter1686
“I’ve slept so long.
Have you been here the whole time?”
Benny nodded.
Flossie lowered her head.
“You should go ahead with your work.
I’m fine now.
”
“I just want to be with you today.
” He smiled warmly.
“Get up.
I’ll take you out for dinner, and as my gift for the proposal, I’ll buy you a ring.
”
Flossie’s spirits lifted further.
The thought of the proposal made her heart flutter with happiness.
She got up, freshened up, dressed in her most beautiful dress, and left with Benny, arm in arm, to go shopping.
Together, they strolled into a jewelry store where they were immediately greeted by an enthusiastic shop assistant.
“sir, madam, are you two looking to choose a wedding ring?”
“It’s a proposal ring,” Flossie murmured, her cheeks coloring with a blush.
Upon hearing this, the shop assistant swiftly showcased a variety of diamond rings, each meticulously described.
Overwhelmed by the sparkling choices, Flossie turned to Benny, seeking his guidance.
Benny gave her hand a reassuring squeeze and encouraged, “Just choose the one y
ou like.
”
Trying on each ring, Flossie found herself unable to decide.
Just as they were discussing the rings, a sudden scream pierced the air.
Three masked men, fully armed, burst into the shop.
“Don’t move! ALL of you!” one of the intruders shouted, waving his gun menacingly at the shop assistants.
“Everyone, down on the ground!”
Chaos erupted in the shop.
People huddled together, fear rippling through the crowd.
Flossie trembled uncontrollably, her hand instinctively flying to her belly to cradle her unborn child.
Benny’s eyes narrowed.
He protectively positioned himself in front of Flossie, his voice low and serious.
“It’s a robbery.
”
“Robbery?” The word sent a fresh wave of terror through Flossie.
She’d never witnessed anything Like this.
Sensing her fear, Benny squeezed her hand reassuringly.
“Don’t worry,” he murmured, “I’m here.
”
He scanned the three robbers.
Two ransacked the store, while the third kept a menacing watch on the customers, presumably to prevent anyone from calling the police.
“Everyone on the floor! Empty your pockets!” a harsh voice barked.
Fear paralyzed the customers, and they complied, hastily emptying their bags.
###chapter1687
The red-haired robber surveyed the scene with a smirk, picking out what he deemed valuable.
He caught Benny’s unwavering gaze and scowled.
“You looking at something? Down on the floor!” he snarled, brandishing his gun at Benny.
Benny remained standing.
He had an old leg injury that wasn’t fully healed.
He couldn’t squat down.
But that wasn’t the only reason.
He simply didn’t take this man seriously, let alone fear him.
The red-haired man felt the contempt radiating from Benny.
He Lunged forward, anger twisting his face, and kicked Benny in the leg.
“Are you deaf? Didn’t you hear me?”
The force of the blow knocked Benny off balance, sending him to one knee.
Despite the pain, he kept Flossie shielded with his body.
The red-haired man’s gaze landed on Flossie, a cruel smile twisting his lips.
“Playing hero for the damsel in distress, huh? Good job lover boy!”
He reveled in the flash of humiliation that crossed Benny’s face.
Turning to the crowd, he barked, “See what happens when you disobey!”
Disdain dripping from his voice, he readied himself to kick Benny again.
Flossie noticed and her anxiety spiked, worried about Benny’s injured leg.
Before the red-haired robber could react, she grabbed Benny’s shoulder and fiercely interjected, “Leave him alone! I have money!”
Flinging her bag open, she emptied its contents onto the floor.
“Here!” she cried, locking eyes with the red-haired man.
“Just don’t hurt him!”
The other robbers finished looting and urged the red-haired man to hurry.
“We need to go.
Too many people around.
Cops might be on their way.
”
The red-haired man disagreed.
“No need to worry.
These cowards won’t even think about calling the cops.
”
His gaze fixed on Flossie.
He licked his lips and remarked, “What’s good about this guy? He’s a coward, hiding behind a woman when things get rough.
”
He chuckled menacingly, stooped, and inched closer to Flossie.
Instinctively, Flossie stepped back, but the man reached out to clamp her chin.
With a stern expression, Benny shoved the man’s hand away.
“Hands off.
If you’ve got guts, come at me.
”
The red-haired man bristled.
“You’re a little plaything, and can’t even defend yourself.
Yet you strut around like a hero in front of a woman.
What if I decide I want your woman? Can you stop me?”
He advanced provocatively.
Benny delivered a solid punch to his face.
Caught off guard, the red-haired man stumbled back a pace.
His lip curled, a hint of blood at the corner fueling his fury.
“f@ck! Teach this arrogant punk a lesson!”
###chapter1688
His two friends were enraged and swiftly joined in, landing several blows on Benny.
Soon, the trio engaged in a brawl, eventually overpowering Benny and flooring him.
It was a two against one, after all.
“Still feeling c@@ky? Where’s that bravado now?” The red-haired man aimed his gun at Benny’s back.
Flossie’s heart jolted.
“No! Stop! What’s your price? I’ll pay it! I’m begging you.
Don’t hurt him.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
She instinctively rushed forward.
“It’s dangerous.
Stay back!” Benny struggled to free himself from the assailants.
“How dare you move? If I can’t finish you off, I’ll take out your woman.
” The red-haired man redirected his aim from Benny to Flossie.
“How dare you! Stop!” Benny’s eyes widened.
Unmoved, the red-haired man squeezed the trigger.
In the split second the shot rang out, Benny broke free, darting toward Flossie.
In that critical moment, Flossie found herself shielded by a man, taking the bullet intended for her.
Flossie trembled uncontrollably as she heard a muffled groan.
Lifting her head, she saw Edmund’s face.
Her eyes widened in shock.
“You… Why.
.
“
She couldn’t finish her sentence when she noticed the gunshot wound in his arm, the blood soaking his shirt.
Flossie hadn’t expected him to appear, let alone get injured while trying to save her.
Her eyes reddened, fear rendering her speechless.
Edmund’s face contorted in pain as he clutched his arm, trying to slow the bleeding.
Yet, he managed to reassure her, “Don’t worry.
It’s just a scratch.
I’ll be fine.
”
Flossie wept, shaking her head and mouthing words she couldn’t voice.
A flicker of pity crossed Edmund’s eyes, the sight of her tears more agonizing than his wound.
His men swiftly apprehended the three robbers.
It seemed someone in the mall had discreetly called the police, as they arrived shortly after.
As the situation calmed, Flossie’s legs gave out.
Benny caught her just in time, preventing her from collapsing.
Glancing at Edmund’s injured arm, Benny addressed Flossie with calm.
“Let’s get Mr.
Hanson to the hospital.
He needs medical attention.
”
Flossie nodded, feeling completely lost.
At the hospital, as the doctor treated Edmund, Flossie sat outside on a chair, staring blankly at the blood on her hands, lost in her chaotic thoughts.
Benny approached with a wet tissue, sat beside Flossie, and carefully cleaned her hands.
“I’m sorry.
Since finding out you were back, Edmund has been eager to meet you.
I messaged him before Leaving the apartment.
But I never expected this kind of accident to occur.
###chapter1689
Flossie stared at him, taken aback, and then her expression softened.
It made sense now why Edmund had unexpectedly appeared at the store.
Once he finished wiping her hands, Benny set the tissue aside and grasped her hands firmly.
“It’s clear to me that Edmund really cares about you.
He wouldn’t have exposed himself to danger to protect you if he didn’t.
I hope you’ll consider not pushing him away.
Give him a chance, and give yourself one too.
”
Flossie bit her lip, her mind seemingly elsewhere.
As a child, she had longed for a father, but as the years passed with no one showing up, she had let go of that hope.
She had been on her own for so many years.
Now, having come to terms with her past, Edmund’s sudden appearance was confusing.
She felt she was beyond the age of needing a father, unsure of how to interact with him now.
Flossie remained silent, and Benny didn’t push her.
He didn’t want to overwhelm her.
He lifted her hand to his lips and ki*sed it gently.
“I didn’t say this to pressure you.
You can make your own choices.
Whether you’re Edmund’s daughter or not, I’ll stand by you.
”
As soon as Benny finished talking, the door to the consulting room swung open and Edmund emerged.
His sleeve was torn away, revealing a freshly bandaged wound.
Flossie immediately stood, her expression filled with concern.
The doctor gave them a reassuring look and announced, “The injury isn’t severe.
It’s just a surface scratch.
He’ll be fine with some rest.
”
He shared a few care tips and suggested they head home.
Relief washed over Flossie upon hearing the doctor.
After a brief pause, she turned to Edmund and said, “Make sure you rest up and don’t hesitate to call me if you need anything.
You got hurt on my account.
I’ll take care of you until your wound is healed.
”
Her voice was neutral, hinting she could be trying to put some distance between them.
Edmund’s brow furrowed.
As she began to walk away, he acted on impulse and reached out to grab her.
Flossie halted.
She wasn’t accustomed to Edmund’s touch, yet she didn’t pull away.
Instead, she simply turned to face him.
In a straightforward tone, Edmund said, “It was only right for me to help you.
Don’t worry about it.
I owe you a lot.
Even if it cost me my life today, I’d still see it as justified.
”
When Flossie heard Edmund’s words, a wave of conflicting emotions washed over her.
She fought back tears, biting her lip to hold them back.
Taking a deep breath, she replied, “Don’t say that.
Life’s what matters most.
”
Despite her cool exterior, her eyes softened, revealing her true feelings.
Seizing the moment, Edmund offered his apology, his voice filled with sincerity.
“I had no choice but to leave back then, and I know I hurt you.
If you can’t forgive me, I’ll accept that.
But please, give me a chance to make things right.
I never got the chance to love your mother as I should have.
Let me still be there for you.
I won’t ask for anything more.
”
###chapter1690
His eyes welled up with tears as he spoke from the heart.
Flossie felt a bitterness rise within her.
She was overwhelmed, unsure how to respond.
Avoiding his gaze, she lowered her head, lost for words.
Though disappointment flickered across his face, Edmund nodded understandingly, recognizing her inner turmoil.
He let go of her arm, a casual grin spreading across his face.
“No worries.
No need to feel burdened.
Your safety and well-being are what matters most to me.
If you’d rather not see me again, I understand.
I just want you to be okay.
”
When she met his disappointed gaze, Flossie’s heart softened.
She said softly, “I’ll give it a shot.
”
Edmund couldn’t believe his ears.
“Seriously?” he exclaimed, taken aback.
Flossie nodded, her voice gentle.
“But I’ve been on my own for so long.
I need some time to adjust.
Edmund’s eyes lit up with joy.
“Of course, take all the time you need,” he said happily.
Caught in his hopeful gaze, Flossie struggled to find the right words.
Eventually, she simply remained quiet.
Stella and Matthew arrived at the band’s concert venue.
The hall was deserted, except for the two of them.
Taking her seat, Stella spotted Thea on stage.
She shot Matthew a surprised look.
Matthew grinned.
“I’ve been meaning for us to catch this together.
Last time, we missed out, and I regretted it.
Tonight’s our chance to make up for it.
”
Stella’s mind raced, memories flooding back.
It felt like a lifetime had passed since then.
Beside Matthew, Stella savored the music, letting it weave its spell around her.
Even after leaving the concert hall, its melodies lingered, trailing them to the restaurant where they settled for dinner.
“Thea is amazing.
After all these years, she still mesmerizes everyone.
Every time she plays, it’s like magic!” Stella exclaimed, her admiration for the musician evident.
“I always wanted to catch her live, but tickets were always sold out.
Tonight, though, I’m beyond satisfied.
”
Matthew grinned, placing a juicy steak before her.
“If you like, we can do this more often in the future.
But let’s eat for now.
”
His words reminded Stella of how hungry she really was.
So she smiled and began to eat the steak he had already cut for her.
After a few bites, she looked up at Matthew with a curious expression.
“You’re acting differently today.
What’s up?”
Matthew raised an eyebrow, curious.
“What do you mean?”
Stella glanced at the flickering candlelight on the table, taking in the thoughtful details of their evening together.
“You arranged the concert, this romantic dinner…”
###chapter1691
Pausing, she adopted a more serious tone.
“Tell me the truth, are you feeling guilty about something?”
Matthew gazed boldly into Stella’s eyes and said, “I see.
You’re fretting over this.
If that’s the case, you can shadow me all you want.
I’m cool with being under your watch.
”
Stella shot him a glare.
“I haven’t got time for all that.
”
Then she lowered her head and continued to eat.
With a grin, Matthew stayed silent.
They headed home after dinner, and then lounged on the bed after the shower, soaking in the tranquility.
Matthew hugged Stella, murmuring softly, “Only three days to go till the big day.
Make a wish.
Whatever you desire, it’s yours.
”
Nestled in his embrace, Stella felt his warmth, finding solace.
But when talk turned to wishes, her eyes held a hint of change.
After pondering, she said, “Things are good now.
I’m content with you and our family and friends.
But my one wish might be finding my mom.
”
Growing up, she only had Clint.
Now signs pointed to Bella Likely being her mother.
Hope flickered within her.
The wedding meant the world to her and she wanted her mom there to witness her happiness and give her blessings.
Matthew wasn’t taken aback by her wish.
He squeezed her hand, promising, “After the wedding, I’ll make sure you and Bella have a good chat.
”
Stella nodded and went silent.
If Bella was her real mom, would she even accept her? This thought worried Stella.
She and Elizabeth clashed before and Bella adored Elizabeth.
Stella was a stranger to Bella, while Elizabeth was her pride and joy.
Would there be any love left for her?
Seeing her gloomy expression, Matthew felt a pang.
He ki*sed her.
“Don’t overthink.
If Bella’s your mom, great.
If not, I’ll still help you find her.
You’re my wife, always.
”
Stella nodded, touched.
She hugged him, ki*sed him, and sighed, “Thank heavens for you.
When I’m down, you’re here.
Grandpa’s aging; I hate to trouble him.
”
Matthew’s heart ached.
He murmured her name huskily, ki*sing her gently.
“Wish I’d met you sooner and protected you.
From now on, I’m by your side, always.
”
Her eyes welled up.
She held him close, ki*sing him passionately.
Matthew responded eagerly, their ki*ses growing heated.
Stella felt the room spin with heat as they drew closer.
Matthew held her close, hands wandering beneath her pajamas, drawing her nearer.
###chapter1692
As they connected, both couldn’t help but let out a groan.
Stella couldn’t suppress her moans, soft as a cat’s purr.
But soon, she grew bashful, sealing her lips tight.
“Don’t hold back,” Matthew urged, eyebrows raised.
“Let it out.
”
After so long together, they knew each other’s bodies well.
The room grew warmer, filled with Stella’s delighted cries.
Matthew nuzzled into her neck, quickening his pace, ki*sing her skin.
Stella’s legs instinctively wrapped around Matthew’s sturdy waist, clinging to him, basking in the moment’s warmth.
Her nails, slightly long, left crescent marks on his skin.
“Matthew.
”
Stella’s voice echoed, her body tensing, reaching a trembling climax.
With reddened eyes, Matthew held her close, feeling the pressure tighten around him.
He relaxed, nestling into her collarbone, softly ki*sing every inch of her skin.
The next morning, Flossie woke up to an empty room.
Rubbing her eyes, she spotted a box sitting on the bedside table, sporting the same logo as yesterday’s jewelry shop.
Her eyes lit up as she cracked open the box, revealing the sparkling diamond ring she’d set her heart on.
She blinked in surprise, guessing it was Benny’s doing.
With the box in hand, she got out of bed and was just about to open the door when it swung open and in walked Benny.
He looked startled, clearly not expecting Flossie to be up so early.
‘s BunnyBookery
His gaze fell on the gift box in her hand.
“When did you get the diamond ring?” Flossie asked him straight up.
After leaving the hospital last night, they’d headed straight home.
Benny had stuck to her side the whole time.
Spotting her bare feet, Benny frowned and guided her to the bed, crouching down to slip her shoes on.
“I got it after you dozed off last night.
I could tell you had your eyes on it.
”
Once her shoes were on, he gently took the fancy box from her grasp and revealed the diamond ring.
Dropping to one knee, he gazed at her expectantly.
“Flossie, will you marry me?”
Flossie was taken aback, deeply touched by his gesture.
She grabbed Benny, wrapping her arms around his neck, beaming.
“Absolutely, yes!”
Benny grinned, slipping the ring onto her finger and then lifting her hand to his lips for a ki*s.
“I’m sorry.
This ring’s not the fanciest but, I promise, when I’m raking it in, you’ll get the sparkliest diamond and a bash to match.
”
###chapter1693
Flossie shook her head gently.
“Hey, no need to stress about it.
You know I’m not about the bling.
I just want you, plain and simple, forever.
”
Benny held her close, his silence speaking volumes as his gaze grew intense.
Meanwhile, Bella and Elizabeth breezed into Seamarsh earlier than expected, running into Andrew at the airport.
“What a lucky coincidence, bumping into you, Andrew,” Elizabeth chirped, all smiles.
Andrew approached, his expression neutral.
Bella eyed them, surprised.
As far as she recalled, this was the first time Elizabeth had been so warm to Andrew since their breakup.
She wondered what had shifted between them.
Elizabeth, still smiling, looped her arm through his.
Andrew tensed, wanting to pull away, but Elizabeth’s grip held firm.
With a silent warning in her eyes and a hushed tone, she said, “You’re not backing out on me, right?”
Andrew relented, stopping his attempt to pull away.
Elizabeth finally grinned, satisfied.
She turned to Bella, explaining, “Mom, I want to attend Matthew and Stella’s wedding with this guy.
”
“Did you two get back together?”
Bella looked at Andrew.
Andrew stayed quiet.
Elizabeth frowned, pinching his arm with faux cheeriness.
“I’ve invested in a TV series project lately.
Came to Seamarsh for some set exploration.
I received this wedding invite from the Prosperity Group CEO,” Andrew rattled off, dodging Bella’s query but dropping some random information.
Bella bought it.
She hoped her daughter and Andrew would rekindle their flame.
They’d had a thing before and everyone could see how well Andrew treated Elizabeth.
Plus, if Elizabeth and Andrew got back on track, maybe she’d ease off her Matthew fixation.
Bella smiled, offering, “First time in Seamarsh, huh? Any problems, you ring me up.
”
“Sure thing, thanks for the thought,” Andrew replied.
Elizabeth beamed at Andrew but her mind was elsewhere, plotting away.
The trio had their own agendas swirling.
###chapter1694
As they left the airport, a car was waiting by the curb.
Andrew turned to them and asked politely, “I’ve already rented a car.
Can I give you a ride to the hotel so you can rest?”
Bella and Elizabeth agreed and joined him in the car.
They drove smoothly along the road, enveloped in silence.
Bella, tired from the long journey, began to feel sleepy.
Suddenly, a harsh impact jolted the rear of the car, causing it to shake violently.
The driver immediately brought the car to a stop.
Shaken, Elizabeth exclaimed, “What just happened?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Bella’s eyes snapped open.
The force of the collision momentarily clouded her thoughts, and then unfamiliar images flooded her mind.
She winced, her head throbbing painfully.
“You two stay here.
I’ll go check what’s going on,” Andrew said gravely.
“What bad luck! I just came back and this happens,” Elizabeth muttered, annoyed.
She glanced back and saw a car stopped behind theirs.
Andrew and the driver were talking to someone from the other vehicle.
Elizabeth turned back to Bella and noticed she seemed off.
“Mom?” she called a few times, but Bella didn’t answer.
Bella murmured to herself, lost in some distressing memory.
Elizabeth bowed her head, catching fragments of her words.
Kori Thompson?
Her heart raced at the unfamiliar name.
Could Bella have known someone by that name in the past? What could she recall?
“This isn’t good,” Elizabeth muttered, hurrying to assist Bella out of the car.
She turned to Andrew.
“Mom isn’t feeling well.
I need to get her to the hospital.
”
With that, she hailed a taxi and whisked Bella away, ignoring Andrew’s reaction.
By the time they reached the hospital, Bella was nearly unconscious.
Elizabeth, standing in the hallway, bit her lip in worry.
After the examination, the doctor emerged, offering reassurance.
“The patient is stable.
It seems she was just scared.
She’ll be fine to go home once she wakes up.
”
He handed Elizabeth some prescriptions, which she accepted without a glance.
Once outside the doctor’s office, she discarded the medicines into a trash bin without a second look.
###chapter1695
Not long after she came into the ward, Bella woke up.
She scanned the room, her confusion evident.
“What’s wrong with me?”
Elizabeth held back her irritation and explained, “Someone hit our car from behind earlier.
I brought you to the hospital because you weren’t feeling well.
The doctor says you’re okay, just a bit shaken up.
How are you feeling now? Still dizzy?”
She carefully avoided mentioning the name Bella had uttered in the car, opting to describe the situation in broad strokes instead.
Bella seemed deep in thought and remained silent.
“If you’re feeling better, we could head back to the hotel,”
Elizabeth suggested.
Bella gave a nod of agreement.
They left the hospital and made their way to the hotel.
Elizabeth accompanied Bella to her room and helped her settle into bed.
“Rest up for now.
Let me know if you need anything,” she said, preparing to leave the room.
However, as she turned to go, Bella stopped her.
“Do you know who Kori Thompson is?”
Elizabeth was startled and clenched her fists involuntarily, but quickly regained her composure.
“I don’t know.
Is that someone you know? I’ve never heard that name before.
The doctor mentioned you might say odd things because you’re stressed.
Try to rest now.
Don’t worry about it too much.
”
“Really?” Bella frowned.
When she uttered that name, a fleeting, inexplicable emotion passed through her, leaving her puzzled.
Perhaps she was overthinking things.
At least she couldn’t recall anyone named Kori.
Lost in thought, she drifted off to sleep.
After Bella had fallen asleep, Elizabeth got a call from Andrew.
She quietly closed the door before answering.
“Is Bella okay?” Andrew’s voice sounded through the phone.
“She’s out of the hospital now.
The doctor says she’s doing well,”
Elizabeth responded succinctly.
She didn’t really have much to say to Andrew.
His main concern was Bella, so once he heard she was alright, he ended the call.
Elizabeth then took the elevator to the ground floor, planning to grab a coffee at the hotel’s coffee shop and ponder her next move.
As she entered the coffee shop, a group walked into the hotel.
The person leading them was Emil.
He was chatting with his companions when he glanced up and spotted someone he thought was Stella.
“Go on up without me,” he told his group.
“I’ve spotted someone I know.
I’ll catch up after saying hello.
”
Once he finished speaking, he turned and made his way to the coffee shop.
But upon reaching it, he realized he had confused the wrong person.
###chapter1696
Emil was taken aback for a moment, and then chuckled quietly to himself, astonished at his mistake.
Turning to leave, he suddenly overheard the woman on the phone mention Bella’s name.
Bella blurting out Kori’s name got Elizabeth all riled up.
She worried Bella might remember the past, so she called Bella’s doctor for more medication.
“Can you up the dosage?” she whispered.
Then she noticed someone entering the coffee shop.
She thought that only the staff were around at this time until a man caught her eye.
She frowned, hung up, and got ready to bolt.
The man grabbed her coffee from a waiter and slid into the seat across from her.
Elizabeth eyed him warily but stayed silent.
Emil didn’t rush to speak either and just let her stare.
After hearing her mention Bella’s name, he had already figured out the identity of the woman in front of him.
He’d heard about her and Stella’s drama when working with Matthew.
Seeing her now, he knew the gossip was true.
The woman did bear a striking resemblance to Stella.
“Elizabeth?” He finally spoke.
“I’m Emil Morgan.
It’s a pleasure meeting you.
”
She shot him a cold look.
“Why should I care who you are?”
Emil, having heard tales of Elizabeth’s attitude, wasn’t bothered by her rejection.
He just grinned and said, “You’re spirited but some things are better left unsaid early on.
I’m keen on befriending you.
”
Elizabeth, icy as ever, shot back, “I have enough friends already.
”
Why would she want to be friends with a middle-aged man?
Emil stayed cool.
He whipped out a business card, slid it over, and said, “Hey, another friend means more opportunities.
Here’s my card.
If you ever need a hand in Seamarsh, hit me up anytime.
”
Then he sprang up, settled the tab, and departed.
Flossie and Benny swung by to see Edmund.
A servant guided them to the living room, saying, “Hang tight.
Mr.
Hanson’s changing the dressing for his wound, but he’ll be with you soon.
”
Coffee was served and the servant made her exit, shutting the door behind her.
A bit later, Edmund strolled out from a nearby room, trailed by another servant.
Seeing Flossie sitting there, Edmund felt like maybe this wasn’t just a dream after all.
He reined in his excitement and ordered the nearby servant, “Fetch us some cake.
”
He figured girls liked sweet treats.
The servant nodded, and then asked before leaving, “Should I bring the soup that was ready earlier?”
“Later.
Edmund moved over to Flossie, plopping down across from her.
”
“What brings you here today? I just asked for cake.
Is there anything else you need? I can have them sort it.
”
He rattled off as he was clearly jittery.
“Nothing, thanks,” Flossie declined with a smile.
Edmund seemed much improved.
Flossie breathed a sigh of relief but still had concerns.
“How are you feeling? Any better?”
Edmund brushed off his injury.
“It’s no biggie.
Don’t fret.
”
The conversation hit a snag after that.
After a brief pause, Edmund turned to Flossie.
“The servant mentioned that the soup was ready.
Do you mind fetching it from the kitchen?”
Flossie, battling against awkwardness, felt relieved to hear that.
She nodded, rose, exited, and shut the door behind her.
Once Flossie left, Edmund’s gentle facade vanished.
He turned to Benny, all serious.
“Matthew’s wedding is around the corner.
Is everything sorted?”
###chapter1697
Flossie headed to the kitchen to convey Edmund’s order to the servant.
While the servant was preparing the soup, Flossie seized the moment to inquire about Edmund’s food preferences and life.
She asked, “What does Mr.
Hanson enjoy eating?”
This marked the first instance of a guest visiting Edmund’s residence.
Observing Edmund’s friendly demeanor toward Flossie, the servant willingly shared information about his culinary preferences.
The servant remarked, “Mr.
Hanson isn’t particular about food; he leans toward lighter flavors.
”
Keeping that in mind, Flossie continued to ask, “Does Mr.
Hanson have a busy work schedule? What are his daily work hours?”
She was a little embarrassed to ask those questions, but since she had promised Edmund to accept him as her father slowly, she also wanted to know more about him and do something for him.
The servant placed the soup on the tray and responded vaguely, “Mr.
Hanson resides in Seamarsh for only one month annually; his presence here is infrequent.
Our knowledge regarding his work is limited.
”
Flossie found the response unexpected and felt a tinge of curiosity.
Wasn’t this Edmund’s residence in Seamarsh? If he was seldom here, where did he reside?
However, based on Benny’s information about Edmund’s predominantly overseas business, Flossie inferred that Edmund likely had a hectic schedule.
This rationale seemed plausible.
Flossie posed several additional inquiries about Edmund, yet the servant consistently responded, “I’m not sure.
”
Unable to obtain further information, Flossie chose not to press the servant further and exited the kitchen with the soup.
Upon her return to the living room’s door, Flossie steadied the tray in her hand and proceeded to push the door open.
She could hear the voices of Edmund and Benny emanating from inside.
The tone in their voices carried a hint of seriousness, w
hich seemed different from when they were in her presence.
Furthermore, she caught a vague hint of their discussion about heavy weapons.
Realizing that they were still in the midst of their conversation, she decided to wait outside for a while before entering the room.
However, as she turned, she caught the mention of Matthew’s name.
Flossie halted, her mind buzzing with thoughts.
Just as she was about to continue eavesdropping, the servant’s voice interrupted her from behind.
“Miss, would you like assistance in opening the door? Is it inconvenient for you?”
The servant initially opposed Flossie bringing the soup alone, but Flossie insisted, leading to the servant’s concession.
However, fearing Edmund’s possible reprimand, the servant decided to accompany Flossie.
Flossie felt a sudden surge of nervousness upon hearing the servant’s voice.
Worried about being perceived as intentionally eavesdropping, she spoke up Louder, requesting assistance with a casual tone.
“Could you lend me a hand?”
###chapter1698
Striving for a natural tone, she modulated her voice carefully.
The servant was poised to intervene, yet Benny preemptively opened the door.
Benny quietly studied Flossie’s expression.
“Since I was returning here anyway, I brought the freshly made soup myself,” Flossie explained with a slight smile, her eyes lowered.
“It’s still hot from the pot, and I worried it might spill, hence the request for assistance.
Please help me with it.
”
Not detecting any change in her expression, Benny ceased observing her and assumed responsibility for the tray, displaying a slight sense of guilt.
“I apologize.
I should have accompanied you.
It’s safer to entrust such tasks to the servant to avoid any accidental harm,” he said.
“I’m quite resilient,” Flossie remarked as she entered behind him, closing the door and exhaling a silent sigh of relief.
When she sat back on the sofa, Edmund observed her for a while.
Upon noticing no change in her demeanor, Edmund’s concerns eased, and he sipped the soup with a sense of relief.
A sudden silence enveloped the room.
Considering the recent conversation she had overheard, Flossie took a brief pause and casually inquired of Edmund, “By the way, what was your occupation in the past?”
Edmund paused briefly before responding, “I oversee a company based in Dorburn, and it keeps me quite occupied.
Why do you ask?”
Flossie nodded gently and remarked, “Oh, nothing in particular.
It’s quite common to be occupied with work.
Take Benny, for instance.
He’s been quite engaged lately since he started cooperating with you, heading out early and returning late.
However, it’s crucial to always adhere to legal standards and regulations, regardless of the tasks at hand.
Accumulating excessive wealth isn’t necessary.
Above all, steer clear of anything risky.
”
Edmund set down his bowl, alert but maintaining a calm exterior.
He turned to Flossie and asked, “Why bring this up all of a sudden?”
Flossie, careful not to let on anything, replied casually, “Oh, it’s nothing.
I just tend to worry about safety, that’s all.
”
As she glanced around the spacious room, she commented, “You must be doing well to live in such a grand villa.
Wealth often attracts danger, doesn’t it? I just want my family to be healthy and safe.
”
The mention of “family” warmed Edmund’s heart, interpreting it as a sign of acceptance from Flossie.
He didn’t press her further.
“There’s no need to worry.
I’ve got it under control,” he assured her with a warm smile.
“And now that I’ve finally reunited with my daughter, I intend to throw you a grand wedding.
”
“Mr.
Hanson and I have only engaged in decent business.
We’re on top of things and will keep a watchful eye out.
You’re in safe hands,”
Benny added.
Flossie felt somewhat reassured by their words, but the vague undertones in their earlier conversation still nagged at her, causing a slight unease.
However, lately, she found herself worrying over everything, perhaps a side effect of the hormonal changes from her pregnancy.
She knew well that Edmund and Benny were no fools; they knew what they were doing.
If they chose to keep secrets, there was little she could do to uncover them.
Flossie stopped mulling over it, simply nodding with a smile.
She and Benny had come primarily because of Edmund’s injury.
Seeing him recovering well, Flossie didn’t plan to Linger.
###chapter1699
After Edmund had finished the bowl of soup, she stood, bidding him farewell alongside Benny.
Before they left, Flossie told Edmund, “You’re still healing.
Make sure to rest well.
Leave work for later if it can wait.
Your health comes first.
”
Her heartfelt words touched Edmund deeply.
He nodded, replying, “I’ll look after myself.
Feel free to visit whenever you have time.
”
Once back at home, Benny got Flossie settled and headed to his study, busy as ever.
Flossie remained in the living room, trying to watch TV but found herself distracted.
She couldn’t stop thinking about the conversation between Edmund and Benny.
The more she dwelled on it, the more uneasy she felt.
Retreating to her room, she locked the door and dialed Stella’s number.
Hesitantly, she asked, “Stella, have you and Matthew been fine recently? Has anything happened?”
Stella responded, puzzled, “No.
What happened?”
Flossie, visibly shaken, paused before speaking.
“It’s nothing.
I just had a nightmare, and when I woke up, I couldn’t remember what it was about.
But with your wedding to Mr.
Clark coming up, I guess I’m just nervous.
Is everything going okay with your preparations?”
Stella smiled reassuringly.
“Dreams are often the opposite of reality.
Everything’s on track here.
You just need to get ready to be the bridesmaid.
”
“That’s a relief…” Just then, someone called out for Stella, causing Flossie to pause.
Before ending the call, Flossie added, “You and Mr.
Clark need to be extra careful when you’re out these days.
It’s such a crucial time; we wouldn’t want any accidents.
”
Flossie was unsure what exactly was being discussed between Benny and Edmund, but she couldn’t overlook the mention of Matthew.
“IT understand.
Thanks for the heads-up.
I’ll be careful.
” Stella felt a bit odd, but reassured herself that Flossie was probably just shaken by her nightmare.
She appreciated Flossie’s concern, though she didn’t take such nightmares seriously.
After she hung up, Stella quickly forgot what Flossie had mentioned.
On the day before the wedding, Matthew sent someone to pick up Clint and bring him to Seamarsh.
Stella greeted Clint and suggested he rest first.
“Matthew arranged a room for you upstairs at the wedding hotel.
Take a nap, and we can have dinner together later when he returns from the company.
”
Clint, however, declined.
“No need to rush.
I’d like to see the wedding venue first.
”
But Stella was rather concerned about his long journey.
“Why not rest a while? We can go later.
”
“I’m fine,” Clint assured her, gently patting her hand.
“I haven’t been much help with the wedding preparations.
The least I can do is see the venue before tomorrow.
Otherwise, I won’t even know where to sit.
”
Stella chuckled at his words.
“There will be someone to guide you tomorrow.
You won’t get lost.
”
Despite her reassurance, she agreed to his request.
“Alright, a quick look then a nap, deal?”
“Deal.
” Clint readily agreed.
A wave of emotion washed over him as he thought of the next day.
“Time sure flies.
I remember when you first came to the Anderson family, barely reaching my thigh.
Look at you now, all grown up and getting married.
It makes me a little sad to see you go.
”
Stella’s heart ached.
Clint had always been a pillar of support.
###chapter1700
Seeing his aging face filled her with a pang of sadness.
Fighting back tears, she reassured him, “Even after the wedding, I’ll always be your granddaughter.
I’m not going anywhere.
”
They continued their conversation as the car pulled up to the hotel entrance.
It was a five-star hotel under the Prosperity Group.
The area bustled with activity as final touches were applied for the wedding.
No one noticed Stella’s arrival except for the observant manager, who quickly approached them.
“Mrs.
Clark,” he greeted.
“Any instructions?”
Stella shook her head.
“Just brought my grandfather for a quick look.
Please, continue your work.
Don’t worry about us.
”
The manager acknowledged Clint with a nod and stepped back.
“Of course.
Please let me know if you need anything.
”
With that, Stella led Clint on a walk through the beautifully decorated venue.
The elaborate arrangements spoke volumes about Matthew’s thoughtfulness, and Clint couldn’t help but feel a sense of reassurance.
Back then, the elderly people of the two families arranged this marriage for Stella and Matthew.
Reaching this point was more than a little challenging.
Clint squeezed Stella’s hand.
“This wedding is going to be magnificent,” he said.
“Seeing how devoted Matthew is puts me at ease.
”
Stella nodded.
“He’s put a lot of thought into it.
He even helped design parts of the venue himself, and he’s been overseeing everything on-site for the past few days.
He only had to leave today because of urgent matters at work.
I feel incredibly lucky to have him.
”
A radiant smile spread across Stella’s face whenever Matthew’s name was mentioned.
Clint beamed with satisfaction, and then glanced at the wedding photo of Stella and Matthew displayed on the stage.
A mist welled up in his eyes.
“If your mother were here to see this…”
The moment the words left his lips, Clint regretted them.
He worried they might dampen Stella’s spirits, and quickly tried to mend the situation.
“Here I am, rambling on a happy day.
As long as I’m alive, remember, I’ll always be there for you.
”
Stella didn’t seem fazed.
She thought of Bella and declared firmly, “Grandpa, I truly believe Mom is still alive.
I will find her.
”
Her gaze was resolute.
Clint wanted to advise her to let go, but feared upsetting her.
He simply said, “Don’t stress about it too much.
Enjoy today.
It’s more important than anything else right now.
”
Their conversation was abruptly interrupted by a loud shout.
The formerly bustling venue was thrown into a frenzy.
“Someone fainted! Get help!”
Stella’s eyes darted toward the commotion.
“Grandpa, please stay put for a minute,” she said, turning to Clint.
“I’ll go see what’s happening.
”
“Don’t worry about me, dear,” Clint replied, a touch of worry creeping into his voice.
“Go check it out right away.
”
Stella navigated through the crowd and spotted Doreen lying unconscious on the floor.
Taking charge, she pushed people aside and instructed, “Take her to the hospital immediately!”
The manager rushed off to handle the situation.
Once Doreen was on her way, Stella called Matthew to explain the emergency.
“Grandpa is still here, and I can’t really leave him.
Could you ask Cordell to help out at the hospital and keep me updated?”
###chapter1701
Order was restored on the spot.
Stella sent Clint to rest.
As she exited the room, her phone rang.
It was Cordell.
Stella’s thoughts lingered on Doreen.
She quickly answered the call, inquiring, “How is Doreen doing?”
“She passed out from low blood sugar and exhaustion.
She hasn’t come to yet,” Cordell replied.
Stella let out a relieved sigh and thanked him earnestly.
“Thank you, Cordell.
My grandpa has arrived since the wedding is tomorrow.
I’m swamped.
Could you please look after Doreen for me?”
“My pleasure,” Cordell responded softly.
After thanking him once more, Stella was about to end the call when Cordell spoke up again, sounding unsure.
“Do you know anything about Doreen’s family?”
Stella paused, surprised by the sudden question.
Nonetheless, she answered honestly, “I’m not sure of the specifics.
She just finished college this year.
She’s innocent and diligent…”
Curious, she added, “Why do you ask?”
Cordell hesitated before saying, “Earlier during the examination, I noticed some scars on her body that looked like they were caused deliberately.
I think she might have been abused by her family.
”
Stella was taken aback.
She always thought of Doreen as cheerful and upbeat.
It was difficult to imagine her being unhappy.
She composed herself, her expression turning serious.
“Thanks for letting me know.
I’ll keep a closer eye on her.
But let’s not bring this up with Doreen for now.
”
If the abuse allegations were true, and Doreen was concealing them well, she probably didn’t want others to find out.
Her self-esteem needed to be safeguarded in such a scenario.
“I understand,” Cordell replied before hanging up the phone.
He peered through the ward’s glass, seeing Doreen still unconscious and pale.
Suddenly, he recalled the first time he met her.
Despite the tension in her eyes, her smile radiated like a bright, energetic sun.
A fleeting, strange emotion passed through him.
Turning away, Cordell approached the nursing station.
“Please keep an eye on the patient in bed 302 for me.
Call me if anything comes up.
”
That night, Miley threw a special party just for Stella.
She led her to a private room.
Miley was particularly cheerful that day, chatting more than usual.
As they walked, she grumbled about Flossie’s absence.
“This party is a big deal.
It’s your last before you get married.
But Flossie bailed because she wasn’t feeling well.
She took some medicine and hit the sack early to be okay for tomorrow.
”
Stella smiled, brushing it off.
“It’s alright.
Let her rest.
We’ll catch up with her tomorrow.
”
Although Miley was initially upset about Flossie missing out, she quickly let it go.
“Tonight, you’re the star, Stella.
That’s all that matters.
”
Inside the private room, Juliette had already arrived.
Being pregnant, she stuck to soda while mingling with Stella and the others.
###chapter1702
Stella, cautious about not overdoing it before the big day, barely touched her drink.
Miley, on the other hand, downed several glasses one after the other.
Soon, she was slurring her words.
Stella tried to convince her to slow down on the drinks, but Miley just hugged her tightly and nuzzled her face against Stella’s.
Clutching Stella around the waist and resting her head on her shoulder, Miley slurred affectionately, “Stella, it’s wonderful.
I can’t wait to see you get married.
”
Though slightly drunk, her eyes shimmered with genuine emotion.
“When you first married Matthew, it was all so rushed.
It’s just a marriage certificate, and that’s it.
I was worried you’d rushed into things without a moment to be happy.
But look at you now, about to build a beautiful Life with a great guy.
”
As she spoke, Miley let out a snort and declared, “He better treat you right.
If he ever mistreats you, I swear I’ll make him regret it…”
Miley was quite talkative.
Stella felt both amused and touched by her friend’s words.
She fought back tears and said, “Miley, you’re drunk.
”
“No, I’m just really happy!” Miley denied being drunk.
She slung her arm around Stella’s shoulders and continued, “We’ve been friends for so long.
I couldn’t be happier seeing you happy.
You have to be happy, okay?”
She clearly looked drunk, her expression a mix of confusion and charm.
Hearing the sincerity in her words, Stella grasped her hand and replied, “Thank you, Miley.
It means so much to have you in my life.
”
Miley tilted her chin up with pride.
“Of course.
We’re best friends after all!”
Stella nodded vigorously.
“Absolutely, I’ll do everything I can to be happy.
And you and Neville need to be happy too.
”
Miley nodded back, her enthusiasm growing as she raised her glass.
“We’re all going to be happy.
”
Miley got too much to drink and fell asleep.
Matthew, knowing the girls were having a party at the hotel, arranged a suite upstairs.
Once Stella and Juliette settled Miley into bed, they headed to the living room.
Stella got Juliette some water and sat beside her.
Miley’s drunken muttering echoed now and then.
Stella giggled.
Juliette smiled too, taking a sip of water.
“Are you feeling nervous?” she asked.
Stella nodded and said, “A little.
Even though everything is ready, and I’ve been married to Matthew for almost two years, this is our first wedding.
It feels different.
”
She fidgeted with her fingers, realizing tomorrow was the big day.
Time seemed to be flying, and she was a bit scared too.
###chapter1703
After a moment, she turned to Juliette, unable to contain herself, and asked, “Were you as nervous as I am the night before you married Oliver?”
Remembering how she felt, Juliette squeezed Stella’s hand and said, “It’s normal to feel nervous.
Don’t let your emotions overwhelm you.
Getting married is a big deal, especially considering the Clark family’s influence.
It’s natural to feel a bit anxious.
”
Stella nodded slightly, but she still felt tense.
“Now that you’ve decided to marry Matthew, you should be ready for the attention.
People will be watching your every move,” Juliette reassured her with a smile.
Stella nodded quietly.
“Alright.
Try to be happy.
Tomorrow, you’re marrying the man you love.
There’s no need to look so sad.
Just think, soon you’ll have your own adorable little ones.
That should make you happy,” Juliette said, putting her arm around Stella’s shoulders.
Stella couldn’t help but feel a little excited at the thought.
But her smile faded quickly.
She remembered Matthew’s situation.
It might take a while before they could have children.
As she was lost in thought, her phone rang.
It was Matthew.
Juliette playfully covered her mouth and teased, “He’s so in love with you.
You’ve only been apart for a short while, and Mr.
Clark is already calling.
”
Stella blushed and shyly looked down.
Seeing her embarrassment, Juliette stopped teasing her.
“I’m tired too.
Go ahead, answer it quickly.
I won’t bother you anymore.
”
Stella picked up the phone when Juliette stepped into the room.
She wasn’t sure if it was because of what Juliette said, but she felt a bit strange.
After gathering her thoughts, Stella asked, “What’s going on?”
“I miss you,” Matthew said directly.
His voice was gentle, like a feather gently tugging at Stella’s heart.
It sounded a bit hoarse; perhaps he had been drinking.
Stella’s face grew even hotter.
She heard some noise from Matthew’s end, so she changed the subject.
“Are you still at the party?”
Neville had organized a party for Matthew.
Thinking about it, Stella was more certain that Neville and Miley made quite the pair.
They both loved parties and did the same for their friends.
“Yes,” Matthew replied.
“Miley’s had a bit too much to drink.
Flossie didn’t show up.
Our party’s ended and we’re at the suite now.
” Stella could tell he sounded a little tipsy, so after updating him on her end, she reminded him, “Hang up soon.
Don’t drink too much.
Get some rest.
”
###chapter1704
Just as she finished, Neville’s voice came from the other end.
He joked, “Just for tonight, set yourselves free.
You’re getting married tomorrow.
You’ll have plenty of time to be together in the future.
”
Even though she wasn’t there, Stella felt like there were a thousand eyes on her.
She was too embarrassed to look up.
Quickly, she told Matthew, “Go back to your friends.
I’ll see you tomorrow.
”
As she was about to hang up, Matthew suddenly said, “Honey, I love you.
”
Stella’s heart skipped a beat.
She’d heard those words from Matthew many times, but they felt different now.
Maybe it was because tomorrow was her wedding day, and all her emotions were magnified.
She replied sweetly, “I love you too.
”
After she hung up, the living room was quiet, except for her racing heart.
Stella couldn’t help but smile.
With excitement, she soon drifted off to sleep.
Stella tossed and turned, finding no rest in the embrace of night.
Her dreams were a chaotic montage-a car crash, a glimpse of Bella, and then a wedding, her and Matthew’s.
At the wedding venue, guests celebrated with joyous chatter blending with clinking glasses.
Her steps toward Matthew felt like a dance under their shared blessings, until the scene twisted suddenly, Matthew falling and lying in a pool of blood, and guests scattering amidst blood…
A piercing scream broke the silence as Stella jolted awake, eyes wide and searching in the darkness.
Faint light blurred the line between dreams and reality, fear gripping her like unseen claws and suffocating her momentarily.
It was a struggle to discern where the dream ended and the waking world began.
Sitting upright, she gulped for air, the knock on the door a stark interruption to her tumultuous thoughts, soon joined by the cheerful banter of Juliette and Miley.
Sunlight flooded in as the curtains parted like a grand reveal, forcing Stella to shield her eyes from its brilliance.
Miley’s playful intentions faded as she took in Stella’s distressed appearance, her own demeanor shifting to concern in an instant.
Sitting beside Stella, Miley gently wiped the sweat from her brow, concern evident in her voice.
“Was it a nightmare?”
Stella shook her head, her gaze wandering to the window where the first light of dawn painted the sky.
Today marked her union with Matthew, a day of joy and promises, yet that haunting dream lingered like a shadow.
Dreams were twisted mirrors of reality, each one a reversal of the waking world.
Stella tried to reassure herself with a smile, pushing away the lingering unease.
“I’m okay.
Have the makeup artist and stylist arrived?”
Miley scrutinized her for a moment, ensuring her improved state before responding, “They’ve been waiting a bit.
When we didn’t see you, we decided to check in.
”
“Hurry and freshen up.
We don’t want to be late,” Juliette chimed in, a gentle reminder in her tone.
With a nod, Stella pushed aside the lingering traces of her nightmare, rising from bed to splash her face with cool water.
Beyond the door, the stylist and makeup artist awaited, the wedding gown elegantly displayed on a mannequin.
Sunlight danced upon the gown, intricate beadwork sparkling Like a constellation brought to Life.
###chapter1705
Stella’s gaze lingered on the dress, a masterpiece she adored and a symbol of the Love and celebration awaiting her.
A smile tugged at her lips as visions of the impending wedding filled her thoughts with joy.
Noting her prolonged admiration, the makeup artist gently urged, “Mrs.
Clark, please take a seat.
Let’s start planning your makeup for today.
”
Stella refocused, agreeing with a nod before settling in front of the mirror.
Her eyes widened at the sight of an array of exquisite jewelry displayed before her, some with histories of prestigious auctions.
Surely, these couldn’t have come from the makeup artist.
Miley, noticing Stella’s astonishment, clarified, “Mr.
Clark had these delivered this morning.
He’s incredibly generous.
”
A warmth spread through Stella as the worry of her nightmare ebbed away.
The countdown to the wedding ceremony drew nearer.
Outside the hotel, a fleet of luxury cars lined up, and on the colossal screen adorning the outer wall, images of Stella and Matthew in their wedding finery graced the display.
The opulent decor of the hall elicited sighs of awe from onlookers, hinting that perhaps in the next decade, no wedding in Seamarsh would rival this level of luxury.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella and Matthew personally welcomed their guests.
Luther, accompanied by several renowned directors, extended his congratulations.
“Congratulations, Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark.
”
Stella responded graciously with a smile, ushering them to take a seat.
Luka was present as well.
Stella exchanged greetings with him, but his prolonged gaze held silence.
Matthew, noticing Luka’s stare, subtly displayed his affection by wrapping an arm around Stella’s waist, thanking their guest warmly.
“Thank you for joining us.
”
Despite the lack of explicit words, an undercurrent of jealousy lingered in the air.
A quick glance revealed Matthew’s jealousy, eliciting a mix of amusement and speechless wonder in Stella.
Collecting himself, Luka pushed aside his bitterness, offering a forced smile as he congratulated, “Congratulations, Mr.
Clark.
”
With those words, he turned his gaze toward Stella.
“You’re radiant today.
Congratulations on your wedding day.
”
Stella nodded, a slight smile gracing her lips.
“Thank you for being here for my special day.
”
Luka fell silent and proceeded inside.
The wedding boasted a gathering of Seamarsh’s elite.
As the majority of guests arrived, Matthew leaned closer to Stella, his voice hushed.
“Feeling tired? Would you like to take a break?”
Stella subtly shook her head, her gaze fixed on the outside world, a flicker of concern hinting at her worry over Bella’s absence.
###chapter1706
Matthew caught her unspoken concern immediately.
He dr@ped an arm around her shoulder, offering reassurance.
“Don’t fret.
Bella will arrive.
”
Simultaneously, a Maybach pulled up outside the hotel.
Bella and Elizabeth emerged from the vehicle in succession.
Stepping out of the car, Elizabeth’s eyes fell on the wedding portrait of Stella and Matthew displayed on the screen.
The joyous smiles in the photo stung Elizabeth, her fists clenching instinctively as a wave of hurt and resentment washed over her.
Upon seeing the wedding photos and venue, Bella experienced a complex mix of emotions.
While there was an undeniable sense of happiness for Stella, there was also something deeper stirring within her, something she couldn’t quite decipher or put into words.
It was a blend of sentiments she hadn’t fully explored, leaving her in a state of introspective curiosity.
Shaking her head, Bella opted not to delve further into her emotions.
As she prepared to enter, Bella glanced back and noticed Elizabeth’s fixed stare at the wedding photo, her unbroken gaze sparking a subtle sense of unease within Bella.
Despite Elizabeth’s improved behavior since returning to Seamarsh, Bella’s lingering worry stemmed from past actions.
With a turn of her head, Bella reminded Elizabeth, “Today is a joyous occasion for Stella.
Let’s maintain a friendly demeanor.
”
Glancing at Andrew standing quietly behind her, Bella emphasized to Elizabeth, “Value the people beside you.
Andrew is a kind-hearted man.
”
Elizabeth grew increasingly irritated with each word Bella spoke.
“Understood,” Elizabeth replied curtly before entering ahead of Bella.
A hint of embarrassment colored Bella’s expression as she pursed her lips.
Together with Andrew, she caught up with Elizabeth.
Stella’s smile widened instantly as she caught sight of Bella entering, joy and excitement bubbling within her.
Despite her inner joy, Stella contained her emotions and greeted Bella formally, “Welcome, Bella.
Thank you for being here at my wedding.
”
Her words were courteous and formal, yet anyone observant enough would notice the slight tremor in her voice, a sign of her nervousness.
With a smile, Bella extended her congratulations to Stella, wishing her a happy wedding day.
Stella’s joy was heightened by Bella’s blessing, surpassing the happiness brought by any other guest.
She expressed her gratitude by shaking Bella’s hand warmly.
With genuine admiration and a warm smile, Bella complimented, “I’ve just seen your wedding photos and am now witnessing you both in person.
You truly make a perfect match.
”
Bella then instructed her assistant, “Please present Stella with the gift I’ve prepared.
”
Promptly following Bella’s instructions, the assistant handed Stella a gift box.
Stella was taken aback by the thoughtful gesture, unprepared for Bella’s specially prepared gift, and momentarily unsure of how to respond.
“Please accept it.
It’s a small token of my appreciation,” Bella offered kindly.
###chapter1707
Gratefully, Stella accepted the gift box with both hands and proceeded to open it.
Inside was a hand-painted wedding picture of Stella and Matthew, adorned with Bella’s signature.
Delighted, Stella couldn’t contain her appreciation.
“Thank you, I truly adore it,” she expressed sincerely.
As she gazed at Bella, Stella felt the urge to share details about their relationship with her.
Considering the imminent wedding and the bustling presence of many guests, Stella acknowledged that it wasn’t the right moment to reveal the truth.
She believed it would be wiser to approach the topic gradually after the wedding, allowing Bella ample time to process and accept the information.
With her decision made, Stella held back her words and offered another smile to Bella.
Matthew, noticing Stella’s trembling, took her hand and entrusted the gift to Fernando.
“Please keep this safe,” he instructed.
Looking up at Matthew, Stella took in the warmth of his palm, which helped soothe her emotions.
“Please come inside and take a seat, Bella.
” She hesitated for a moment before adding, “Could you also stay a bit after the ceremony? There’s something important I’d like to discuss with you.
”
Despite her confusion, Bella agreed amicably.
Throughout this exchange, Elizabeth was inadvertently overlooked.
Elizabeth’s discontent grew as she observed the intimacy between Matthew and Stella, adding to her existing unhappiness.
With dripping sarcasm in her voice, she questioned, “Stella, why didn’t you invite me to be your bridesmaid? After all, you’ll be my mom’s first student.
That means we’re quite close, aren’t we? Or do you still hold a grudge about what happened before?”
She directed her gaze at the intertwined hands of Stella and Matthew.
Andrew remained aloof, as if the situation didn’t concern him.
It wasn’t until Elizabeth’s sarcastic remarks caught his ear that he shifted his focus to Stella.
It was then that he took notice of Stella’s app
earance, his gaze lingering on her face briefly before a sense of surprise washed over him.
Having read news reports comparing Elizabeth’s appearance to Stella’s, he now confirmed the similarity firsthand, realizing that the reports were accurate.
With a frown, Bella quietly cautioned Elizabeth, “Please refrain from such comments.
”
“Mom, I was just teasing Stella.
There’s no need to be so uptight.
”
Wearing a slight smile, Elizabeth brushed off Bella’s warning, saying, “And besides, Stella isn’t one to get easily offended, is she?”
Stella remained silent.
She was unsure of Elizabeth’s next move, as they had always clashed.
She doubted this time would be any different.
Elizabeth might have been looking to stir up trouble, yet Stella knew that as long as she didn’t react, the situation wouldn’t escalate.
Stella didn’t react to Elizabeth’s sarcastic remark, yet Matthew suddenly began to speak.
He glanced at Elizabeth and said softly yet mockingly, “Stella is indeed generous and won’t take offense easily.
It would be wise for you not to take advantage of someone honest.
Otherwise, you’re just embarrassing yourself.
Don’t you think so, Miss Elizabeth Wallace?”
###chapter1708
He turned the question over to Elizabeth.
A shadow crossed Elizabeth’s face.
Clinging to her pride, she grasped Andrew’s arm and introduced him.
“I seemed to have forgotten to introduce him earlier.
This is Andrew Griffin, my boyfriend and also my first love.
”
She emphasized “first love” with a tone of superiority, clearly proud of and flaunting Andrew’s significance.
Stella was indifferent to Elizabeth’s romantic declarations.
After Elizabeth’s prolonged introduction, Stella simply stated, “Congratulations.
I look forward to possibly attending your wedding someday.
”
Elizabeth’s face turned pale.
It felt like her punches had landed on a soft cushion.
She gritted her teeth, clearly unhappy.
Her gaze toward Stella was filled with disgust, almost as if she could ignite Stella with her fury.
Bella sensed the tension might escalate.
Just then, as a group approached, she saw a chance to defuse the situation, suggesting, “Please, go greet the other guests.
We’ll find our way inside.
”
“Alright,” Stella responded quietly.
“Fernando, would you mind escorting Bella and Mr.
Griffin?”
She didn’t mean to ignore Elizabeth; she just didn’t want to face a cold rejection from her.
Fernando took the lead, with Bella clutching Elizabeth’s hand tightly as they followed.
Stella watched them leave, her heart heavy with worry.
Her relationship with Elizabeth was so strained that it seemed beyond repair and likely to worsen.
If Bella truly was her mother, how could Stella maintain peace with Elizabeth without causing Bella discomfort?
Seeing her distress, Matthew quickly understood her dilemma.
He wrapped an arm around her, offering reassurance.
“Don’t worry.
I’m here for you, ready to handle whatever comes our way.
”
Confronted by his determined stare, Stella gathered her courage and nodded.
“Am I interrupting?” A woman’s voice came, playful and teasing.
Stella’s attention snapped back to the familiar voice.
She turned around and saw Flossie, who had a playful expression on her face.
Today, Flossie wore a sleek fishtail dress.
Stella glanced at her and noticed her belly looked a bit fuller than before.
However, Stella didn’t dwell on it and said, “You didn’t come to the party and went to bed early last night, yet you arrived quite Late today.
”
“I had to take care of some things at home, which delayed me.
”
Flossie approached Stella, took her hand, and gave her a thorough once-over before complimenting her, “You look absolutely stunning today.
You’re the most beautiful bride I’ve ever seen.
Make sure you toss the bouquet my way.
”
She whispered the last sentence into Stella’s ear and winked at her.
Stella nodded, and then asked Flossie, “Did you come here alone? Where’s your boyfriend?”
“He’s got some things to take care of.
He’ll be here shortly.
I’ll introduce him to you once he arrives,” Flossie said.
Then, spotting Edmund entering, she turned to Stella with a hint of intrigue and said, “Before he arrives, there’s someone else I want you to meet.
”
Stella looked puzzled, but before she could ask further, she saw Flossie signaling to Edmund.
She glanced at Matthew, who shook his head to indicate he hadn’t invited Edmund.
Stella’s brow furrowed.
Edmund stopped walking and positioned himself beside Flossie.
In a quiet tone, Flossie introduced him, “This is my biological father, Edmund.
”
Stella, taken aback, exclaimed, “Your father? Why haven’t you mentioned him before?”
“I only found out myself not long ago,” Flossie responded with a grin.
Seeing Flossie’s evident joy, Stella chose not to press further and simply offered her heartfelt congratulations.
Edmund addressed Matthew with a neutral tone.
“Mr.
Clark, it’s a pleasure to meet you.
We will likely have business dealings in the future.
I look forward to your cooperation.
”
Matthew raised an eyebrow.
He didn’t have significant ties with Edmund, and their business interests were distinct.
Edmund’s comment left him perplexed.
Nevertheless, considering Stella’s close relationship with Flossie, Matthew managed a slight nod, keeping his confusion to himself.
###chapter1709
At noon, the wedding hall was bustling with guests.
Over at one side of the hall, Thea was on stage, performing with her team.
As they started, the crowd erupted in cheers.
Thea’s band was well-known and loved, and no one expected them to play at the wedding.
Just as the music kicked off, Matthew made his entrance.
Dressed in a sleek, high-end suit that highlighted his refined presence, he commanded attention.
The suit was impeccably tailored, exuding elegance and dignity.
His gaze swept over the crowd, and he paused momentarily on the stage.
The music picked up pace.
Matthew’s eyes fixed on the entrance.
Then Stella appeared, linked arm in arm with Clint.
‘s BunnyBookery
The room was filled with excitement once more, many guests reaching for their phones to capture the moment.
“I heard Mrs.
Clark designed her own wedding dress.
It’s beyond price.
”
“I’ve never seen Mr.
Clark look at anyone the way he looks at her.
It’s like you could get lost in his gaze.
”
“I have to catch the bouquet today.
I want a piece of their joy!”
Lucia, tears glistening in her eyes, clung to Waldo’s arm.
“After everything they’ve been through, they’re finally tying the knot.
”
Miley, snapping a picture of Stella in her radiant attire, felt tears well up.
Soon, she was crying openly.
Neville tried to console her with gentle words and a tissue, but it only seemed to make her cry harder.
Neville was at a loss, trying his best to console her.
Flossie felt a surge of excitement, but the empty seat next to her brought a twinge of disappointment.
In this joyful moment, she longed for Benny to be there.
She kept checking her phone, sending Benny more messages, but none got a reply.
Edmund’s face remained impassive throughout, occasionally glancing at his watch.
On stage, Matthew watched Stella intently, not wanting to miss any flicker of emotion on her face.
He was determined to memorize her every feature.
As Stella exchanged looks with Matthew, she reminisced about their journey together, from their first meeting to falling in love.
A mix of happiness and an urge to cry stirred within her, her nose twitching with nervousness.
Clint noticed Stella’s pace slow and her soft sobs.
He realized she was reminiscing about the past.
He sighed, filled with emotion, and gently patted Stella’s hand.
Looking at the hand on hers, Stella felt an overwhelming sense of contentment.
###chapter1710
She approached Matthew with a heart full of mixed emotions.
“From now on, I entrust my granddaughter to you.
Take good care of her,” Clint stated solemnly, placing her hand in Matthew’s.
Matthew said gently, “I will, promise.
”
Clint nodded, his gaze drifting away as he let go of Stella’s hand and walked off the stage.
Stella watched his retreating figure, tears starting to form in her eyes.
“Don’t cry, honey.
From now on, I’m here with you.
We’ll stay together, grow old together,” Matthew whispered soothingly.
Stella gave a small nod.
The emcee gave Stella a moment to gather herself before stepping up and announcing, “Congratulations to our bride and groom as they step into the union of marriage…”
Following the vows, it was time for the ring exchange.
Matthew slid the ring onto Stella’s finger.
She then retrieved his ring from the embroidered box, holding it in one hand and his hand in the other.
Just as she was about to place the ring on his finger, a jarring voice interrupted.
“Long time no see, little brother.
”
Benny appeared at the wedding.
His voice, cold and stark, cut through the warmth of the ceremony.
“Today’s your big day.
How come I wasn’t invited?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Startled, Stella turned to face him and saw the malice in his eyes.
The ring slipped from her fingers to the floor.
As soon as Benny stopped talking, a swarm of men dressed in black burst into the banquet hall, wielding guns and encircling the venue.
Panic immediately took hold, and guests scattered in every direction.
Matthew quickly stepped in front of Stella, pulling her to safety.
Flossie stared at Benny in shock.
“You… What are you doing?”
She had been unable to reach Benny earlier.
Yet, she never imagined he would show up like this.
Without a second thought, Flossie tried to push through to Benny.
She was determined to protect Stella’s wedding from being ruined.
But the moment she tried to step forward, she was stopped.
Turning around, Flossie shook Edmund’s hand off with force.
“What in the world are you all doing? Let me go!”
###chapter1711
Edmund’s lips were tight.
He said nothing as he pushed her back into her seat, disregarding her cries.
Flossie felt a chill as though she’d plunged into icy water, her body starting to tremble.
Seeing Flossie’s reaction, Stella instantly thought of the young man’s back she had seen earlier.
It clicked for her then.
She hadn’t been mistaken.
Indeed, Flossie’s boyfriend was Benny.
Stella was shocked that Flossie had kept such a significant secret from her for so long.
She felt a mix of dull pain and the sting of betrayal by her close friend.
Leaning on a cane, Waldo scolded Benny, “Matthew is the only heir to the Clark family.
You aren’t welcome here.
Leave with your people immediately!”
His face flushed with the force of his shouting.
Benny just laughed in response.
“You don’t get to decide that.
”
He turned to Matthew with a sneer.
“What a grand affair this is.
Let’s settle our scores once and for all today.
Think of it as a wedding present from your big brother.
”
With a wave of his hand, his men in black opened fire, causing chaos at the wedding.
Guests screamed and scrambled for cover.
Matthew, pulling Stella close, took cover behind a pillar and narrowly dodged a bullet.
He had come prepared, returning fire after the assailants made their move.
After several shots, he was down to his last bullet.
Matthew’s expression grew somber.
He was aware that Benny’s target was him.
Failing to show up meant Stella might soon be dragged into the mess.
He gently pressed on Stella’s shoulder and said with urgency, “Stay hidden here.
Don’t wander off.
I’ll be back for you in no time.
”
Stella shook her head, her mind flashing back to the vivid dream she had the previous night, making it feel all the more real.
She clutched Matthew’s hand, pleading, “Where are you off to? Don’t leave.
We should stay together.
With all this commotion, help must be on the way.
They won’t last long.
”
As Matthew moved to embrace her, two men in black approached from behind Stella, aiming their guns.
Matthew quickly turned around and pulled Stella into a tight hug.
In that swift motion, he fired at one of the men in black.
Gunshots echoed repeatedly.
Stella cringed and covered her ears, burying her head in Matthew’s chest.
As the noise subsided, she slowly uncovered her ears and heard a faint groan from above.
Matthew’s entire weight bore down on her.
Stella’s heart raced.
“Matthew?” she called out hesitantly, but received no answer.
“Please, don’t do this to me.
Matthew, talk to me,” she urged, her voice trembling with worry, yet she hesitated to move him.
Her back felt warm and sticky, but she couldn’t identify the substance.
Fear gripped her heart.
###chapter1712
She crawled out cautiously, one hand pressing against the floor, the other clutching Matthew’s hand tightly.
It wasn’t until she was free from his embrace that she could see the scene clearly.
Matthew was half-kneeling, a stage pillar had struck his head, and a bullet had pierced his chest.
Blood was pouring out of his wounds…
“Matthew!” Stella cried out his name in a panic.
She quickly removed the pillar and embraced him.
Her hands were slick with Matthew’s blood, and she couldn’t tell whether it was from his head or his chest.
Tears cascaded down Stella’s cheeks as she repeatedly called his name, but he remained unresponsive, his lips pale.
“Call an ambulance!” she pleaded desperately with the bystanders.
“Please, call an ambulance…”
Not far from her, Benny watched the scene unfold with a satisfied grin.
Flossie, witnessing his reaction, felt a chill run through her.
It was as if she had never truly known
him.
Fernando and his team hurried to the scene and quickly surrounded the area.
He methodically took down the attackers dressed in black, one by one, effectively putting an end to the chaos.
Benny and Edmund seized the chance to escape with Flossie.
Soon after, an ambulance arrived, and medical staff rushed Matthew into the emergency room.
Outside, the emergency room light was on.
Lucia was visibly worried and confused.
“How could this happen?” she exclaimed.
‘s BunnyBookery
Tears streamed down her face, leaving her eyes red and swollen.
Both Waldo and Clint wore grave expressions.
Stella’s white wedding dress was marred by a large bloodstain.
She stood frozen, unable to move, her tears seemingly exhausted.
Miley couldn’t just watch anymore.
She moved closer and gently suggested, “Please, sit down for a moment.
Don’t worry.
I’m sure Matthew will pull through.
He’s strong.
”
When she spoke, Miley realized her voice was raspy too.
Just earlier, she had seen Matthew’s injuries.
It was hard for her to keep up her own spirits, let alone reassure Stella.
She could only hope for Matthew’s safety.
If anything happened to him, what would Stella and the entire family do?
Stella remained silent, as though she hadn’t heard Miley’s words.
“Stella, listen to me.
You need to rest.
” Miley tried to pull her away but couldn’t.
She felt like crying.
Finally, she released Stella’s hand and quietly stayed by her side.
###chapter1713
After seeing the news online, Amara rushed over.
She had previously been in a damaging relationship that nearly brought trouble to Prosperity Group and Matthew.
To keep the media away and not disrupt Stella and Matthew’s wedding, she stayed away.
But she hadn’t anticipated such an incident at the wedding.
“Where is Matthew?” Amara stumbled in, nearly fainting at the sight of blood on Stella.
She clutched Stella’s hands, her lips quivering as she asked, “Where is Matthew?”
Stella looked at her, wanting to speak, but no words came out.
Her eyes red, she simply shook her head.
Amara faltered, her steps unsteady.
Miley quickly grabbed her, comforting, “They just took Matthew to the emergency room.
We don’t know anything yet, not until the doctor updates us.
Try not to worry.
Why don’t you sit down and rest?”
Overwhelmed by guilt and confusion, Amara barely heard her, allowing Miley to guide her to a seat.
Tears filled her eyes as she gazed at the people outside the emergency room, covering her face.
She
doubted her decision to have Matthew return to the Clark family, whether it was right or wrong.
‘s BunnyBookery
Had he not returned, none of this would have occurred.
He was her son, the child she had brought into this world.
She had never wished for him to be rich or powerful, only safe.
How had everything gone so wrong?
Regret and remorse overwhelmed her, tears rolling down her cheeks.
Miley, moved by her sadness, teared up again and gently patted Amara on the shoulder, trying to offer some solace.
The air in the hallway felt heavy and oppressive.
Suddenly, the door to the emergency room swung open, drawing everyone’s attention.
A nurse rushed out.
Stella wanted to inquire about Matthew’s condition, but she stumbled and fell as she moved forward.
Luckily, Miley caught her just in time.
Waldo, leaning on his cane, shakily stood up.
“How’s my grandson?”
“We’re not sure yet.
He’s lost a lot of blood, and we urgently need more,” the nurse explained briskly before quickly departing.
Stella’s complexion drained at the news.
Miley gripped her hand.
“Don’t worry, everything’s going to be okay.
Mr.
Clark is tough; he’ll pull through.
”
Stella remained quiet, a storm of suffocation and fear brewing within her.
Images of Matthew’s face haunted her.
First it was the bloodied face from her nightmare, and then it was his unnaturally pale face at their wedding…
She forced herself not to think any further.
###chapter1714
The emergency room doors opened again as darkness fell.
Cordell emerged.
Everyone’s gaze settled on Cordell, filled with hope.
“Matthew’s head has taken a severe blow, and the bullet came within an inch of his heart.
We’ve managed to stabilize him for now, but his condition remains critical.
His survival will depend on the next 48 hours,” Cordell explained, his expression grave.
Upon hearing this, a sharp pain shot through Stella’s heart.
She felt her strength drain away, leaving her body half numb.
Miley, shocked, supported her, whispering, “Stella.
.
”
Matthew had been inside for what seemed like an eternity, and those waiting outside had been equally gripped by fear.
Cordell’s words only deepened their dread.
After a day filled with anxiety, Lucia collapsed, and Amara too seemed to slip into a state of unconsciousness.
Exhausted, Waldo sank into a chair, clutching his cane and gasping for breath.
Chaos erupted once again.
Cordell quickly asked the nurses to take Lucia and Amara to the wards.
Once everyone was taken care of, he couldn’t ignore Stella’s distraught appearance.
He paused, and then said, “Matthew is in a coma.
It’s crucial you stay strong now, to give hope to the others.
If you give up…”
His voice broke.
He took a moment to compose himself before adding, “Matthew wouldn’t want to see you like this”
Stella remained silent, barely registering the words spoken to her.
Looking at her wedding dress, stained with blood, Cordell sighed and turned to Miley.
“If you can talk her into it, take her to change and get something to eat first.
If anything comes up, call me anytime.
I’ll be at the hospital tonight.
”
Miley nodded immediately.
“Go ahead with your work.
I’ll take care of her.
”
Once Cordell had left, the corridor outside the emergency room fell quiet.
After sitting there for a long time, Stella tugged at Miley’s sleeve.
“Take me to see him.
”
Relieved that she had finally spoken, Miley quickly helped her to her feet.
Matthew had been taken to the ICU.
Through the glass, Stella saw his body covered with tubes.
She bit her lower lip, tears welling up in her eyes.
Ever since she’d met Matthew, he’d been full of life.
She had never seen him like this.
She had been holding back her tears all night, but now, she couldn’t hold them in any longer.
Miley wrapped her arms around her and said, “Go ahead and cry.
It’s okay.
”
###chapter1715
Resting her hands on the glass, Stella broke down.
“Why? Today was our wedding day.
We’ve been planning it for so long, looking forward to it.
We didn’t need it to be perfect.
We just wanted to make some beautiful memories… If I had known something like this would happen, I would have rather not had the wedding at all.
”
“It wasn’t your fault, Stella.
” Tears streamed down Miley’s face as she comforted Stella, “Matthew will be fine.
He made a promise at the wedding and assured your grandpa he’d always look after you.
He’s going to wake up.
Don’t lose hope.
”
Fernando and Neville arrived after sorting out the aftermath.
Seeing the despair in Stella’s eyes, they chose to remain quiet, standing by her side in silence.
Stella wept for a long time.
Once she regained her composure, she looked up at Fernando and asked, “How’s everything going?”
Fernando observed her for a moment, noting her newfound calmness.
He replied, “We’ve managed to calm the guests, but the news spread fast online.
We’re doing everything we can to contain it.
”
At that moment, public opinion was the least of Stella’s concerns.
Her thoughts were consumed by the person responsible for Matthew’s condition.
Remembering Benny’s smug and scornful expression filled her with intense hatred.
And the one who had helped Benny cover his tracks was none other than her close friend.
When she recalled the strange phone call from Flossie before the wedding, everything suddenly made sense.
Filled with disappointment and anger, she demanded, “Where is Flossie?”
Flossie sat in the car, lost in thought, her mind a whirlwind of chaos.
The events of the wedding replayed in her head, and the look of disappointment in Stella’s eyes was suffocating her.
Her teeth chattered without her realizing it.
She had planned to introduce Benny formally to everyone after the wedding.
Now, however, it seemed Like all her plans were just wishful thinking.
Benny understood that today’s events had hit Flossie hard.
He chose not to disturb her, giving her space to think things through quietly.
The three of them rode in silence the entire way.
When the car stopped in front of the apartment building, Flossie still hadn’t snapped out of it.
After saying goodbye to Edmund, Benny moved to carry Flossie upstairs.
But the moment he touched her, she jerked away as if shocked.
She looked at Benny with a wary expression and said hoarsely, “Don’t touch me!”
Her voice carried a strong note of repulsion.
Benny’s hands paused in midair.
The warm yellow light in the car illuminated his face, casting no warmth.
Edmund attempted to soothe Flossie, saying, “Why don’t you go home with Benny first…”
###chapter1716
“Shut up!” Flossie cut him off.
“I don’t want to hear anything right now, especially not from you two.
Stay away from me!”
She was visibly upset, almost like a frightened kitten, acutely aware of everything happening around her.
Seeing her distress, the two men exchanged worried glances, deciding it was best to let her cool off.
The car settled back into silence.
After a while, Flossie, her voice shaking, turned to Benny and asked, “Why did you hurt Stella and Matthew?”
Benny paused before responding honestly, “Matthew and I are half- brothers…”
He explained his long-standing feud with the Clark family and Matthew, his voice neutral, as if he were recounting a story that wasn’t his own.
It seemed that having achieved his revenge earlier that day, the bitterness that had once consumed him had eased somewhat.
Flossie, disbelief etched across her face, then turned to Edmund.
“You knew about this too, didn’t you? Were you involved in his revenge today?”
Edmund remained silent, his face saying enough.
At that moment, Flossie realized she had been the last to know, kept in the dark by the very people she was with, possibly even aiding their revenge without knowing it.
She now understood why Benny always had such complex expressions whenever Stella was mentioned.
What had once been mysterious was now painfully clear.
She smiled sadly, tears streaming down her face.
She lifted her hand to wipe away the tears and looked at Benny, saying slowly and clearly, “What do you take me for?”
Benny remained silent.
Nothing he could say would make Flossie believe him at this point.
“Benny…” Flossie’s emotions overwhelmed her.
Clutching her chest, she continued, “I’ve always been open about my friendship with Stella.
You knew she was my close friend, yet you plotted to ruin her wedding and harm her husband.
Did you see me as a fool?”
“No,” Benny responded firmly.
“I’m aware of how much Stella means to you.
I kept this from you because I didn’t want to add to your worries.
”
“So you think protecting me involves having me watch my boyfriend attempt to hurt my best friend’s husband at her own wedding? Is that your intention?” Flossie retorted.
“If something happens to Matthew, how am I supposed to face Stella? How can I ever make it right with her? Benny, did you ever think about how I would feel when you planned all this?”
His silence met her barrage of questions.
Flossie, sobbing, grasped Benny’s clothes tightly and pleaded, “Say something.
Why are you silent…”
Edmund held Flossie’s arm, her tears threatening to overwhelm her.
“We understand how devastated you are, which is why we kept this.
”
But now that it’s happened, getting angry won’t alter the from you.
###chapter1717
“Let’s focus on being together as a family now.
situation.
I promise we’ll ensure nothing like this ever happens again.
”
Flossie shook off his hand, her eyes fixed on Edmund’s, a mix of disbelief and disappointment swirling within them.
She bit her lip, and then turned to Benny, silently pleading for answers.
Benny remained silent for a moment before finally speaking up.
“Tm the one who failed you.
”
He met Flossie’s gaze, his eyes smoldering with bitter resentment.
“But I can’t just let it go.
I have to seek justice.
I’ve chosen this path, and there’s no turning back.
”
Under his unwavering and resolute stare, Flossie slowly released her grasp.
Benny posed the question, his gaze unwavering.
“Now that you understand my intentions, are you still willing to support me as you did before?”
Flossie’s eyes welled with tears, her heart torn between conflicting emotions.
Choosing Benny would mean standing against Stella, a prospect she was reluctant to accept.
She couldn’t fathom Benny’s apparent callousness and clung to the hope that there might be another solution.
“Is there truly nothing that could sway you from seeking revenge?” she implored, her voice tinged with a hint of desperation.
“Absolutely nothing,” Benny affirmed, his resolve unyielding.
Flossie persisted, unwilling to concede defeat.
“Not even if I’m pregnant?” she ventured.
Benny’s eyes widened in shock, his gaze fixed on her in disbelief.
“Pregnant? How… when did this happen?”
Flossie’s eyes fluttered shut as she whispered, “Today marks the one hundredth day.
I had hoped to catch the bouquet from Stella and share this joyful news with you…”
Her voice faltered, choked with emotion.
The prospect of facing Stella filled her with dread; their promise about the bouquet now felt Like a cruel joke.
Benny, too, lapsed into silence, his gaze distant and haunted.
Summoning her courage, Flossie pleaded once more, “Benny, for the sake of our child, can’t you let go of vengeance? I can’t bear the thought of our child growing up with a father stained by blood.
Please, can’t you stop?”
Benny’s eyes flickered instinctively toward Flossie’s belly, yet his expression remained unchanged.
He had ventured too far down his path of retribution to turn back for anyone.
Though the notion of urging Flossie to terminate the pregnancy crossed his mind, he held his tongue in Edmund’s presence.
###chapter1718
“Rest now.
We’ll revisit this discussion another time”, Benny said softly as he withdrew his hand.
His evasive response crushed whatever hope lingered in Flossie’s heart.
After a brief moment of silence, Flossie found her voice again.
“I understand,” she murmured.
Numbly, she opened the car door and stepped out.
The thud of the door closing reverberated behind her, followed by the uncertain shuffle of Edmund’s and Benny’s footsteps.
Without glancing back, Flossie spoke, her voice strained.
“Don’t follow me.
I need some time alone.
”
Edmund and Benny could only watch in silence as Flossie’s delicate form faded from view.
‘s BunnyBookery
Once Flossie had departed, Edmund’s phone rang.
It was one of his subordinates reporting, “Boss, we’ve obtained some crucial information.
The hospital staff has confirmed that Matthew’s condition is extremely critical.
It appears he’s on the verge of death.
”
With a satisfied smirk, Edmund concluded the call and relayed the news to Benny.
“Everything is proceeding as planned.
Matthew’s condition is worsening rapidly.
You can begin preparations for the next phase.
”
Following his conversation with Edmund, Benny ascended the stairs.
Benny noticed Flossie’s absence, the closed bedroom door indicating her presence within, yet he chose not to interrupt her solitude.
Seated in the living room, Benny pondered over his plans and the unexpected baby situation.
Not until darkness fell did a solution finally emerge in Benny’s mind.
Rising from his seat, Benny made his way to the kitchen.
Although dinner had been prepared by seven o’clock in the evening, Flossie remained motionless, showing no signs of activity.
Benny approached Flossie’s room, gently tapping on the door.
“Flossie, join me for dinner.
”
As anticipated, silence greeted him.
He tried to push the door open, but it was locked from within.
A furrow creased Benny’s brow as concern for potential mishaps arose, especially considering Edmund’s anger if anything happened to her.
Opting for the spare key, Benny unlocked the door, illuminating the darkened room as he flicked on the light switch.
Flossie sat by the window, her gaze vacant and distant.
Benny, reassured of Flossie’s well-being, crouched before her, tenderly clasping her hands as he encouraged, “Feeling hungry? I’ve prepared your favorites.
Join me for dinner.
”
Flossie remained silent, her gaze avoiding Benny’s.
After his attempts to persuade her failed, Benny fell into a prolonged silence.
Eventually, he gathered his thoughts and said, “Consider having an abortion.
”
Due to what occurred with Evelyn in the past, Benny had been extremely cautious and did not desire to have another child.
Additionally, having a child would create another vulnerability for him.
Given the circumstances, he was determined to avoid any disruptions to his plan.
Hearing what Benny said, Flossie finally reacted.
###chapter1719
She gazed at Benny with disbelief evident in her eyes as she asked, “Are you suggesting that I have an abortion?”
Her tone carried a softness, yet there was a hint of both irony and anger in it.
Benny agreed and explained, “This isn’t the ideal moment for us to have a child.
I need to focus on my career, making it challenging for me to take good care of you and the baby.
”
Interrupting Benny before he could complete his sentence, Flossie withdrew her hands and questioned him, “Do you view our baby as a hindrance?”
Despite her composed demeanor, profound disappointment lurked within her.
Benny remained silent, his expression speaking volumes and confirming his stance.
Flossie’s hands trembled subtly, signaling the shattering of her last trace of hope.
Initially, Flossie believed Benny would share her excitement for their baby’s arrival, envisioning a surprise announcement for him.
However, it appeared that the presence of this baby came as trouble to Benny.
It turned out to be mere wishful thinking on her part.
For a prolonged moment, both Benny and Flossie remained silent.
Benny sought to delicately explain, “Given our youth and unmarried status, the baby…”
“Stop!” Flossie’s patience wore thin, and she cut off Benny’s words.
“I understand without further explanation.
If you’re against having our baby, I’ll take care of it myself.
Leave.
I need rest.
”
With a furrowed brow, Benny urged, “Please, try to relax.
”
“How can I be calm?” Flossie’s eyes welled with tears.
“I’ve misjudged you all along.
Because of you, I’m losing my closest friends.
And now, you’re asking me to terminate my pregnancy.
Why should I always bend to your desires? Have you ever thought about my emotions?”
Benny responded coolly, “I didn’t reveal the entire plan earlier to spare your emotions.
Since the beginning of our relationship, I’ve been clear about not wanting children.
Be understanding and considerate, please, and consider having an abortion.
I still care deeply for you, even without a baby.
”
“Even the fiercest tiger protects its cubs.
Benny, you…” Flossie’s vision dimmed and then she fainted, probably due to her heightened emotions or a result of her intense emotions throughout the day.
Benny swiftly caught her, laid her on the bed, and summoned the doctor.
Edmund, concerned about Flossie’s well-being, arranged for a doctor to be on standby downstairs before leaving.
Upon receiving the phone call, the doctor promptly went upstairs.
Upon examining Flossie, the doctor advised Benny, “Avoid further stimulation for Miss Diaz.
”
Benny closed his eyes solemnly as he observed Flossie’s unconscious state, feeling a weight in his heart.
“I apologize.
I understand you’re sad, but I must proceed.
Please don’t hold it against me.
”
In the hospital, Stella attempted to reach Flossie, yet each dial resulted in frustration, unable to breach the communication barrier.
Persistently, she dialed Flossie’s number repeatedly, clinging stubbornly to hope with each futile attempt.
###chapter1720
Unable to bear witness to Stella’s anguish any longer, Miley gently extracted the phone from her grasp.
“Let it go for now.
Don’t delve into Flossie’s affairs just yet.
I’m sure she’ll explain everything in due time.
”
Seeing Stella’s rare moment of vulnerability, Miley’s sympathy deepened.
She helped Stella to her feet, urging, “First, change out of this dress.
You can’t keep wearing this.
And when Matthew awakens, he wouldn’t want to see you in such distress.
”
At the mention of Matthew’s name, Stella’s eyes twitched slightly, finally responding to Miley’s words.
Miley guided her to the adjacent ward, where Fernando had left a set of clothes for Stella.
Since Matthew’s injury, strict measures were put in place to safeguard against potential threats, confining access to the entire floor solely to medical personnel.
As Stella shed the wedding gown, the sight of bloodstains provoked a pang of anguish within her.
She shut her eyes tightly, endeavoring to suppress the bitterness that threatened to consume her.
“Stella?” Miley’s gentle rap on the door conveyed her concern, fearing the worst for Stella’s well-being.
Stella emerged from the room, her red and swollen eyes betraying her silent anguish.
Miley, ever attentive, noticed her condition immediately.
Her gaze fell upon Stella’s reddened knee, likely the result of an unnoticed accident.
With a resigned sigh, Miley guided her onward.
Meanwhile, Neville conversed with the bodyguards; their exchange concluded, and Miley approached Neville, conveying Stella’s injury.
“Stella hurt her knee.
Can you fetch some ointment from Cordell and bring back dinner?”
Neville nodded promptly, hastening to fulfill the task.
Shortly after, Cordell arrived personally with the ointment.
Seated on a bench in the corridor, Stella remained eerily still, her demeanor resembling that of a lifeless figure.
Miley, armed with the ointment, expressed her gratitude to Cordell before turning her attention to Stella’s injury.
With gentle hands, she applied the ointment to Stella’s reddened knee and shin, mindful of any signs of discomfort.
Yet, Stella remained unresponsive throughout the process.
Witnessing Stella in such a state stirred a deep sense of compassion within Miley.
She offered solace through her silent presence, a comforting embrace amidst the palpable sorrow.
Half an hour passed, and Neville returned with the meal.
Miley set up the food box and utensils, urging Stella to eat.
“You need to eat something to keep your strength up.
You can’t afford to collapse before Matthew wakes up.
”
With a heavy heart, Stella bowed her head, setting the food aside.
She shook her head wearily, her voice strained and tired as she replied, “I’m not hungry.
You go ahead and eat.
”
Undeterred, Miley insisted, placing the utensils back into her grasp.
“You’re the pillar of the entire Clark family now.
If you falter, the elders will be left without support,” she reasoned.
Reluctantly, Stella conceded and began to eat, spurred by Miley’s words.
###chapter1721
Meanwhile, news of Matthew’s injuries circulated online, igniting a frenzy of speculation among netizens.
“Oh my God! Did you see the video? Matthew’s been seriously hurt! No updates yet.
He’s probably dead.
A funeral right after the wedding?”
“The old chairman’s too frail to manage the group alone.
Matthew’s the sole heir.
If he doesn’t pull through, what will become of the company?”
“Rumor has it, it wasn’t an accident or revenge.
It was the act of an illegitimate son within the Clark family.
Brothers turning against each other.
”
“What? An illegitimate son in the Clark family? If Matthew doesn’t make it, will there be a new CEO for Prosperity Group?”
As Elizabeth perused the news from her hotel room, unease settled within her.
Her heart twisted with concern as she pondered Matthew’s condition.
Was he truly in such dire straits?
‘s BunnyBookery
The thought of him saving Stella at the cost of his own life churned within her, igniting a storm of conflicting emotions.
The mere thought left her despondent; Stella was nothing short of a jinx.
Despite her anger simmering just beneath the surface, Elizabeth’s attention shifted to Bella, who lay sleeping nearby Bella had been through a traumatic experience at the wedding drifting into a daze upon her return.
Elizabeth stayed by her side, consoling her until she finally found solace in sleep.
Just as Elizabeth prepared to depart for the hospital, Bella stirred from her slumber.
She caught Bella murmuring Stella’s name in her sleep.
A furrow creased Elizabeth’s brow, halting her in her tracks.
Then, Bella uttered another name “Kori…”
Elizabeth’s expression darkened.
She feared something unpredictable might unfold, prompting her to abandon her hospital visit after a brief hesitation.
Then, she reached for her phone, issuing a directive.
“Keep a vigilant watch over the hospital.
Notify me immediately of any updates regarding Matthew.
”
The Prosperity Group issued a solemn statement attempting to quell online rumors.
They assured the public that Matthew was safe and would recover soon.
However, Matthew’s continued absence fueled speculation.
People started believing he wouldn’t recover.
Despite Waldo’s efforts to stabilize the company, the Prosperity Group’s stock price plummeted for three consecutive days.
Desperate to reassure shareholders, he scheduled a meeting.
But none of his reassurances seemed to be getting to the members of board.
The room buzzed with worried chatter and escalating arguments.
Waldo felt a pressure building in his temples.
Just then, the door burst open, revealing Benny and a flustered receptionist.
Waldo erupted in fury.
Slamming his fist on the table, he bellowed, “What are you doing here?”
“Grandfather,” said Benny with a faint smirk.
###chapter1722
The term only inflamed Waldo further.
His face hardened.
“Don’t mock me! Matthew is my only grandson!”
“Are you sure?” Benny countered with a sneer.
The last shred of family affection he had toward Waldo was gone.
“Things have changed, haven’t they?”
He tossed a document on the table, his eyes daring Waldo to open it.
As Waldo scanned the papers, his face darkened anew.
The document revealed Benny’s secret acquisition of company shares, making him the second-largest shareholder after Matthew.
Waldo gripped his cane for support, his voice a low growl.
“You… How long have you been behind this?”
Benny let out a humorless chuckle.
“The specifics are unimportant.
ALL that matters is I’m now in charge of the Prosperity Group.
”
Waldo sputtered, fury contorting his face, “You’re a madman! Bastard!”
Benny remained unfazed by the insults.
“Call me what you will, but our blood ties are undeniable.
Relax, Grandfather.
I’ll take care of the company.
You can retire in peace.
”
Waldo’s heart hammered against his ribs.
He raised his cane, pointing it accusingly at Benny.
Before he could utter another word, a wave of pain washed over him.
Clutching his chest, he slumped unconscious in his chair.
Panic gripped Fernando.
Ignoring Benny’s presence, he rushed Waldo to the hospital.
‘s BunnyBookery
An eerie silence descended upon the room.
Benny met the gazes of the shareholders, his eyes glinting with newfound power.
“Effective immediately,” he declared, “I am the new CEO of the Prosperity Group.
”
The shareholders exchanged apprehensive glances.
No one dared to voice their concerns in the face of this unexpected power shift.
Ignoring their apprehension, Benny slammed a cooperation project document with Edmund onto the table.
“The Prosperity Group will reach new heights under my leadership.
We’ll become a global leader! Work hard, and you’ll be rewarded.
But betrayal will have consequences.
”
The rattled shareholders, cowed by Benny’s threats and his connection to Waldo, offered their reluctant support.
Benny had become the new CEO.
Once the meeting was over, Benny strode into Matthew’s office, a triumphant smile playing on his lips.
He settled into the chair, savoring his victory.
Meanwhile, at the hospital…
Stella remained oblivious to the company’s upheaval.
She sat anxiously outside Matthew’s ward.
She’d sent multiple messages to Flossie but all of them went unanswered, which added to her despair.
Bella arrived to find Stella lost in thought, feeling sorry for her.
“How’s Matthew?” She placed a hand on Stella’s shoulder.
“I contacted the doctors of Dorburn.
They’ll find a solution.
He’ll be okay, Stella.
”
Stella looked up at Bella, her throat tightening.
Since Matthew’s accident, Stella had been on edge, teetering on the brink of emotional collapse.
Bella’s comforting presence finally allowed her to release the pent-up emotions she had been holding back.
In an instant, Stella broke down in tears, burying her face into Bella’s embrace.
###chapter1723
Bella’s own eyes welled with tears as she gently patted Stella’s back, offering soft words of comfort.
Gradually, Stella’s sobs subsided as she drifted to sleep.
Bella tenderly brushed a stray strand of hair from Stella’s forehead, a soft sigh escaping her lips.
Seemingly lost in a dream, Stella nuzzled closer to Bella.
Tears dampened Bella’s sleeve as Stella clung to her tightly.
In a barely audible whisper, Stella murmured, “Mom…”
Bella looked at Stella without blinking as if making sure she had heard it right.
After confirming Stella had really uttered the word “mom”, she was shocked.
But after thinking about it for a while, she calmed down.
Bella had learned about Stella’s background.
Stella’s parents died when she was a child, and she was adopted by another family.
She was really a poor girl.
After experiencing so many things in life, Stella finally found happiness.
But suddenly, an accident happened.
It was not easy for her to be strong enough to hold on.
Bella gave Stella a few comforting pats on the shoulder and sat there quietly with her for a long time.
She didn’t leave the hospital until Miley came back.
When Bella returned to the hotel, Elizabeth was in her room, talking with someone on the phone.
When she saw Bella, she told the person on the other end of the line, “You don’t need to look for her anymore.
”
Then, she hung up and hurriedly walked to Bella, observing Bella’s expression.
She asked, “Mom, where have you been? Why didn’t you answer my call?”
She acted like a spoiled child.
But deep inside her, she was actually uneasy.
Bella didn’t respond to Elizabeth’s questions.
Since Elizabeth and Stella didn’t get along well, Bella thought there was no need to let Elizabeth know she went to the hospital.
After a moment of silence, Bella just said, “You go back to Dorburn first.
Stella has just suffered such a big blow.
I plan to stay in Seamarsh to accompany her for a while.
”
“Why do you want to stay with her?” Elizabeth asked.
She instinctively became vigilant.
Bella explained, “In addition to attending Stella’s wedding, I also wanted to announce to the public that she would take over my studio soon.
But now that such a thing has happened, she must not be in the mood to deal with other things.
So, I plan to discuss it with her when she feels better.
”
Her explanation was very reasonable.
But Elizabeth still felt uneasy.
She had long discovered that although Bella couldn’t remember the past, her care for Stella was unique.
Therefore, she didn’t want Bella to have too much contact with Stella.
When Elizabeth thought of Stella, she was even more dissatisfied.
For her, Stella was a scheming bitch.
Not only did she make Matthew’s safety uncertain, but she also pretended to be pitiful to make Bella care for her.
If this was the situation, she definitely couldn’t Leave.
But Elizabeth knew she could no longer change Bella’s mind.
She hesitated for a while before she said, “Mom, you’re not in good health recently.
Anyway, I don’t have anything important to do when I go back.
It’s better for me to stay with you.
In that case, I can be relieved.
Besides, if Stella needs help, Andrew and I can also help.
”
She spoke sincerely and even mentioned Andrew.
So, Bella couldn’t find any reason to doubt her.
Therefore, Bella nodded in agreement.
“Okay.
You can stay if you want.
”
###chapter1724
After Elizabeth came out of Bella’s room, her smile vanished at once.
Her expression became fierce.
She could ignore Stella’s vying for Bella’s attention.
But if something happened to Matthew, she would not let Stella go.
When Andrew came out of the room next door, he happened to see Elizabeth.
Since the wedding, he had been wanting to see Elizabeth.
But she refused, saying she needed to take care of Bella.
Andrew’s face darkened when he noticed the strong sense of hatred on Elizabeth’s face.
He walked up to her and forcibly dragged her to the staircase without saying a word.
Elizabeth was hurt.
When she saw clearly who it was, she asked in confusion, “Andrew, are you out of your mind?”
But Andrew turned a deaf ear to Elizabeth.
He slammed her against the wall, pressed her shoulders, and looked at her coldly.
“Did you get involved in this matter?”
“What are you talking about?”
Elizabeth didn’t understand what he meant for a moment.
The look in her eyes was not friendly at all.
“The matter about Matthew being shot at his wedding.
”
Andrew’s words were brief and concise.
“Why are you accusing me? Are you crazy? I didn’t do it.
Let go of me!” Elizabeth struggled hard, but her strength was no match for Andrew.
After all, she was a woman.
Although she denied it, Andrew didn’t believe her.
He had known about the crazy things Elizabeth did to Stella in Seamarsh.
It could be said that she could resort to any possible means to achieve her goal.
Therefore, he didn’t believe Elizabeth’s real intention of coming here was to attend the wedding and send her blessings.
Andrew held Elizabeth’s arm tightly, watched her coldly as she struggled, and said, “Take my advice.
Give up Matthew, and don’t hurt them anymore.
”
Elizabeth shook off his hands with all her strength and glared at Andrew.
Then, she said in an unfriendly tone, “Who do you think you are? It’s none of your business.
”
Later that afternoon, Benny convened a group meeting to halt all projects initiated by Matthew and to prioritize collaboration efforts with Edmund’s company.
Upon hearing this directive, the executives exchanged concerned glances with one another.
The order seemed blatantly unjustified, leading them to speculate boldly that it stemmed from a personal grudge.
With Benny now wielding absolute authority within Prosperity Group and Matthew’s situation remaining precarious, the executives with dissenting opinion hesitated to speak up, aware of the potential consequences.
Benny stated calmly, “With no ions from anyone, we’ll consider it settled.
”
Just as the meeting neared its conclusion, Breck, the market department’s director, spoke up.
“Mr.
Clifford, I respectfully disagree.
”
###chapter1725
Benny narrowed his eyes at Breck.
Feeling the weight of Benny’s threatening gaze bearing down on him, Breck hesitated briefly before gathering his courage to speak up under the mounting pressure of the situation.
“Half of our projects are already in progress, and the investments in manpower and resources are substantial.
Abandoning them at this juncture would not only be unwise but also impractical.
I urge you to take a moment to reconsider this decision.
”
Several others murmured in agreement.
“Breck Marshall, correct?” Benny’s gaze toward Breck turned frosty, yet he maintained a polite smile as he remarked, “Your concern for the company reflects positively on you, aligning with Prosperity Group’s values.
However, I made this decision after careful consideration.
I hope you’ll support my decision.
”
Benny’s polite demeanor masked his reluctance to entertain ions, solidifying his sole authority in making the final decision.
Breck was well aware of Benny’s intention to remove all traces of Matthew from Prosperity Group.
Although Benny appeared attentive to everyone’s input during the meeting, his true motive was to maintain a facade of reasonableness while pursuing his agenda.
Breck held back his thoughts and refrained from overestimating his influence.
Following the meeting, Benny stormed back to his office and slammed the documents onto his desk with force.
Wearing a grim expression, he dialed a number, commanding, “Look into Breck’s background.
”
True to his expectations, Benny unearthed a revelation after the investigation.
Breck had kept in contact with Fernando ever since Benny joined Prosperity Group.
Benny’s expression darkened further after hearing the report from his subordinate.
Benny grimaced at Breck’s audacity to conspire with Fernando behind his back.
With a scornful smirk, Benny issued the order.
“Take care of Breck.
”
He felt a surge of satisfaction after ending the call.
Relaxed, he leaned back in his chair, surveying the office.
Everything had gone according to plan.
Benny vowed not to tolerate anyone disrupting his agenda.
A knock interrupted the silence.
“Mr.
Clifford, Mr.
Edmund Hanson has arrived,” announced the voice at the door.
Benny maintained his composure.
“Allow him in,” he responded evenly.
Edmund entered, and Benny gestured for his assistant to step out and shut the door.
With only the two of them remaining, Benny ushered Edmund to the sofa and settled in himself.
Benny, though courteous, maintained a hint of caution in his gaze.
“What brings you here so unexpectedly?” he inquired.
“Indeed, I have news to share with you.
Noting Benny’s guarded expression, Edmund responded casually.
”
###chapter1726
Edmund, instead of diving straight into business, glanced around the office and directed his attention to the CEO’s chair nearby.
“How does it feel to occupy this seat?” he inquired, a faint smile gracing his lips.
Benny followed Edmund’s gaze, memories of his struggles and losses flooding his mind, fueling his animosity toward the Clark family.
Crossing his legs, Benny spoke with a lazy yet resolute tone.
“This seat may be comfortable, but it’s not my end goal.
I aim to have complete ownership of the entire Prosperity Group.
”
Edmund valued Benny’s ambition, a significant factor in his decision to collaborate with Benny.
Abandoning small talk, Edmund addressed his purpose directly, stating, “Your presidency at Prosperity Group marks the beginning of our successful.
collaboration.
”
Benny grasped the intent behind Edmund’s visit.
His gaze narrowed slightly in response.
As anticipated, Edmund’s following statement aimed to compel Benny to honor their initial agreement.
“Per our prior arrangement, it’s time for you to uphold your end.
When can I expect to receive 50% ownership of Prosperity Group?”
Giving Benny a penetrating gaze, Edmund subtly expressed his seriousness.
Though he wore a smile, his eyes conveyed a sense of pressure.
Benny remained silent, his mind racing to find a convincing excuse to fend off Edmund’s persistence.
In the past, he’d confidently made promises, relying on Edmund’s bond with Flossie.
He believed Edmund’s guilt over her would prevent him from being pushy.
But now, Edmund’s insistence shattered Benny’s illusions, revealing that he had been treating Benny as little more than a stranger.
Despite his dissatisfaction, Benny concealed it, wary of Edmund’s influence.
“It’s not that I’m unwilling,” he said.
“With Matthew’s condition uncertain, the company’s watching closely.
I raised our plan at the meeting today, but it didn’t go well.
There were dissenting voices.
Taking 50% of Prosperity Group now would stir chaos.
You wouldn’t want that, right?”
Benny’s facade crumbled under Edmund’s penetrating gaze.
His schemes laid bare.
Edmund’s demeanor turned cold.
“You’re clever, but don’t attempt deceit.
I can elevate you to lead Prosperity Group, but I can also make you suffer like Matthew.
”
Benny fell silent, weighing the risks of engaging with Edmund.
It was like taming a wild beast without being mauled.
But he refused to be Edmund’s pawn, determined to preserve his autonomy.
Benny pondered silently, seeking a solution.
As he deliberated, his phone rang, breaking the silence with a sharp ring.
“Mr.
Clifford.
” The maid’s voice quivered on the other end.
“Miss Diaz hasn’t eaten all day, and she’s barricaded herself in her room.
I’ve knocked, but no response.
I fear something might happen.
”
Benny’s eyes narrowed as he replied, “Understood.
”
After the call, he brainstormed for a plan.
Turning to Edmund, he said, “I won’t renege on my promise.
After Matthew’s passing, our agreement stands.
”
He kept the fact that Flossie was confined to the apartment to himself.
The weight of Edmund’s pressure reminded him that, for now, he held some leverage in their negotiations simply by being Flossie’s boyfriend.
###chapter1727
Flossie remained his sole bargaining chip against Edmund.
Edmund tapped his fingers on the armrest, his gaze dropping.
Finally, he said, “Matthew’s clinging to life in ICU, but not for long.
”
The implication hung heavy: regardless of Benny’s honesty, Edmund would claim his share.
Benny’s expression darkened.
Then Edmund inquired, “How’s Flossie coping?”
Benny replied calmly, “She fell ill after the wedding and didn’t want company.
I had to hire a maid to take care of her in order to persuade her to eat.
”
Edmund, unsuspecting, advised, “Given recent events, her reaction is understandable.
Keep close and inform me of any issues.
”
With that, Edmund excused himself, taking a call and departing.
Alone again, Benny rushed home.
Upon arrival, the maid hastened to meet him, detailing Flossie’s predicament.
“Miss Diaz has secluded herself in her room all day.
I’ve reheated her food countless times, but she still refuses to eat.
”
The maid’s concern for Flossie was palpable, tinged with fear of reproach.
Without a word, Benny grabbed some of Flossie’s favorite dishes and sauntered into her room.
Setting the food on the table, he found Flossie lying on the bed, eyes shut, seemingly oblivious.
Aware of her wakefulness, Benny said calmly, “Even if you’re upset, you need to eat.
We can talk later.
”
Flossie remained motionless.
Benny drew nearer, sitting on the edge of the bed, gently brushing her hair aside.
“Please, don’t be mad.
I know I messed up.
Now that I’m with Prosperity Group, I’ll make certain that you’re cared for.
I’m just reclaiming what’s mine.
”
His tone softened, but his face remained firm.
“If you hadn’t saved me, Matthew would’ve killed me.
It was one of us-either Matthew or me.
So, he got what was coming.
”
At his words, Flossie’s eyes snapped open, red and fixed on Benny’s face.
Benny’s slender fingers caressed Flossie’s cheek gently as he spoke.
“Please, don’t be angry and have dinner first.
”
Turning away, Benny retrieved the plate and returned to the bed, ready to feed her.
Having sat up, Flossie shook his hand away, causing the plate to crash to the floor.
Benny remained calm despite the mess.
“If the food isn’t to your liking, I’ll have it prepared again,” he offered.
Flossie cut to the chase, questioning, “Why am I being kept here? What are your intentions regarding me and the baby?”
###chapter1728
In response to her inquiries, Benny countered, “You’re overthinking.
I don’t share your concerns.
I’ve noticed your recent mood swings; hence, I think it’s best for you to remain at home for now.
If you’re feeling bored, I can make an effort to come home daily and take you for walks downstairs.
”
In the past, Flossie might have been touched, but now, knowing Benny’s true nature, she merely sneered.
Flossie gazed at Benny with a cold smile and inquired, “Since I’ve misunderstood your intentions, could you return my phone?”
Benny’s expression remained unchanged as he calmly declined, “The situation outside is chaotic.
I’ll hold onto your phone for now.
Try not to let it bother you.
”
Repeated refusals of Flossie’s requests, combined with her existing resentment toward Benny, culminated in a sudden eruption of all her emotions at that moment.
In a swift motion, she threw off the quilt and declared, “Fine, I don’t need my phone.
I’ll go to my father’s.
”
Benny swiftly grabbed Flossie as she opened the door, shutting it firmly once more.
Holding her tightly, Benny implored, “Please calm down.
I’ve been incredibly busy lately.
Do you understand the significance of these times for me? You used to support me in every decision.
Am I not as worthy as Stella in your eyes?”
Flossie fought fiercely and exclaimed, “Release me! I have no part in your plans.
I’m uninterested in your affairs and don’t wish to know your intentions.
I want to sever all contact with you!”
Her eyes welled up with tears, and she teetered on the brink of emotional collapse.
Seeing her intensity, Benny sighed, “I apologize.
”
In a swift motion, he struck Flossie on the back of her head, causing her to collapse into his embrace.
Gently Lifting Flossie, Benny Laid her back on the bed, observing her silently.
Just then, a message flashed on his phone screen.
“We’ve got rid of him.
”
Reading the message, Benny swiftly deleted it and set his phone down.
Extending his hand, he caressed her gently, his eyes carrying a weighty emotion.
Only when she was in a coma could she be quiet.
The brief shadow of melancholy crossed his face, dissipating quickly as he resumed his indifferent demeanor upon opening his eyes anew.
Meanwhile, in the hospital, Waldo emerged from a coma, finding Stella faithfully watching over him as he glanced around.
“Stella, how’s Matthew doing?” His voice, hoarse and filled with concern, questioned her.
Meeting his concerned gaze with sorrowful eyes, Stella shook her head gently, responding, “He hasn’t changed.
”
Waldo let out a deep sigh, his suppressed anger resurfacing at the thought of Benny’s authoritative presence in the group.
He vented in frustration, “It’s my fault.
I shouldn’t have underestimated that heartless scoundrel from the start.
”
His words were interrupted by a heavy cough.
Despite her own melancholy, Stella attempted to console Waldo, “Please don’t be upset.
Focus on your health first.
We can discuss this when Matthew wakes up.
”
###chapter1729
Waldo remained silent; his expression aged within a matter of seconds.
Once she ensured his comfort, Stella exited the ward and headed back to the ICU.
Gazing through the window at the unconscious Matthew, Stella felt her heart ache, almost breathless with emotion.
Never could they have imagined their joyful wedding would culminate in such circumstances.
Observing Matthew, she shed silent tears, whispering, “Please wake up.
I can’t bear this any longer.
”
“Mrs.
Clark, there’s troubling news.
”
Stella remained in the ward throughout the night.
The next day, Fernando arrived with news.
His serious demeanor made Stella uneasy as she inquired, “What’s happened?”
Fernando proceeded to inform Stella about all the recent events in the company, his face reflecting a sense of sadness.
“This morning, I received news that Breck Marshall, the director of the marketing department, was involved in a car accident after work last night and tragically fell off a cliff.
He didn’t survive.
”
“What!” Stella’s shock was evident.
“Are the authorities investigating?”
Confirming, Fernando nodded.
“Yes, the police are involved.
The car showed signs of tampering.
”
Though unspoken, they both understood the implication that Benny was likely involved in the
The individual who raised ions during yesterday’s meeting inexplicably met his demise at the foot of a cliff today.
Such a coincidence was simply beyond belief.
Anger flared within Stella as she clenched her fists, questioning, “Is Benny out of his mind? Is there no limit to his actions?”
Fernando hesitated before continuing, “There’s another issue.
Benny suspended me today.
”
Her expression darkened as she demanded, “Why?”
Fernando’s explanation followed, “He said I collaborated with Breck to obtain confidential company data.
”
Each event seemed interconnected, portraying Benny’s actions as a warning to potential dissenters, forcing them to reconsider opposing him.
Or they could either die or be fired.
Stella fell silent, contemplating the situation.
While everyone was aware of Benny’s schemes, they felt powerless to act against him.
Expressing concern, Fernando spoke gravely.
“The Prosperity Group is in disarray.
If we don’t intervene promptly, it may collapse by the time Matthew regains consciousness.
”
Stella grasped the gravity of the situation.
She gripped her hands so tightly that her knuckles paled, feeling a tinge of helplessness in her heavy heart.
“However, I’ve already resigned.
Despite being Matthew’s wife, I can’t involve myself in company matters.
And we can’t bother Waldo anymore considering his delicate condition.
”
Observing Matthew’s unconscious form, Stella’s emotions were a complex blend.
###chapter1730
Her desire for him to wake up stemmed from selfishness.
However, if Prosperity Group ceased to exist upon his awakening, what path would Matthew take?
Suddenly, Fernando proposed, “There’s an alternative.
”
Stella lifted her gaze toward him.
Benny and Emery were seated across from each other in Prosperity Group.
He glanced at the face before him, reminiscent of Evelyn’s, momentarily entranced.
Breaking his reverie, he announced, “Breck Marshall, the marketing department director, met with an accident last night.
The position is open temporarily.
I’ll assign it to you soon.
”
Emery pondered briefly before sneering, “The Prosperity Group has numerous capable individuals.
Why select me? I’m a wealthy but inexperienced girl.
Aren’t you concerned I’ll ruin everything?”
Benny explained, “This is Emil’s request.
”
Her father?
Emery frowned and remained silent, her lips tightly sealed.
As she prepared to depart, Emery added with intrigue, “Is that all? Could it be because I resemble your ex?”
Noticing Benny’s cold demeanor, Emery continued curiously, “Do I truly resemble Evelyn?”
With a cold glare, Benny stated bluntly, “This is personal.
Focus less on my private affairs.
”
Emery didn’t dwell on it, feeling sympathy for Flossie instead.
Had her boyfriend been unable to move past his ex, she would’ve ended the relationship long ago.
Facing Benny’s cold stare, Emery sneered and remarked sarcastically, “I couldn’t care less about your personal affairs.
My only suggestion is to cherish what you have and not to be greedy.
Flossie is a valuable person.
You should appreciate her.
Otherwise, if she decides one day, she’ll walk away for good.
”
With that, Emery grabbed her bag and exited without glancing back, denying Benny the opportunity to respond.
Benny remained motionless in his seat until Emery’s figure vanished completely.
His thoughts lingered on his sentiments toward Flossie.
While thankful for Flossie saving him, no one could fill Evelyn’s place in his heart.
He resolved to provide Flossie with a stable life but refused to let her have children, considering it a betrayal to Evelyn.
Having decided, Benny contacted the hospital promptly, instructing, “Schedule the abortion without delay.
”
Benny was caught off guard when he received the notification for the general shareholders’ meeting in the afternoon, sensing an unusual undertone.
When he entered the meeting room, Benny’s expression soured immediately upon spotting Fernando.
In the presence of the shareholders, Benny’s demeanor turned cold as he questioned, “Why is the suspended individual still present within the company?”
###chapter1731
He appeared to recollect something and remarked, “You arranged this meeting.
”
His words were more of a declaration than an inquiry.
Fernando responded with a composed yet icy tone, “Mr.
Clifford, we have a significant announcement to make.
”
A brief moment of panic flashed across Benny’s face.
What could be the subject of their announcement?
Could it be that Matthew had regained consciousness?
However, that seemed highly unlikely, as there had been no updates from his men stationed in the hospital regarding Matthew’s condition.
After a moment of reflection, Benny regained his composure.
He fixed Fernando with a stern look, caution evident in his eyes, and instructed, “Remember, you’re still under suspension.
You’re not permitted to meddle in any company matters.
Let’s not waste everyone’s time.
Please leave immediately.
”
The moment Benny concluded his words, the meeting room door swung open from the outside.
Stella stepped in alongside a _ lawyer, instantly capturing everyone’s focus.
Clad in formal attire and exuding a composed air, Stella offered a calm apology to the shareholders, expressing regret for her tardiness.
“I apologize for my delay and any inconvenience caused.
”
The shareholders exchanged uncertain glances.
Following Matthew’s accident, events unfolded rapidly within the company, leaving everyone uncertain about what might transpire next.
Consequently, they were unable to speculate on the reason for Stella’s abrupt appearance in the company.
Fernando approached Stella decisively, indicating his alignment.
Benny sensed that both of them were overestimating their influence.
Was Fernando under the impression that he could depend on Stella?
Benny smirked, directing a disdainful question at Stella.
“What brings you here?”
Rather than responding verbally, Stella gestured for the lawyer to address the gathering.
The lawyer made a public declaration.
“I’ve been entrusted by Mr.
Matthew Clark.
He has transferred 10% of his Prosperity Group shares to his wife.
”
Benny’s expression shifted, though he swiftly regained composure.
He regarded Stella with disdain before questioning, “What good is 10% ownership? It merely grants you shareholder status, doesn’t it?”
Stella responded composedly, “Mr.
Clifford, please refrain from jumping to conclusions.
”
Observing her composed and self-assured demeanor, Benny’s mood soured significantly.
Stella elaborated, “Matthew allocated 10% of the shares to me previously.
He also left additional documentation with the lawyer.
”
Following Stella’s instruction, the lawyer proceeded, “Mr.
Matthew Clark stipulated that in the event of any unforeseen circumstances, all of his shares would be under the authority of his wife.
”
Stella asserted, “Mr.
Clifford, do you comprehend? I now possess an equal stake as you do, and I insist on a fresh election for the company’s leadership.
”
Ever since assuming the role of CEO at Prosperity Group, Benny had become autocratic and disregarded others’ opinions.
The shareholders in attendance harbored longstanding animosity toward him.
Moreover, rumors surrounding Breck intensified their dissatisfaction with Benny.
Currently, everyone hoped that Stella could keep Benny in check.
Consequently, several individuals supported Stella immediately after her speech concluded.
“Given your equal share, a re-selection process is warranted.
”
“Considering Mrs.
Clark’s past contributions as Mr.
Clark’s collaborator and her role as the originator of Prosperity Group’s clothing department, she merits reconsideration for leadership within the company.
”
Discussions continued, and Benny’s expression grew darker as the majority aligned themselves with Stella.
His gaze turned sharp, resembling that of a lurking predator, tinged with a hint of aggression.
During this moment, a shareholder, uninterested in taking sides but aiming for a bonus, suggested, “Since we’re at an impasse, let’s level the playing field.
Why don’t Mr.
Clifford and Mrs.
Clark each head a team and oversee separate projects? Whoever generates more profit from their project will assume the presidency.
”
The proposal’s directness and impartiality garnered agreement from both sides.
“Alright, I agree to this challenge.
”
Stella voiced no ion, and Benny was compelled to agree.
Following the meeting, the shareholders departed.
Exiting the meeting together, Benny halted, glanced at Stella with a sideways gaze, and cautioned, “Your husband is in a critical situation.
If you neglect staying with Matthew at the hospital to pursue work here, be cautious; you may lose both your spouse and financial assets eventually.
”
His eyes exuded cruelty, his tone turned cold and sarcastic, and the final words dripped with even more chilling intensity.
###chapter1732
Facing Benny’s threats, Stella’s expression turned icy.
After containing her emotions for a moment, she spoke in a chilling tone.
“You’ve committed countless reckless acts.
Justice will find you sooner or later.
”
Benny just scoffed dismissively, “I’ve nearly died several times, so I fear no punishment.
Instead of wasting your breath on me, you might want to consider your next steps should your husband never wake up.
”
With that, Benny turned and walked away, leaving Stella staring at his retreating figure until he vanished.
Suddenly drained, she nearly collapsed.
Fernando quickly steadied her, his voice laced with concern.
“Are you okay?”
Stella merely gave him a slow nod.
The strain of recent days had been immense, forcing her to maintain a facade of strength against Benny.
Now that the confrontation was over, the relief was overwhelming, and she realized just how exhausted she was.
Things had seemingly gone smoothly today, but it was no time for complacency.
Regaining her composure, Stella asked, “Which projects has Benny halted?”
Fernando answered, “There are two major ones: film and television, and clothing.
The clothing line at Prosperity Group was gaining momentum, and Matthew had plans to expand it internationally, starting with a partnership with Bella.
”
After a moment of thought, Stella decided to prioritize the clothing project.
It was a domain she knew well, and she was confident Bella would support her.
This approach not only offered a substantial opportunity for success, but also ensured that she kept advancing steadily.
She couldn’t consider relinquishing control of Prosperity Group, not while Matthew was still unresponsive.
Her deepest hope was that when Matthew awoke, he would return to a thriving enterprise.
Stella shared her strategy with Fernando and instructed, “Organize all the documents related to the previous clothing project and bring them to me.
”
“Of course.
If there’s anything else you need, just tell me.
I’ll do whatever I can to assist,” Fernando responded earnestly.
Reassured by Fernando’s support, Stella felt a weight Lift off her shoulders.
As she prepared to leave, another question occurred to her.
“Who’s currently heading the marketing department?”
Given Benny’s tendencies, it was Likely he had already placed one of his allies in that position.
“The marketing director is Emery Morgan,” Fernando informed her.
“She’s the daughter of Emil.
”
Stella paused, deep in thought.
Fernando added, “It appears there’s some sort of collaboration between Emil and Benny, though the specifics are unclear.
I’m not familiar with Emery’s character yet, so I can’t provide a clear opinion on her.
”
This information seemed to align with Stella’s suspicions.
“Are you considering dismissing her?” Fernando queried.
###chapter1733
Stella shook her head.
“No, as long as she does nothing to harm Prosperity Group, she can stay.
”
She was different from Benny; she had morals and wouldn’t resort to his level of ruthlessness.
Her primary focus was on removing him from the company.
Fernando understood and nodded.
“Okay.
”
As they walked on, Stella issued another directive.
“Keep investigating Breck’s death.
It’s connected to Benny, I’m certain.
Once we have concrete evidence, we’ll confront him systematically.
”
Fernando concurred.
Reaching the elevator, Fernando pressed the button as Stella reflected on Benny’s recent threats, her expression hardening.
She added, “Benny’s reaction today shows his frustration.
Increase security at the hospital to prevent any further incidents.
”
Upon his return to the office, Benny’s countenance transformed into a portrait of fury, prompting him to swiftly remove his tie and loosen two buttons on his shirt, yet his rage remained unabated.
With a surge of anger, he swept everything on the desk to the floor in a violent motion.
The office echoed with the sound of items crashing, and the floor was left in disarray.
Placing his hands on the desk, he pounded it with two clenched fists, venting his frustration.
His current position had been hard-won, and he had been confident of victory until Stella intervened.
“Stella!” Benny spat out her name through clenched teeth.
His carefully laid plans had been unraveled by a woman!
With Matthew absent, he couldn’t believe Stella had the audacity to oppose him.
Benny seethed with annoyance.
The woman he had underestimated had turned out to be the one in his way.
His thoughts were abruptly interrupted by the ringing of his phone.
Seeing Edmund’s name on the caller ID only worsened Benny’s already foul mood.
At this moment, he didn’t want to engage with Edmund.
The persistent ringing of the phone left Benny with no choice but to answer.
After his attempts to calm himself, he reluctantly pressed the answer key.
“When do you plan to give me the shares of Prosperity Group you promised?” Edmund’s urgency was palpable.
Benny’s anger intensified at the mention of the shares, his tone turning unfriendly.
“What other shares do I have? Today, Stella unexpectedly intervened at the company.
Now I’m uncertain if I can retain my position as CEO.
”
Benny recounted the events of the day to Edmund.
Edmund was taken aback.
“Stella? Matthew’s wife?”
He hadn’t paid much attention to Stella before.
He had always regarded her as a woman whose career relied on Matthew’s success at best, believing she couldn’t significantly impact their plans.
Yet, the reality proved otherwise-Stella could disrupt their strategy.
Edmund’s words dripped with cruelty.
“Since she’s so insistent on meddling, we can easily put her in her place.
Dealing with a woman is a simple matter, especially when Matthew isn’t around to protect her.
”
Understanding Edmund’s intention, Benny interjected, “Let’s not act impulsively.
Someone took the fall for shooting Matthew, but with Breck’s recent death, even though it’s ruled as an accident, any harm to Stella now could draw unwanted attention from the police, putting us at a disadvantage.
”
###chapter1734
In a low voice, Edmund pressed, “Do you have an alternative plan? If Matthew wakes up, will Prosperity Group still be entirely under your control?”
Benny responded calmly, “It’s just a competition between me and Stella.
It doesn’t unsettle me.
”
His frustration stemmed from having to waste time dealing with a woman.
He asked, “Do you doubt the potential of our project? I have complete faith that there’s no project in the world more profitable than munitions.
”
Edmund concurred with Benny’s sentiment.
After a brief discussion, Edmund inquired about Flossie’s well-being.
“I haven’t been able to reach her.
Is she feeling any better?”
Benny’s eyes gleamed slightly on the other end of the line.
Dodging the main issue, he deceitfully remarked, “She remains unchanged.
However, she’s been rather unsettled lately and prefers not to engage.
Perhaps she’s still harboring resentment from the wedding incident.
It might be best to allow her additional time.
”
After a pause, Edmund replied, “She’s a sensitive woman.
You should devote more time to her.
Don’t neglect her because of work.
And considering she’s pregnant, her well-being should be our top priority.
I’ll make arrangements to visit her.
”
With that, Edmund ended the call.
Benny experienced conflicting emotions.
He sensed Edmund’s anticipation for the baby’s arrival.
Yet he couldn’t risk Edmund visiting Flossie, fearing it would unveil her house confinement.
He resolved to intercept Edmund first.
Regarding the baby, he intended to fabricate an excuse for its abortion.
Stella returned to the hospital, and shortly after, Bella arrived.
Upon seeing Bella, Stella felt a significant alleviation of the weariness weighing on her heart.
Observing Stella’s weary appearance, Bella asked with concern, “Have you been getting enough rest lately? If this continues, your health might deteriorate.
”
Stella shook her head, responding, “I’m okay, just a bit fatigued.
”
Bella sighed, grasping Stella’s hand in a gesture of support.
“If there’s anything I can do to assist you, please don’t hesitate to ask.
You don’t have to keep everything to yourself.
”
After a moment of reflection, Stella spoke earnestly.
“Actually, there’s something I need your help with…”
Bella grasped Stella’s hand firmly, offering immediate support.
“Tell me how I can assist you.
”
Stella briefed Bella on the wager she had with Benny.
Bella’s expression turned serious as she inquired, “Is Benny the illegitimate child of the Clark family?”
Stella nodded slightly.
Bella refrained from further queries and simply agreed to offer help.
###chapter1735
She wished that Stella could divert her focus and refrain from being consumed by the sorrow caused by Matthew’s unconscious state.
Bella inquired, “What’s your plan? Do you have a clear direction at this point?”
Stella responded, “I aim to collaborate with you in establishing a clothing brand linked to international labels.
Given your extensive work abroad, your insights into overseas demands are invaluable, and I seek your guidance.
”
Despite the pressure, Stella remained level-headed, and her plans were meticulously organized.
Bella admired Stella’s resilience.
Upon hearing Stella’s ideas, Bella smiled warmly and reassured her, “That’s not an issue.
”
During their conversation, Fernando approached with documents containing market research and preliminary plans he had prepared earlier.
Stella meticulously reviewed the pages and noticed numerous similarities in ideas between herself and Matthew.
This realization boosted her confidence in reclaiming control of the company.
After shutting the file, she gazed at the ward, yearning for Matthew’s speedy recovery.
In the following days, despite her busy work on the brand, Stella continued to attend to Matthew’s needs at the hospital.
Eventually, news arrived that Matthew’s condition was improving.
Matthew was moved from the intensive care unit to a regular hospital room.
After completing all the tests, Cordell seemed visibly relieved as he reviewed the reports.
Addressing Stella, Cordell remarked, “Based on these reports, Matthew’s condition is gradually improving.
You’ve been putting in a lot of effort lately.
”
Tears brimmed in Stella’s eyes.
Throughout this time, she had been yearning for Matthew’s speedy recovery.
Suppressing her excitement, Stella inquired, “When do you think he’ll regain consciousness?”
Cordell responded, “It’s uncertain.
He might wake up tonight if conditions are favorable, or it could take longer.
It’s ultimately up to him.
”
Stella felt disheartened; her excitement dampened abruptly, leaving her feeling unsettled.
Cordell reassured her, “Don’t lose hope.
Matthew’s recovery is remarkable given the circumstances.
Be glad he’s out of the critical phase.
Plus, his love for you means he wouldn’t want you to wait endlessly.
”
Stella managed a strained smile and replied, “I hope you’re right.
”
Cordell comforted her, “It’s crucial that you look after yourself too.
Imagine how distressed Matthew would be if he woke up and saw you in this state.
”
Stella remained silent, her lips pressed together in contemplation.
After Cordell left, Stella sat by Matthew’s bedside, holding his hand.
She seemed a bit lost and struggled to stay strong despite her exhaustion.
Softly, she expressed, “I miss you deeply.
Everyone is concerned about you.
If you can hear me, please wake up soon.
Many events unfolded while you were asleep.
Benny aimed to seize control of Prosperity Group and halted all your initial projects.
But don’t worry.
I won’t allow him to gain control of the group.
”
Gazing into Matthew’s closed eyes with sorrow, Stella found herself pouring out her heart to him.
Meanwhile, Benny received word of Matthew’s improvement and was seething with anger at home.
###chapter1736
Benny paced back and forth in the study, feeling restless as he thought about his next move.
Edmund also got the news and called Benny.
“I heard Matthew is about to wake up.
What’s your plan now?”
Edmund’s voice was cold; Matthew’s recovery couldn’t have come at a worse time for them.
“Just remember, once Matthew wakes up, all our hard work will be for nothing.
”
It was such a simple truth; Benny couldn’t ignore it.
He clenched his fists, eyes red with determination.
“I won’t let him wake up.
I’ll find someone to end him.
”
Just then, the maid’s voice interrupted, “Miss Diaz, why are you out of your room?”
Benny hung up abruptly, rushed out, but Flossie wasn’t there.
His expression darkened.
“Where’s Flossie?” he demanded of the maid.
The maid stood in the living room, clutching her apron with her head bowed.
“I’m not sure.
I just came out of the kitchen and saw Miss Diaz standing here.
I thought she needed something.
”
“Never mind.
Carry on with your work,” Benny said coldly.
He turned and headed toward Flossie’s room.
Flossie lay on the bed, closing her eyes, but her lips trembled uncontrollably.
Benny touched Flossie’s head, making her tremble even more.
He looked down, his expression unreadable.
“You heard me, didn’t you?”
Flossie stayed silent, too afraid to open her eyes.
She wished it was all just a bad dream.
She wished she would wake up at Stella’s wedding, surrounded by blessings toward Stella.
But Benny’s cold voice brought her back to reality, reminding her it wasn’t a dream, but the truth.
Benny didn’t hide his intentions.
“I promised to be honest with you.
I really want to end Matthew.
If he died at the wedding, I won’t have to do it again.
”
He placed his hand on Flossie’s head, speaking gently.
“Please understand.
I have to avenge my mother and Evelyn.
Matthew has to pay.
”
Flossie opened her eyes finally.
The room was dimly lit.
She could see Benny’s face, but everything else was blurry.
Benny seemed like a stranger to her now, but she needed an answer.
“You want revenge for your mother and Evelyn, but what about me?”
Benny evaded the question, visibly irritated.
He frowned and said, “I know you’re upset, but don’t make things complicated.
I’m doing all this for our future.
You’re Edmund’s daughter.
If I don’t succeed, I won’t earn his respect.
”
###chapter1737
Flossie wanted to trust Benny, but she was thinking clearly now.
Did Benny truly care for her as much as he claimed?
Maybe, in his heart, his mother and Evelyn were the only ones who mattered.
Maybe she was just a means to his revenge.
But she hoped he wasn’t that heartless.
“I don’t care who you are.
I’ve always been with you for you, not because of your identity.
And I don’t want to be Edmund’s daughter either.
” Sitting on the edge of the bed, Flossie looked at Benny, speaking slowly, trying to appeal to his emotions.
“Please, stop.
Don’t make any more mistakes.
If you give up now, I’ll talk to Stella and Matthew.
We can move away from Seamarsh and start fresh in another city.
They’ll agree.
”
“Stop! Do you even know what you’re saying? It’s been hard for me to get where I am.
I won’t give up my revenge on Matthew and the Clark family!” Benny snapped, shaking off Flossie’s hands angrily.
Flossie fell to the floor, groaning, and clutching her abdomen tightly.
Beads of sweat formed on her forehead as if a saw were cutting through her.
The pain was intense.
Noticing Flossie’s distress, Benny’s expression shifted slightly.
“yihat’s the matter?”
Flossie, looking pale, managed to say weakly, “My tummy.
It really hurts.
”
Without a second thought, Benny scooped up Flossie and rushed her to the hospital.
Flossie awoke in the hospital ward, alone.
Memories of fainting flooded back.
Quickly, she lifted the covers and checked her stomach.
Thankfully, everything seemed normal.
Relief washed over her as she cradled her slightly protruding belly.
This child was her only lifeline.
The world could betray her, but this child was her anchor.
Haunted by Benny’s paranoid look, a deep disappointment settled in.
He’d made a mistake before, and she wouldn’t let him hurt Matthew again.
Leaving the ward, Flossie found a nurse to borrow a phone, intending to call Stella.
But before she could dial Stella’s number, a voice stopped her.
“Flossie? Why are you out of your ward?”
Her back stiffened, rooted to the spot.
Benny stood beside her, his grip on her shoulder strangely unsettling.
His sideways glance felt invasive.
“You’re hurt.
Don’t leave the ward.
”
His voice was soft, but the mere sound of it sent jitters all over Flossie’s body.
His dark eyes locked onto hers.
Her heart nearly stopped beating.
###chapter1738
He took the phone, returning it to the nurse, before scooping Flossie up with a worried air.
“The doctor mentioned possible miscarriage.
You need rest.
Don’t wander around risking another accident.
”
His cold tone sent shivers down her spine.
But she didn’t struggle—she feared for her unborn child.
Placing her on the bed, Benny sighed resignedly.
“You’re so disobedient.
It’s getting difficult.
”
Flossie remained rigid, refusing to meet his gaze.
But he forced her chin up, demanding eye contact.
“Why did you borrow the phone? To warn Stella after learning about my plan for Matthew?”
Flossie’s heart hammered in her chest.
He’d seen through her.
“Do you honestly believe Stella would trust you, knowing you hid the fact that I was alive and gave me the chance to kill Matthew at the wedding?”
Flossie’s expression faltered.
Benny looked away.
“Remember, we’re in this together now.
Help me, don’t betray me.
”
The Benny she knew was gone.
A chilling fear crept up her spine.
It took a long time to muster a voice.
“How can you be so cruel? You’ve changed.
”
“This is the real me,” he said coldly.
He glanced at his watch.
“Time to go.
”
Flossie frowned, wary.
“Where are you taking me?”
His voice returned to normal.
“Just an examination.
Relax.
”
Despite her trepidation, the word “examination” eased her concerns for the moment.
It was only when she was wheeled into the operating room that she felt panic setting in.
She knew something was amiss when the doctor tried to anaesthetize her.
Clutching the doctor’s arm, she demanded coldly “This was supposed to be an examination.
Why do I need anesthesia?”
The doctor’s response chilled her to the bone.
“It’s standard procedure for an abortion, of course.
”
Flossie’s world tilted.
Benny was setting her up for an abortion without her consent? He hadn’t even considered her feelings.
Tears welled up in her reddened eyes, threatening to spill.
She forced them back and struggled to rise.
The doctor, momentarily startled, reached out to stop her.
“Don’t touch me!” Flossie snapped, her voice cracking.
“This isn’t happening! Not without a fight!”
She lunged for the exit, trying to escape the operating room.
###chapter1739
Benny, catching on, scowled and grabbed her arm.
“Where do you think you’re going?”
With nails digging into her palms, Flossie glared at him, her voice dripping with hatred.
“Liar! I hate you!”
In a single, desperate move, she stomped on his foot, breaking free and sprinting out.
Immediately, Benny gave chase.
At the hospital gate, Benny grabbed Flossie’s hand.
“Stop! Come back with me.
”
“Never! I’d rather die!” Flossie shoved him with surprising strength, stumbling back two steps herself.
Just then, a car zoomed in.
Her mind blanked, fear paralyzing her.
Squeak!
“Flossie”
A screech of brakes and Benny’s panicked yell pierced the air simultaneously.
That night, Fernando somehow managed to convince Stella to rest in the neighboring ward.
In the dead of night, the door to Matthew’s ward creaked open.
Fernando, slumped on the sofa, glanced up to see a doctor, but not Cordell.
“What’s going on? Where’s Dr.
Foster?” Fernando demanded.
The doctor lifted his mask, his voice low.
“Dr.
Foster is tied up elsewhere.
He asked me to check on Mr.
Clark every hour.
”
A knot of unease tightened in Fernando’s gut.
Without a word, he reached for his phone, intending to call Cordell and confirm the situation.
The doctor reacted instantly.
As soon as he confirmed his target was lying on the bed, he whipped out a knife, aiming for Matthew’s heart.
A strong grip clamped down on the doctor’s wrist before the blade could connect.
Disoriented, he was picked up and slammed with a thud.
The knife clattered to the floor.
The intruder glared at Fernando, his eyes shifting.
The man quickly picked up the knife and lunged at Fernando.
Fernando reacted quickly, dodging the blade just in time.
His face hardened.
The attacker pressed on, each thrust aimed at vital points.
Barehanded, Fernando was at a significant disadvantage.
He could only evade, with no chance to counter.
The normally quiet ward echoed with the scuffle; muffled grunts, the scr@pe of furniture.
The struggle continued for several rounds.
The attacker grew desperate and lunged again, this time burying the blade in Fernando’s abdomen.
###chapter1740
He ripped the knife free.
Fernando clutched his stomach, his movements noticeably sluggish.
Seizing the opportunity, the man turned toward Matthew.
But before he could raise his hand, it was caught again.
He whirled around and slammed Fernando against the wall in rage.
He stabbed him several times in
the abdomen.
Fernando’s vision blurred, his consciousness fading.
He desperately tried to fight back, but his body wouldn’t obey.
Unable to stand, he slumped down the wall.
‘s BunnyBookery
The attacker scowled and delivered a final, brutal kick before turning toward Matthew.
Just as he was about to strike again, a piercing scream ripped through the ward.
“Damn it!” he cursed under his breath when he saw Stella.
A beat later, the unmistakable sound of footsteps reached his ears.
With a final, frustrated glance back at the growing number of bodyguards, he abandoned his plan and fled through the window.
The bodyguards split into two teams, one pursuing the escapee, the other rushing to secure the ward.
Stella reached Matthew’s bedside, her eyes falling on Fernando lying in a pool of blood.
Multiple wounds marred his body.
His face was entirely bloodless.
She froze, her mind reeling.
Meanwhile, Cordell, having received a short, cryptic phone call from Fernando moments earlier, rushed to the ward.
His heart sank as he surveyed the scene.
Cordell’s gaze darted to Fernando sprawled on the floor.
“Nurse!” he barked.
“Prepare the operating room, now!”
The stunned nurse obeyed without question.
After confirming Matthew’s well-being, Cordell requested a new room for him.
Just as Cordell finished his tasks, the nurse reappeared.
“The operation room is ready,” she reported.
He nodded.
On his way out, he noticed Stella frozen stiff.
Time was of the essence.
He offered a reassuring pat on her shoulder.
“Stay calm.
Look after Matthew and call the nurses if you need anything.
” With that, he hurried away.
Stella remained silent.
Her mind was lost in a harrowing memory of Matthew getting shot and Fernando’s injury.
She only returned to her senses after the nurse repeatedly called her out to change the wards.
###chapter1741
The metallic tang of blood in the air sent a fresh wave of nausea washing over her.
Fighting dizziness, she turned to leave, only to be engulfed by darkness as consciousness slipped away.
When Stella opened her eyes, she saw a vast expanse of white.
She remembered what had happened before she fainted, and she immediately sat up from the bed.
Cordell, standing by her bedside, noticed that she was awake.
He asked concernedly, “Do you feel uncomfortable somewhere?”
Suddenly, Stella remembered Fernando.
A sense of anxiety surged in her heart.
“Where is Fernando? How is he?”
“Don’t worry about him.
The operation was very successful, and no vital parts were injured,” Cordell replied in a low voice.
Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
She murmured, “That’s good…”
At this moment, Neville and Miley arrived.
As soon as they received the news about the intruder, they rushed to the hospital.
Miley sat beside Stella and said worriedly, “Are you feeling better? Why did this happen so suddenly? If I had known, I would have stayed with you in the hospital tonight.
”
“I’m fine.
Don’t worry about me,” Stella said, but her voice sounded so weak.
Miley’s face darkened.
“Was it Benny?”
Stella didn’t say anything, but she was sure that it was Benny who did it.
No one else was so eager to see Matthew dead except him.
“That son of a bitch! What did Matthew do to him? Why is he so eager to kill Matthew? Besides, Matthew is his half-brother.
How can he be so ruthless to Matthew?”
Miley was so angry that she kept cursing Benny.
Then, she turned to Stella and said, “It has been many days.
Haven’t you gotten in touch with Flossie yet?”
Stella shook her head.
Miley became even angrier.
She sneered, “I thought Flossie was a good friend.
It turned out I was wrong.
She betrayed us.
We treated her as our close friend, but she chose to side with Benny.
Such an ungrateful person! Has she forgotten who helped her regain her popularity? How could she betray her friends for a man and watch him harm her friends? From now on, let’s forget about her.
She is no longer our friend.
”
When Neville saw Miley so angry, he put his arm around her shoulders and comforted her, “Hey, don’t get so mad, okay? It’s not worth it at all.
If you can’t forgive her, I will catch her and let you scold her face to face to vent your anger.
”
Miley gritted her teeth to calm herself down.
But she was still angry.
Neville turned to Stella and said, “Stella, I’m glad you’re okay.
I’ve already sent someone to look for the attacker.
Matthew hasn’t woken up yet.
If you need help, don’t hesitate to call me.
Cordell and I will do our best to help you.
”
“Thank you, Neville.
I really appreciate it,” Stella said gratefully from the bottom of her heart.
“Thank you for taking care of us these days.
”
“Don’t mention it.
Matthew is our friend.
We are only doing what friends should do.
And you, you should take good care of yourself.
Don’t worry too much, and don’t be sad,” Neville said concernedly.
Stella forced a smile and nodded.
“It’s getting late.
You should go back and rest.
I’ll go see Matthew.
”
Miley wanted to stop Stella.
But when she thought of what had just happened, she knew Stella wouldn’t be able to sleep unless she personally saw Matthew safe.
So, she just said a few words to Stella and went out with Neville.
After everyone left the ward, Stella stood up and went to Matthew’s ward.
She held Matthew’s hand and closed her eyes, feeling heavy in her heart.
But she tried to talk to him in a relaxed tone.
“Fernando is injured.
I don’t know what will happen next time.
When will you wake up?”
###chapter1742
Meanwhile, Flossie was awakened by the noise.
It was Benny, talking with someone on the phone angrily.
“Idiot! How could you fail to do such a simple task? What else are you of use to me?”
Flossie tried to move, but she winced in pain.
Her whole body ached.
Every movement made her feel like her bones were about to fall apart.
“Ouch.
.
””
She couldn’t help frowning.
Benny heard the noise, so he turned around.
When he saw that Flossie was awake, he immediately
hung up the phone.
He walked to the bed and asked, “How long have you been awake? How do you feel now?”
Flossie’s eyes were blank.
She realized something.
However, she was still unwilling to accept it.
After being silent for a moment, she asked, “How’s our baby?”
Her voice was hoarse and thick, filled with bitterness.
Benny didn’t answer her directly.
He only looked away, tucked Flossie in, and said, “You’re still young.
It’s not too late for us to have a child when I secure the position as CEO.
”
Flossie closed her eyes.
The pain in her heart was so intense that she felt Like breaking apart.
As she expected, her baby was gone.
She took a deep breath.
However, she felt she couldn’t catch any air.
She felt pain all over her body.
But it was nothing compared to the pain she felt in her heart.
“Flossie…” Benny called out softly, wanting to say something.
However, Flossie didn’t want to listen at all.
“Benny, please get out.
” Flossie’s voice cracked, and her chest heaved violently.
With tears in her eyes, she shouted, “Get out! Leave me alone.
I don’t want to see you.
”
Tears streamed down her face uncontrollably.
Benny bent over, held her in his arms, and said comfortingly, “I know you are sad.
But maybe we are destined to lose the baby.
The most important thing for you now is to recover.
”
Flossie wanted to push him away.
But she felt like her strength was drained out of her body.
She could only threaten him, “Don’t touch me.
Otherwise, I will kill myself in front of you.
”
Benny looked at Flossie in shock.
And he was more surprised to see the hatred in her eyes.
He pursed his lips and stepped back.
“Calm down first.
I’m just outside.
Call me if you feel uncomfortable.
”
Flossie closed her eyes, not wanting to see him again.
When she heard the sound of the door being closed, she cried even louder.
Since the door was closed, Benny could no longer hear Flossie’s voice.
###chapter1743
He took out his phone to call someone.
His people failed to kill Matthew, and Stella must have been more alert by now.
It would not be easy to kill Matthew this time.
“Promote the arms trading more and continue acquiring shares of Prosperity Group.
Do it as soon as possible,” Benny ordered.
He was determined to expedite his plans.
He didn’t have much time left.
He must speed up taking over Prosperity Group because Matthew could wake up anytime.
Benny’s command was effective right away.
Edmund’s ammunition business was well-established.
Soon after they increased their efforts, they quickly secured three deals.
Meanwhile, Stella’s project had improved a bit, but it wasn’t successful.
Additionally, Fernando got hurt and was still in a coma.
Now that she had lost a helper in the Prosperity Group, the project had progressed very slowly.
That evening, Stella was still in Matthew’s hospital room, working late to complete the design plans.
She set down her pen, exhausted.
Just then, she noticed a slight movement in Matthew’s fingers.
For a moment, Stella thought she was seeing things.
‘s BunnyBookery
She was anxious, afraid to even breathe, worried her dreams might shatter.
It wasn’t until Matthew actually opened his eyes that Stella truly believed her eyes.
“You… You’re awake?” Stella felt a surge of emotion, and tears streamed down her face.
She was momentarily overwhelmed.
She took a deep breath, forced herself to settle down, and immediately called Cordell.
Grinning from ear to ear, Cordell requested people to set up a series of examinations.
Holding the test results, Cordell smiled and said, “Matthew’s condition is stable.
He’s doing well.
He should be ready to leave the hospital after some more recovery.
”
After doing what was necessary, Cordell sensibly exited the room, leaving the couple alone.
Looking at Matthew, Stella broke down and cried.
“You finally woke up.
I thought you had left me.
Do you know how scared and worried I was? Your grandparents were so worried they got sick.
Without Miley and the others, I don’t know how I would have coped…”
Before Matthew woke up, she had covered her anxiety, not wanting to burden others with her worry.
Seeing Matthew awake, Stella felt a flood of relief, as if she had found her support once more.
Stella wanted to embrace Matthew tightly, but worried about hurting him, she simply held his hand and cried.
Matthew, still weak, looked at her tearful face and felt guilty.
“I’m sorry to have caused you so much pain.
”
How could Stella hold him responsible? She cried and said, “It’s not your fault.
The important thing is that you’re awake now…”
After holding it in for ages, all her feelings came crashing down.
She blurted out, “I was so scared you wouldn’t wake up.
What would IT have done?”
“This is the last time.
I promise,” Matthew said in a rough voice.
The room was filled with Stella’s weeping.
Matthew, understanding her fear, soothed her with patience.
Slowly, Stella began to find her calm.
Matthew spotted the tablet PC and several sketches on the table.
Recalling that Stella had been awake when he opened his eyes, he looked at her with concern.
“Has your studio been very busy Lately? If it’s too much, you should hire more help.
Don’t work late into the night.
”
Stella shook her head, and then nodded, unsure of how to explain.
Matthew gently wiped away her tears with a tissue and asked softly, “While I was unconscious, did Benny cause any trouble for you or the Clark family?”
He narrowed his eyes with coldness.
Stella kept quiet about Waldo ending up in the hospital because of his anger toward Benny.
She only brought up the bet she had made with Benny.
Her expression somber, she explained, “My project is at a standstill.
Building a brand requires both reputation and time to develop.
Despite Bella’s assistance, we can’t seem to turn a profit quickly.
The shareholders are starting to lose confidence.
”
Matthew glanced again at the drafts scattered on the table, his eyes narrowing.
Stella sensed Matthew’s concern, so she instinctively lowered her voice and reassured him, “Don’t worry.
I only agreed to the bet to buy us some time.
Once the shareholders learn that you’re alert and active, they’ll surely back you up.
”
She expected Matthew to spring into action, but he declined outright.
“I won’t return to the company for now,” Matthew said firmly, looking her in the eye.
###chapter1744
“But why?” Stella asked with a frown.
She looked very confused.
Matthew told her his plan “I am not going back, and I will hide the news that I’ve woken up.
”
What he said confused Stella even more.
Matthew explained, “Benny is cautious.
If he knows I am awake, he will certainly make advance plans.
So, it’s best not to make it public for the time being.
You can continue dealing with him.
Make him feel he is sure to win.
”
Stella immediately understood what he meant.
This time, he decided to take Benny by surprise.
When Benny was unprepared, it would be easier to get rid of him.
She nodded and said solemnly, “I understand.
I’ll ask Cordell to hush the nurses on duty tonight.
”
Matthew held Stella’s hand and looked at her bloodshot eyes.
“I’ll tell him.
You should rest first.
Don’t stay up late drawing.
”
When Stella heard his gentle voice, she felt a lump in her throat.
She had an impulse to cry.
Now that Matthew had woken up, she knew she would no longer have to be alone.
The bed in the VIP ward was very wide.
Stella carefully lay beside Matthew, and before closing her eyes, she confirmed again, “I’m worried that everything is just a dream now.
You are really awake, right?”
Matthew took her hand and intertwined their fingers.
He smiled and answered, “Of course I am awake.
Sleep now.
I will always be by your side.
”
Stella finally closed her eyes and rested peacefully.
Hearing the sound of her steady breathing, Matthew looked down at Stella, leaned closer, and ki*sed her forehead.
He withdrew his hand, picked up his phone from the bedside table, and sent Neville a message.
“Come to the hospital tomorrow.
Don’t announce to the public that I’m awake.
”
The next day, Neville came to the hospital early in the morning.
He walked into the ward and looked at Matthew in disbelief.
Neville’s usually playful face was filled with obvious joy at the moment.
Neville reached out and pretended to wipe his tears.
“You are finally awake.
You’ve scared me to death.
As soon as I heard that you woke up last night, I wanted to come to the hospital to see you.
It’s just that I was afraid of seeing something I shouldn’t see…”
“Have you said enough?” Matthew interrupted Neville, not interested in his acting.
“I asked you to come here because I have something important to discuss with you.
”
Neville immediately became serious.
“Do you want to deal with Benny? Just tell me.
I promise I will do as you say.
”
Matthew didn’t deny it.
Instead, he told Neville his plan.
After listening to his plan Neville promised solemnly, “Rest assured, I will get it done for you.
”
He had been displeased with Benny for a long time.
This time, Benny hurt Matthew so badly.
Neville could never let Benny go easily.
When Matthew and Neville finished talking, Neville looked around and said, “Where is Stella? She has been with you day and night these days.
Why isn’t she here now that you’re awake?”
###chapter1745
Matthew’s expression softened upon hearing Stella’s name.
“She’s in the company.
”
Neville nodded slightly.
He didn’t say anything more.
At this moment, Stella was in her office in Prosperity Group.
Benny came in, pulled out a chair opposite her, and looked around.
Stella raised her head, looked at Benny, and asked coldly, “Mr.
Clifford, what can I do for you?”
“Well, I’m here to see how miserable you are.
” Benny smiled mockingly and said proudly, “You have seen the income comparison of the two projects.
Obviously, you can’t beat me.
So, stop struggling pointlessly.
Sell your shares to me as soon as possible while I’m still in a good mood.
Maybe I can give you a way out for the sake of our relationship as in-laws.
”
He was like a viper that would spit out its venom at any time.
This made Stella feel very uncomfortable.
Stella didn’t want to talk to Benny, so she continued drawing.
She said without looking at him, “Stop dreaming.
I won’t give up until the last moment.
”
Benny looked at the movements of her hands disdainfully.
“It’s wishful thinking to expect to make money with a pile of scrap papers.
”
Stella just ignored him.
Benny was not surprised at all.
He knew he couldn’t change Stella’s mind with just a few words.
After all, Stella was the kind of person who would stubbornly insist on her own ideas until she Learned a good Lesson.
‘s BunnyBookery
He glanced at Stella for a moment.
Then, he snorted coldly and walked out of the office.
Benny had given her a way out, but she was still unwilling to take it.
Since that was the case, she shouldn’t blame him for doing something excessive.
He didn’t want to play with her anymore.
He only wanted to end this farce as soon as possible.
Benny took out his phone, called someone, and ordered, “Continue to devote more effort.
I want to completely take over Prosperity Group in three days.
”
Benny arrived at the hospital in high spirits, pleased that everything had gone according to plan.
Despite Flossie’s continued indifference, Benny remained patient, convinced that he could win her forgiveness with time and persistence, considering how deeply she loved him.
He believed that, with Flossie by his side, he would gain the upper hand against Edmund.
And when he completely took over Prosperity Group within three days, he could eliminate Matthew.
It felt as though fate itself was on his side.
After a moment of contemplation, Benny took the chicken broth from the maid and personally fed Flossie.
However, she remained unresponsive, not even opening her mouth.
She simply lay there, her back turned to him.
Benny gestured for the maid to leave the room.
Then, setting the bowl aside, he sat on the edge of the bed and gently placed a hand on Flossie’s shoulder, coaxing her softly, “Please, have some.
Chicken broth will aid in your recovery.
”
Yet Flossie remained silent, offering no response, nor did she push his hand away.
“I was overwhelmed by the company’s affairs at the time.
I acted rashly and wasn’t thinking straight, so I made the decision not to keep the baby.
I know now that it was a mistake,” Benny confessed softly, his voice filled with remorse as he leaned in closer to Flossie.
###chapter1746
Tears streamed down Flossie’s cheeks once more as memories of her lost baby flooded her mind, shattering her heart.
She understood better than anyone the significance of this pregnancy.
It had been unplanned, a result of a fleeting moment with Benny.
Afterward, he had urged her to take contraceptive pills, and though she had gone to the pharmacy, she couldn’t bring herself to take them.
She had hoped for this pregnancy, yearning for a child with Benny.
Even if he were to leave her one day, the child would always be hers.
She had envisioned a bright future for her baby, filled with love and joy.
But now, those dreams lay shattered.
She couldn’t recall how long she had wept.
At first, her mind had been in turmoil, refusing to accept the reality.
Eventually, she came to realize that Benny had never truly wanted a child with her.
His displays of remorse were merely a facade.
With the loss of their baby, Flossie’s trust and hope in Benny were irreparably shattered.
She could no longer find any justification to grant him another chance to make amends.
As Flossie gradually composed herself, she gently pushed away Benny’s hand, which was reaching out to wipe her tears, and regarded him with a stiff expression.
Memories of their shared past flooded her mind, but as she looked at the man before her now, she felt only exhaustion.
“Benny, let’s end this relationship,” she uttered in a hoarse voice.
Benny’s eyes narrowed; he refused to accept her words.
“Don’t say that in anger.
We can still have a child in the future.
You’re young, and your career should be your priority.
A baby would only hinder your progress,” he insisted earnestly, as if genuinely concerned for her well-being.
Yet, Flossie couldn’t discern whether his words stemmed from genuine affection or mere pretense.
Regardless of what Benny said, Flossie remained silent, her mind seemingly made up.
Left with no other option, Benny sought to reassure her.
“Get some rest first.
I have some matters to attend to.
I’ll come see you tomorrow,” he stated before leaving the ward, leaving Flossie alone with her thoughts.
Feeling confined in the ward, Flossie decided to take a stroll outside for some fresh air.
However, as soon as she attempted to leave, she was intercepted by the maid.
“Miss Diaz, where are you going? The doctor advised you to rest.
”
“I’ve broken up with Benny.
You don’t need to look after me anymore.
Step aside,” Flossie replied coolly, her tone indifferent.
The maid offered a hesitant smile.
“Miss Diaz, please wait.
I’ll inform Mr.
Clifford first,” she suggested, reaching for her phone.
But before she could dial, Flossie snatched the device from her hand, her expression hardening.
“If you call him, I’ll jump from over there,” Flossie warned in a hushed voice, her gaze piercing.
Startled by Flossie’s intensity, the maid recoiled in fear.
She was merely an employee of Benny’s and had no desire to cause harm to anyone.
###chapter1747
Aware of Flossie’s recent loss and emotional turmoil, as well as her apparent conflict with Benny, the maid feared Flossie might act impulsively.
“Alright, I won’t call him.
Please, don’t do anything rash,” the maid pleaded, ceasing her movements.
Flossie took the maid’s phone and proceeded to leave, but upon noticing the maid trailing behind her, she halted and issued a stern command.
“Don’t follow me.
”
This was the first time Flossie had left the ward since she was hospitalized.
She hadn’t fully recovered yet.
The odd sensation she felt as she walked was a stark reminder of her recent ordeal.
She felt lost, unsure of where to go.
Ever since Benny came into her life, everything had revolved around him.
She had sacrificed her career and her friendship…
Thinking of Stella made Flossie even more heartbroken.
Stella had always been her rock.
During her darkest times, when everyone else turned against her, Stella had stood by her side, unwavering in her belief and helping her vindicate herself step by step.
But what had she done to Stella?
After everything that had transpired, Stella probably despised her.
Flossie’s heart sank.
She wiped away her tears.
She knew she deserved this suffering.
She didn’t blame anyone else.
Lowering her hand, Flossie suddenly spotted someone in the distance who resembled Stella.
Without thinking, she dashed toward the figure and called out, “Stella…” Her voice was hoarse, filled with unease and guilt.
The person turned around, but it wasn’t Stella’s familiar face.
Flossie quickly apologized, “I’m sorry.
I mistook you for someone else.
”
Turning around, she was surprised to see Stella right there behind her.
Flossie tensed up.
She’d played this reunion in her head over and over, practicing her apology every day.
But when the moment actually came, standing face to face with Stella, she found herself paralyzed, all her rehearsed courage slipping away.
Stella, for her part, hadn’t expected to run into Flossie.
She’d longed for an apology or some sort of explanation, but after repeated disappointments, she’d let that hope go.
Silent, Stella turned to leave, resolved not to give Flossie another glance.
Flossie, with a tight feeling in her throat, hurried after Stella.
“Stella… She reached out, gripping Stella’s hand, tears spilling over.
“I’m sorry.
I won’t beg for forgiveness, but please, let me explain.
”
Stella’s anger had been simmering.
She’d sworn if Flossie dared show her face, she wouldn’t be met with kindness.
Yet, seeing Flossie’s tearful expression and knowing Matthew was now awake, Stella found herself speechless, her anger deflated.
###chapter1748
Pulling her hand back, she responded indifferently, “No need for explanations.
You should go.
I don’t want to see you again.
”
Flossie’s eyes brimmed with tears.
Gazing into Stella’s icy stare, she felt an ache as if a stone weighed on her heart.
It was a pain rivaling the agony of losing her baby.
“Stella, I’m so sorry.
I didn’t mean to keep it from you that Benny was still alive.
I just… I was waiting for the right moment to tell you.
”
Tears streamed down Flossie’s cheeks.
Stella’s heart sank too.
Yet, the thought of Flossie’s carelessness nearly costing Matthew his life hardened her resolve.
Regardless of Flossie’s intentions, the damage was done.
“Why bring that up now?” Stella’s voice was steady but icy.
“Right after Benny joined Prosperity Group, the director of the marketing department died.
Just recently, an imposter doctor tried to take Matthew’s life.
Fernando took several stabs trying to save him and is now bedridden in the hospital.
They’ve suffered.
I can’t just forgive on their behalf.
”
Flossie gasped, her body shaking, “I’m so sorry, Stella.
I had no clue.
I never imagined it would lead to this.
”
Stella fell silent, and then added, “This is Benny and Matthew’s conflict, and you were in the dark.
I won’t hold you responsible, but I can’t just go back to laughing and chatting with you.
I’d rather not see you again.
”
With those final words, Stella walked away, refusing to glance back at Flossie.
Rooted to the spot, Flossie replayed Stella’s words in her mind, realizing the extent of the events she had been oblivious to.
What had she gotten herself into?
Stella was correct.
Tears and apologies wouldn’t change anything.
She needed to act.
As her tears ceased, a newfound resolve shone in Flossie’s eyes.
The next day, Benny walked into the hospital ward and found Flossie unexpectedly eating by herself.
Surprise turned to suspicion.
Gesturing for the maid to come outside with him, he queried, “After I left yesterday, did she do anything out of the ordinary?”
Intimidated by Flossie, the maid couldn’t muster the courage to spill the truth to Benny.
She repeated Flossie’s version of the previous day’s events, saying, “Miss Diaz just stared off into space in her room like always.
Everything was fine.
”
Benny’s brows knitted together in thought.
After a moment, he dismissed the maid to her duties.
Returning to the ward, Benny noticed Flossie methodically eating, still paying him no mind.
He took a seat opposite her, remarking, “You seem pretty upbeat today.
”
His statement carried an undercurrent of probing, despite its face value.
Remaining guarded, Flossie didn’t reply but threw a chilly question back.
“Have you eaten? Want to join me?”
Despite her reluctance to engage with Benny, Flossie knew they couldn’t keep up this silent battle.
###chapter1749
With a heavy heart, she swallowed her bitterness, attempting to maintain a semblance of civility.
Benny watched Flossie in silence.
Noticing her calm demeanor, he let out a relieved breath.
He turned to the maid and directed, “Prepare another breakfast.
”
Their breakfast was a quiet affair, with Benny leading most of the conversation and Flossie offering only brief, cold replies.
Flossie’s lack of warmth was noticeable, but they were getting along better than the days of silence or arguments.
Post-breakfast, Benny sensed nothing amiss and assumed Flossie had come to some sort of
acceptance.
His approach was gentler, giving her space, though she remained unresponsive.
Once the meal was over, Flossie watched the maid clear the table before turning to Benny.
“I’d like to leave the hospital.
Being here just brings back memories that make me feel sick.
”
She believed that only outside the hospital walls could she truly do what was necessary.
Benny, without overthinking, agreed, “Of course.
The hospital is no substitute for the comforts of home.
If this isn’t working for you, I’ll arrange your discharge.
”
Flossie’s expression was unreadable, her attention seemingly elsewhere.
Back home, Benny had hoped to spend quality time with Flossie, but an urgent call disrupted his plans.
With a swift change in his expression and a few quick words, he left hastily.
Flossie could barely make out the words “munitions” and “bad news”.
From Benny’s sudden grimace and his haste when he left, she inferred that the issue was complicated.
‘s BunnyBookery
Flossie waited for a bit, and then sneaked into the study while the maid was preoccupied in the kitchen.
Curious about Benny’s recent activities, she rummaged through the desk and drawers, yet found nothing.
She had known Benny to be careful, but she hadn’t anticipated that he’d be so guarded even at home.
Frustrated, Flossie sat in the chair, her fists balled up in disappointment.
Had her effort been for nothing?
Concerned about being caught, she knew she couldn’t linger in the study too long.
As she got up to leave, her eyes caught a glimpse of a safe tucked in a corner.
She hadn’t seen that one before.
Her gut feeling screamed that it contained something significant.
Without second thoughts, she crouched before the safe, dialing in the password.
She tried Benny’s usual passwords to no avail.
Just as Flossie was losing hope, a thought struck her.
Pausing, she decided to try one last idea.
It was Evelyn’s birthday.
###chapter1750
To her surprise, the safe beeped and swung open.
Flossie’s emotions were a tangled web, yet she decided to leave it be.
It didn’t matter anymore.
She should’ve realized that the password was Evelyn’s birthday earlier.
Benny had always held Evelyn in a place no one else could reach.
It was only fitting that something so vital was locked behind a number laden with significance.
Upon opening the safe, Flossie glimpsed a pile of papers.
As she perused them, the outline of Benny’s actions began to take shape in her mind.
“Miss Diaz, lunch is ready.
Are you going to eat now?” The maid’s voice came from beyond the door.
Flossie restored the papers to their place, sealed the safe, and departed the study, her expression betraying nothing.
The maid, uninterested in the reasons for her emergence from the study, scurried off to ready the dining room upon hearing of Flossie’s intent to dine.
After the meal, Flossie retreated to her room, lying down briefly.
Once assured of silence from the maid, she checked the time.
Usually, this was the hour the maid would leave for the market, not to return for an hour or two.
With a peaked cap, Flossie took a taxi and set off to the hospital in search of Stella.
She inquired about Matthew’s room and got on the elevator.
When she stepped out, a pair of bodyguards halted her progress.
“Excuse me, Miss.
This is a VIP area.
It’s off-limits to anyone except for medical staff and relatives of the patient.
I’m going to have to ask you to leave.
”
The guards were impeccably trained, offering no hint of emotion as they directed her to exit.
It was then that Flossie noticed the eerie silence of the floor, except for the presence of the bodyguards.
There were no other patients in sight.
Getting here hadn’t been easy, and Flossie wasn’t about to leave without seeing Stella.
Who knew when she’d get another chance?
In a worried tone, Flossie declared, “I’m Flossie Diaz, a friend of Stella’s.
Could you please let her know I have something urgent to discuss?”
The bodyguards exchanged a skeptical look.
Their main concern was Matthew’s safety.
Letting in someone by mistake could have dire consequences.
Yet, the woman before them did seem to have a genuine connection with Stella.
Turning her away could be just as much of a mistake.
After a moment’s pause, one guard finally reached for his phone.
“One moment, please.
We’ll verify with Mrs.
Clark.
”
“Thanks, but please hurry.
I’m in a rush.
” Flossie feared that if the maid returned too early and she lingered too long, she might get caught.
###chapter1751
Yet before the guard could even place the call, the ward door swung open and out stepped Neville and Matthew, one after the other.
Neville’s gaze fell on Flossie, and he instinctively moved to shield Matthew, but it was already too late.
Their eyes met, and both Neville’s and Matthew’s brows creased in a slight frown.
Flossie’s heart skipped a beat at the sight of Matthew.
Neville recovered first and snapped at the bodyguards, “What’s going on here? Haven’t you taken my instructions seriously? Keep uninvited guests out.
Is that clear?”
Though he was scolding the bodyguards, the barb was meant for Flossie.
He hadn’t taken the initiative to settle scores with her, yet she had the audacity to show her face here.
Flossie lowered her head, feeling the weight of Neville’s glare.
Now that Neville had seen her, he seemed unable to resist the urge to release his frustration.
His eyes were piercing as he spat out, “What’s wrong? Did you come here to ask about news on behalf of your boyfriend?”
Under Neville’s harsh stare, Flossie’s heart sank, leaving her speechless.
However, to Neville, her expression seemed insincere and disgusting.
“Don’t look so miserable.
Without your boyfriend’s involvement, Matthew wouldn’t be hurt like this.
Why are you pretending?” His gaze was accusing as he continued, “Look, I don’t care what’s going on between you and Benny, but if you dare share what you’ve witnessed today, I’ll have to take action.
”
Misunderstood, Flossie quickly gestured with her hands and pleaded, “I’m sorry.
I was wrong before, but I promise, I won’t tell anyone about today.
I swear.
”
Neville wasn’t interested in hearing her out.
He simply instructed the bodyguards, “Get her out.
She’s not welcome here.
”
The bodyguards moved to comply.
Powerless to stop them, Flossie still had one more plea.
“Mr.
Clark…” she called out to Matthew with tears in her eyes.
“Please, just give me a chance to make things right.
Hear me out! It’s important.
It’s about Benny!”
“Mr.
Clark!” Flossie clung to the elevator door, refusing to enter.
Matthew glanced at her and gestured dismissively.
“Let her go.
”
The bodyguards released her immediately.
Neville scowled and warned, “You’re not seriously considering listening to her, are you? This woman is aligned with Benny.
She deceived everyone, hiding the fact that Benny was still alive.
It’s possible she’s here to do his bidding again, coming to the hospital so eagerly to deceive us with fake sincerity.
”
“No, I’m truly not.
Please trust me.
I mean no harm to Mr.
Clark,”
###chapter1752
Flossie pleaded earnestly.
She turned to Matthew and continued, “Mr.
Clark, everything I’ve said is the truth.
I never intended to cause you harm! Stella and I are friends.
The chaos at the wedding wasn’t something I foresaw.
I really didn’t know he had planned that! Neville scoffed, “The truth of the matter is known only to you and Benny.
Now you’re the only one here.
How can we know if you’re telling the truth?”
Flossie realized that no matter what she said, they wouldn’t forgive her.
Struggling against Neville’s skepticism, she instinctively defended herself, “No, I truly didn’t know…”
“Enough.
” Matthew cut her off, tired of the pointless explanations.
He was still distressed over the disrupted wedding he had organized for Stella and the pain she had suffered while he was in a coma.
He hadn’t directed his frustration at Flossie, believing it unjust to blame a woman, but his patience was wearing thin.
“If you have something to say, say it quickly.
Don’t waste our time.
”
Neville remained skeptical of Flossie.
“What more can she offer? She wants us to forgive her boyfriend and then fall into another one of their traps.
We were lucky this time.
Do you want Stella to live in fear again?”
Matthew’s expression darkened upon hearing this.
“I won’t help him,” Flossie declared somberly.
“Why should we believe you?” Neville challenged directly.
With a heavy heart, Flossie closed her eyes and her voice shook as she confessed, “My baby is gone.
”
Her revelation silenced Neville, sparking a flurry of thoughts.
Noticing the shift in Flossie’s attitude toward Benny, Neville ventured cautiously, “Did Benny have something to do with it?”
Flossie kept her eyes shut, overwhelmed with sorrow, and did not respond.
When she opened her eyes, she looked resolutely at Matthew.
“I want to make amends for my past actions.
I hope you’ll give me a chance.
”
Seeing Matthew’s nonresponse, Flossie sensed a glimmer of opportunity.
“I’m the only one who can get close to Benny.
Working with me is your fastest way to bring him down.
”
Matthew remained silent, his expression unreadable.
Flossie paused, gathering her thoughts, and then added, “Since you’ve chosen to keep your recovery a secret, I assume you’re planning a surprise move, right?”
Under Matthew’s intense gaze, Flossie felt her nerves, her palms sweating, but she maintained eye contact.
Showing any sign of weakness might convince him she was dishonest, not genuinely offering help.
This was her last chance.
Matthew weighed her sincerity, mindful of past deceptions and determined to prevent further worry for Stella.
After a long silence, he posed a stark question.
“What I need is for Benny to be completely out of the picture.
Can you handle that?”
###chapter1753
As Benny returned home that evening, he was taken aback to find Flossie diligently working in the kitchen alongside the maid.
Focused on her task, Flossie adamantly refused any assistance from the maid.
Sensing Benny’s presence, the maid moved to greet him, but he gestured for her to remain silent before quietly ushering her out of the kitchen.
The maid obeyed his instructions and left the room without a word.
Meanwhile, Flossie remained engrossed in her cooking, unaware of the maid’s departure.
“Could you pass me the black pepper beside you?” she requested without looking up.
Moments later, she felt a hand extend the requested item, realizing it wasn’t the maid’s.
Looking up, she found Benny standing beside her with a warm smile.
Momentarily stunned, Flossie accepted the bottle.
“Thank you,” she murmured before returning her focus to the task at hand.
A comfortable silence enveloped them as they worked side by side in the kitchen.
Benny made no attempt to engage Flossie in conversation, yet she didn’t ask him to leave either.
The simplicity of the moment seemed to ease the tension that had lingered between them, suggesting their relationship was on the mend.
Benny found peace in the shared silence.
Once all the dishes were prepared, Benny took a seat opposite Flossie at the table.
Observing her quietly eating, he ventured softly, “What made you decide to cook all of a sudden?”
Flossie responded without looking up, “I just feel a little bored.
I thought keeping busy would help distract me from overthinking.
”
Benny chose to remain silent, careful not to stir any sadness.
‘s BunnyBookery
They ate their meal in silence, neither feeling compelled to break the tranquility that enveloped them.
When they had finished eating, Flossie set down her utensils.
“I’m almost fully recovered.
I don’t want to stay at home anymore.
Colin is holding a fashion show, and he needs models.
I’m thinking of going for the interviews.
”
Benny’s first instinct was to refuse.
He knew well that Flossie disapproved of some of his recent actions-she had even considered contacting Stella, potentially jeopardizing his plans.
Yet, he also recognized that keeping her confined at home was not a sustainable solution.
Seeing that she had been cooperative lately, he feared that denying her this opportunity might only deepen her resentment.
After a long pause, Benny nodded.
“Alright, you can go back to work if you wish.
I’ve always supported your career, but…”
He trailed off, and then shifted the conversation slightly.
“You’ve been in poor health.
It’s not safe for you to go out alone recently.
I’ll arrange for someone to accompany you.
”
Flossie’s brow furrowed slightly in response.
Benny spoke gently.
“Considering your recent health and my own busy schedule, I’ll arrange for someone to look after you.
Don’t worry; they’ll only be there to ensure your safety and won’t disrupt your work.
”
Despite his assurances, Flossie couldn’t shake the feeling of being under surveillance.
However, she opted not to confront him about it.
Meanwhile, Stella followed her usual routine of visiting the hospital after work.
###chapter1754
Neville had mentioned Flossie’s visit in a tone of disbelief, remarking, “She claims she’s here to help us deal with Benny.
I’m not sure if we can trust her.
”
Stella found herself torn, grappling with conflicting emotions.
While part of her wanted to believe Flossie, it pained her to know that Flossie had concealed Benny’s survival.
Since the incident at the wedding, Stella had been hesitant to place too much trust in her.
Neville also divulged that Flossie had suffered the loss of her baby.
Exiting the elevator, Stella walked into the ward, where her anxieties eased upon seeing Matthew.
She let Matthew know she was aware of Flossie’s visit, seeking his perspective.
“What do you think? Do you trust her?” she asked, eager for his opinion.
Sensing her uncertainty, Matthew offered reassurance.
“Don’t worry.
Whether Flossie’s intentions are genuine or not, they won’t disrupt our plans significantly.
Even if she reveals my survival to Benny, we can handle it.
We’ll prepare accordingly.
”
He took Stella’s hand in his own and continued, “I don’t place much trust in her, but I trust your judgment in choosing friends.
”
The next day, Flossie headed over to Colin’s company.
Colin hadn’t seen Flossie for a long time.
He felt a spark of joy as he saw her approaching.
But that warmth was instantly doused when he noticed the expressionless man in a black suit trailing behind her.
Flossie kept silent.
Benny wasn’t kidding; he’d assigned a bodyguard.
Mustering a small, weak smile, she winked at Colin.
He understood the silent plea and ushered her into his office without question.
However, when the bodyguard made a move to follow, Colin reached out and stopped him with a firm tone.
“This is a matter of company confidentiality.
Outsiders aren’t allowed.
”
The bodyguard shifted uncomfortably.
Flossie’s voice turned icy.
“Benny just asked you to protect me.
I doubt anything will happen here.
”
The implication was clear: she wasn’t the one being watched.
The bodyguard didn’t dare to argue and stood by the door silently.
Flossie followed Colin into the room.
After he closed the door and locked it, he led her to the plush sofa.
He poured a glass of water for her.
He felt a pang of pity as he observed her haggard face, but he also sensed something was amiss.
“What happened, Flossie? What’s wrong with the bodyguard?”
Flossie hesitated, her eyes darting around the room before Landing on the closed door.
Sensing her unease, Colin reassured her, “The office has excellent soundproofing.
Whatever you need to say, say it freely.
”
###chapter1755
A sliver of relief washed over Flossie.
Still a bit worried, she lowered her voice to a mere whisper and poured out her heart.
She revealed the devastating truth about the miscarriage and how Benny had cut her off from the outside world, isolating her completely.
Colin’s face hardened with each word.
By the time she finished, his jaw was clenched tight.
He rose to his feet, anger flashing in his eyes.
“That despicable man! I’ll go confront him right now!”
Flossie lunged at him, her voice laced with urgency.
“No, Colin! Don’t be rash.
He’s blinded by greed, completely unreasonable.
Don’t put yourself in danger.
You’re my only hope.
”
Tears welled up in her eyes.
“I shouldn’t have dragged you into this.
If you get implicated because you helped me, I’ll never forgive myself.
”
Calming himself down, Colin took a deep breath.
“Don’t worry, I won’t do anything reckless.
”
He sat back down, grabbed a tissue box, and offered it to her gently.
“Whatever you need me to do, I’m all in.
”
“Thank you.
” Flossie wiped her tears, a flicker of determination replacing her despair.
“Can I borrow your phone?”
Colin’s face darkened.
“He even took your phone away?”
Flossie shook her head.
“He gave the phone back last night, but I’m worried he might monitor my calls.
I need to reach Edmund.
”
Colin silently passed her the phone.
Flossie wasted no time dialing Edmund’s number.
A jolt went through Edmund on the other end when he recognized Flossie’s voice.
But that feeling was quickly replaced by concern as he recalled his conversation with Benny the night before.
“Benny told me about the baby.
.
a terrible accident last night.
I’m coming to see you.
Which hospital are you in?”
Flossie’s grip tightened around the phone.
She had messed up… all her friends were driven away because of her mistakes.
After all this time, she’d only just seen Benny’s true face.
Flossie felt a crushing sense of failure.
She had only one person left to turn to-her biological father.
The long silence worried Edmund.
“Is everything okay? Are you in pain?”
He knew how much the baby meant to Flossie.
Flossie forced back tears.
“Benny takes a fifty percent kickback on the project you’re working on together.
Did you know that?”
“How dare he!” Edmund’s fury was palpable over the phone.
###chapter1756
Flossie was concerned that lingering in the office might arouse suspicion with the bodyguard outside, so she hurried to finish speaking as quickly as possible.
“I hope you can initially act as if unaware and cease all assistance to Benny.
”
Edmund remained silent for a while, indicating hesitation.
Flossie understood the nature of business.
While she was unsure of the exact benefits of Edmund and Benny’s deal, she assumed it was a considerable sum.
The only leverage Flossie had to convince Edmund was their family ties.
“Benny arranged for an abortion procedure.
When I discovered it, we had a heated argument at the hospital’s entrance.
During the altercation, an accident occurred, resulting in the loss of the baby.
”
Flossie’s heart twisted in pain.
Taking a moment to gather herself, she revealed, “Following Stella’s wedding, Benny confined me to my home and even dispatched a bodyguard to keep tabs on me.
Given his audacity to take a kickback behind your back, it’s likely he aims to exploit me to exert pressure on you.
”
Flossie’s eyes welled up with tears the moment she finished speaking.
Despite the painful truths, she felt compelled to voice them out.
Despite giving Benny a chance and trying to convince him to move on from the past, he remained stubborn and even adamant about not keeping their own baby.
Having given up all hope about him, she no longer felt compelled to be merciful toward him.
“I understand,” Edmund responded quietly.
“I assure you that I’ll terminate my partnership with Benny.
Where are you currently? I’ll arrange for someone to fetch you.
”
“I appreciate it, but no,” Flossie declined.
“I have other matters to attend to.
Leaving abruptly might raise suspicions.
”
Furthermore, she made use of Colin’s cellphone.
If she hurriedly approached Edmund, with Benny’s cautious and suspicious nature, he would surely uncover something.
She couldn’t afford to endanger Colin’s life.
“No need to fret.
I’ll ensure my safety, and he won’t lay a hand on me,” Flossie reassured.
‘s BunnyBookery
After ending the call, Flossie fell into a thoughtful silence.
It wasn’t easy grappling with someone she used to adore.
She didn’t linger in melancholy.
Instead, she composed herself and handed the phone back to Colin.
“Thanks for today,” she expressed with sincerity.
Colin experienced a whirlwind of emotions.
He had just overheard Edmund and Flossie’s conversation distinctly.
It was difficult to fathom the extent of her recent hardships.
He genuinely wished to console Flossie, yet he knew declaring his love again now would complicate matters for her.
After pondering briefly, Colin shifted his focus to Flossie from a professional standpoint.
“Feel free to reach out anytime.
It’s okay.
I also wish for your speedy recovery and your help to increase profits,” Colin remarked in a lighthearted manner.
Flossie briefly relaxed upon hearing his jest, only to be hit by a wave of bitterness afterward.
She hadn’t anticipated having to lean on someone external rather than the person she loved.
###chapter1757
As she dwelled on the situation, bitterness welled up inside her.
Despite this, she mustered a smile and explained, “I visited today under the guise of attending an
interview for a fashion show, a story I spun for Benny.
If circumstances allow, I’ll persist in this deception to see you again.
”
In truth, Colin felt gratified by Flossie’s trust in him during this period.
A thought occurred to him, prompting him to rise from his seat.
Upon returning from his desk, he held a document in his hand.
Handing the document to Flossie, he shared, “There’s an upcoming jewelry show scheduled for next week.
I intended to get in touch with you within the next couple of days.
If you’re keen, feel free to take a look.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Flossie accepted the contract with gratitude before taking her leave.
The bodyguard escorted Flossie back to her apartment and then contacted Benny with a report.
Benny’s immediate query upon hearing was, “Did she encounter anyone else?”
His concern lingered over whether Flossie was still fixated on Stella.
The bodyguard responded, “No, she didn’t.
”
Benny scrutinized Flossie’s call log and confirmed that she had solely reached out to Colin “Stay vigilant regarding her.
Let me know if anything noteworthy arises.
”
The bodyguard acknowledged and complied with the instruction.
Following the call’s end, Benny dialed Edmund’s number, only for Edmund’s assistant to pick up.
“Mr.
Hanson is currently in a meeting.
How may I assist you?” the assistant asked in a calm voice, looking at Edmund, who was sitting in front of him.
Benny spoke without hesitation in a deep tone.
“Once Mr.
Hanson wraps up the meeting, inform him urgently that I need to discuss something with him.
Kindly ask him to reach out to me.
”
“Understood,” the assistant confirmed before ending the call.
Since there was nothing wrong with the whole conversation, Benny didn’t dwell on it and dismissed any concerns.
Yet, as darkness fell outside, Edmund failed to return the call.
Gradually, Benny began to feel a sense of unease creeping in.
Though he felt a tinge of anger, he suppressed it, knowing he relied on Edmund for supplies.
Dinner came, and still, there was no word from Edmund.
Benny ate mechanically, his mind consumed by thoughts of his recent interaction with Edmund, trying to discern any signs of trouble he might have missed.
Benny puzzled over Edmund’s sudden silence.
This marked the first instance where Edmund had neglected to return his call for so long.
Despite his unease, Benny couldn’t pinpoint the reason behind the silence.
When he caught sight of Flossie calmly dining across from him, Benny’s speculation halted.
###chapter1758
“How did the interview go?” Benny inquired with caution.
As Flossie ate, she kept her head bowed.
A subtle flicker in her eyes went unnoticed by Benny, but when she lifted her head, a genuine smile graced her face.
“Everything went well,” she shared.
“The job is about a jewelry exhibition.
Mr.
Yates presented the contract, and I believe it’s promising.
I’ll be busy with frequent training sessions at the company in the coming days.
”
Benny responded, “Alright, take care not to overexert yourself.
”
Just then, Benny’s phone rang, and he swiftly took it out-it was Edmund calling.
Benny’s prompt response turned into concern as Edmund spoke, leading to a darkening expression and an urgent retreat to his study.
As the study door closed, Flossie’s smile faded slowly.
She appeared fatigued, akin to a marionette whose strings had been severed.
The following day, Flossie promptly visited Colin and borrowed his phone to send messages to Neville.
Upon returning to the hospital, Neville shared the messages with Matthew.
“I didn’t anticipate Flossie’s honesty.
She harbors genuine disdain for Benny,” sighed Neville.
“Yet, it’s not surprising that Benny lacks affection for Flossie, given her status as Edmund’s daughter.
One wonders about his true feelings for her.
”
Matthew chose not to comment on the matter, simply stating, “Their conflict is theirs alone, unrelated to us.
”
Handing back the phone, he instructed, “Proceed with the next phase, and then we can prepare to finalize our plan.
”
Following his phone call with Edmund the previous night, Benny’s project hit a roadblock due to a supply shortage, stalling its progress.
In the midst of his anxiety, a peculiar call interrupted him.
The caller introduced himself as Gerry Nguyen.
He expressed interest in collaborating, mentioning available stock for discussion.
Despite Gerry’s enticing and genuine terms, along with transparent supply details, Benny refrained from immediate acceptance.
The timely appearance of a suitable partner amidst his challenges raised doubts due to the apparent coincidence.
Sensing the critical juncture, Benny aimed to avoid risks at all costs.
Just as he was about to decline, his assistant barged in, presenting Benny with a report.
Scanning the report, Benny noted Stella’s recently launched clothing line was gaining immense popularity in Dorburn.
Stella specialized in high-end custom clothing, managed by Bella, targeting an affluent clientele, resulting in substantial profits.
Observing Benny’s ongoing call, the assistant updated via tablet, “Stella’s clothing sales are nearing our own figures.
”
Gradually, Benny’s expression darkened.
With the delivery contract sealed, failure to meet the delivery schedule would result in significant liquidated damages for Benny.
###chapter1759
This sudden turn nearly clouded Benny’s judgment, prompting him to hastily agree to cooperate with Gerry without thorough consideration.
“Let’s arrange a time to finalize the contract,” he consented.
Benny’s project was successful due to his quick decision-making.
As a result, sales volumes soared, quickly surpassing Stella’s previous records.
Benny was very
satisfied with the outcome.
He reflected on Edmund’s recent behavior, which had been increasingly strange.
Benny gritted his teeth, his eyes filled with disdain.
Since he had completed the project on his own, Edmund was now useless.
Upon becoming CEO of Prosperity Group, Benny planned to deal with Edmund first.
He couldn’t allow Edmund to share in the great fortune that awaited.
To avoid any complications, Benny promptly called a general shareholders’ meeting.
There, he proudly and arrogantly presented his recent sales figures to the shareholders, declaring, “Stella, you’ve lost the game.
Now, honor the agreement.
Hand over all your shares and leave Prosperity Group.
”
Benny’s gaze was domineering as he looked at Stella, who returned his stare, sparking a silent confrontation.
The shareholders began to rally behind Benny.
“Mrs.
Clark, you’d better hand over your shares now.
”
“Mr.
Clifford has shown great capability, as has Mrs.
Clark.
But right now, sales are what matter most.
”
Their words placed Stella in a position of clear disadvantage.
She remained silent, her gaze sharp and unwavering.
The tension in the air was palpable.
Benny, raising an eyebrow, gave Stella a scornful look and said, “If you have nothing further to add, please leave.
You shouldn’t be at this internal meeting.
”
Just as Benny finished speaking, a deep voice countered, “Benny, who are you telling to leave?”
The shareholders were momentarily stunned.
A whisper circulated, “That sounds like Matthew.
”
Excitement surged among them as another shouted, “Yes, Matthew is here!”
As the meeting room door slowly opened, all eyes turned to the entrance.
Time seemed to stand still.
Matthew walked toward them with measured steps.
Tall and exuding confidence and authority, his presence was unmistakable.
“Mr… Mr.
Clark? Aren’t you supposed to be in the hospital receiving treatment?”
###chapter1760
The shareholders were visibly shocked.
Benny couldn’t believe his eyes.
The sight of Matthew stripped him of his calm and pride.
“When did you wake up?” Benny asked, his face filled with terror.
He had instructed someone to monitor Matthew in the hospital.
Why hadn’t anyone informed him that Matthew had awoken?
Matthew didn’t bother explaining to Benny but instead challenged him coldly, “Since your entry into Prosperity Group, you’ve engaged in numerous covert activities.
What makes you think you can remain here?”
Panic gripped Benny momentarily.
But on second thought, he had always been cautious, confident that he had not exposed himself.
Regaining his composure, Benny sneered, “What do you mean? I don’t understand.
”
Expecting Benny’s denial, Matthew promptly presented him with the criminal evidence he had recently gathered, tossing the documents directly at Benny.
Matthew’s gaze was icy as he confronted Benny.
“Breck’s car was sabotaged, and the perpetrator confessed that you ordered him to do it.
You’ve also used your position for kickbacks and bribes.
Here’s the proof.
”
Benny’s face turned pale, his eyes narrowing cruelly.
He quickly regained his composure and vehemently denied the accusations.
“You’re slandering me.
Stella lost the bet, so now you’re trying to pin this on me to help her, right? Matthew, I’m your brother.
”
His statement, intended to manipulate, only served to irritate Matthew further.
Matthew dismissed him coldly, saying, “I’ve already handed all the evidence to the police before coming here.
You can explain your innocence to them yourself.
”
Just as he finished his statement, the police entered the room.
“Mr.
Clifford, we have information that links you to smuggling, bribery, and murder.
Please come with us.
”
Benny’s expression darkened.
“What nonsense are you talking about? I have never done these things.
You have no right to arrest me,” he said sullenly.
The police officers gave him no opportunity to further argue, quickly escorting him away.
Benny’s face was taut and pale, his eyes brimming with confusion and anger.
While the accusations of murder and bribery didn’t concern him much confident he could pin those on someone else-the smuggling charges troubled him deeply.
He was not a fool.
After some reflection, he realized what must have happened.
It must have been Gerry, who appeared just when he felt most vulnerable.
Fury twisted Benny’s features as he faced the mastermind behind this.
“It’s you!” Benny hissed through clenched teeth.
Matthew observed the rage contorting Benny’s face.
###chapter1761
Benny’s expression grew even more menacing as he lowered his voice to a threatening whisper.
“Are you Gerry? Did you set all this up?”
His eyes were full of hatred, as if he wanted to tear Matthew apart.
However, no matter how hysterical Benny became, Matthew remained calm and composed.
He spoke as if nothing significant had occurred.
“It’s not me.
I’m not the only one you’ve offended.
”
“Who else could it be?” Benny demanded, his facial muscles twisting in fury, his eyes blazing red like those of a wild beast.
But the policemen gave him no time to pursue the conversation further.
They quickly intervened, dragging him away before he could say anything more.
It was the first time for Prosperity Group that a senior executive was taken by the police right in the middle of a shareholders’ meeting.
The shareholders looked at each other, unsure of what to say to alleviate the tension.
Matthew returned to the head seat and took charge of the situation.
The shareholders eagerly tried to ingratiate themselves with him, saying, “Mr.
Clark, it’s a good thing you’re back; otherwise, the company would be in disarray.
”
“During this difficult time, not only has Mrs.
Clark been deeply upset, but we’ve all been struggling.
”
Someone quickly agreed, “Absolutely, Mr.
Clark is much more astute.
Ever since Benny took charge, he’s grown increasingly arrogant and reckless.
We’ve been fed up with him for a while.
”
“But he’s been too ruthless.
If we hadn’t complied with him, we might not have even survived.
Frankly, we felt we had no other option but to support him.
”
“Now that Mr.
Clark has returned, Prosperity Group is finally out of danger.
”
“Okay then.
” Matthew cut them off and got straight to the point.
“Due to my injury, Benny took advantage of the situation and negatively impacted Prosperity Group.
Thank you all for your perseverance.
”
Despite his courteous tone, no one dared to reply, responding only with awkward smiles.
Matthew continued announcing his decision.
“Next, we will cancel all of Benny’s projects.
The revenue will be accounted for; all illegal earnings will be surrendered, and the legitimate funds will be donated to charity on behalf of everyone here.
”
All the shareholders supported Matthew’s decision.
Matthew then outlined the company’s future direction.
“Going forward, the Prosperity Group will concentrate on two initiatives: film and television, and apparel.
Stella will continue to be the project manager, overseeing the apparel project.
”
Having led Prosperity Group for many years, Matthew’s capabilities were well recognized, and everyone was prepared to support his decisions.
If not for Benny’s interference, these projects would have been advancing smoothly.
Only Stella’s reaction was different.
Her eyelids twitched upon hearing the plans.
The room was too crowded for her to voice her concerns.
###chapter1762
The meeting soon concluded.
The shareholders, already showing signs of restlessness, quickly exited the room once it was adjourned.
Stella lingered at her seat to tidy up a lone document left on the table.
When only Matthew and she remained, she advised, “I think you might want to consider someone else for the project manager role.
”
Matthew glanced at her with a slight frown.
“Don’t you want the position?”
Stella shook her head gently.
“The role is too crucial.
Initially, I stepped in only to help stabilize the group.
Now that things are under control, it’s time for me to step down.
”
She looked at Matthew calmly and said, “You know, the so-called first batch of clothes sold at Dorburn was just a bunch of made-up numbers.
”
At that time, she had concocted such a bad scheme to rattle Benny and trap him.
With a composed expression, Matthew asked, “Why would someone like Bella agree to help you fabricate data?”
Stella had considered this before.
After all, Bella had always been meticulous about her designs and wouldn’t stand for anything so disgraceful.
Thus, she was also shocked to learn that Bella would assist her.
Matthew responded bluntly, “Your designs hold great value in Bella’s eyes.
She sees it as only a matter of time.
”
This reasoning somewhat convinced Stella, yet she remained reluctant to take such a prominent role.
“Maybe you’re right, but I still plan to step down.
I have my own studio…”
Matthew gazed at Stella intently and explained softly, “I didn’t start this project for the money.
”
A flicker of surprise crossed Stella’s face.
Matthew went on, “I wanted this project to help you get to know Bella better, to find out if you’re related by blood.
Even though things didn’t go as planned at first, we ended up where we needed to be.
”
Stella hadn’t anticipated such a motive, which made her pause for a moment.
Matthew placed his hands on her shoulders and declared with a gentle yet firm voice, “And don’t sell yourself short.
You might not see it, but you’re incredibly skilled.
I believe you’re the perfect person to lead this project.
”
Encouraged by Matthew’s words, Stella felt a surge of confidence.
With newfound trust, she replied, “I understand.
I’ll make sure this project succeeds.
”
Having resolved this issue, she recalled Benny’s earlier comments and was about to inquire about Gerry.
However, before she could speak, Neville burst into the meeting room, looking distressed, and announced, “There’s been an incident!”
Neville usually didn’t get flustered easily.
It was rare to see him this worked up.
Matthew’s brow furrowed as he asked, “What happened?”
Panting, Neville managed to say, “Benny… That scoundrel has escaped!”
Matthew’s expression turned grim.
###chapter1763
Stella was flustered.
“Benny escaped? Didn’t the police take him away?”
Neville explained, “I don’t have all the details.
The police mentioned that Benny jumped out of the car on the way back to the station and got away.
I’ve dispatched more people to chase him.
Every crossroad in Seamarsh is blocked, so he can’t escape for now.
He must still be in Seamarsh.
”
Stella panicked, worried that Benny might return and harm Matthew again.
Too much had happened recently, and the thought of losing Matthew again was unbearable.
Matthew also appeared serious.
Seeing Stella’s distress, he calmly reassured her, “Don’t be afraid.
I won’t let him succeed in hurting me again.
”
Despite Matthew’s assurance, Stella remained uneasy.
Their enemy lurked in the shadows, and Benny’s whereabouts were unknown, leaving them vulnerable to a surprise attack.
Moreover, Benny’s methods were ruthless, involving direct killings.
Today’s events only heightened Benny’s unpredictability.
Taking a deep breath to compose herself, Stella realized she couldn’t distract Matthew further and cause more trouble.
“Send more people to tail you,” she advised, gripping Matthew’s hand tightly.
Matthew nodded.
“Don’t worry.
I fell into his trap due to carelessness.
I’ll have the bodyguards take you back first, and then Neville and I will track down Benny.
”
He held Stella’s cold hand firmly.
Stella shook her head, reluctant to part from him.
“It’s too dangerous…”
Matthew rubbed her head affectionately, flashing a reassuring smile.
“Please understand.
My recovery news is public now, and my grandparents need comforting.
I can’t visit them now.
Please help me support them.
”
Stella thought of Waldo and Lucia but couldn’t shake her worry when Matthew was out of sight.
Sensitive to her unease, Matthew stroked her hair gently.
“Don’t worry.
I’ll return safely.
”
With his repeated promise, Stella reluctantly agreed.
The situation was urgent.
Delaying would only allow Benny to escape farther.
It was hard, but Stella eventually left with the bodyguards and headed home.
As soon as Stella left, Matthew’s expression darkened, and he left the Prosperity Group building with Neville.
Meanwhile, Flossie, as usual, parted ways with Colin and was driven back by the silent bodyguard.
The car ride was eerily quiet, with Flossie gazing out at the changing scenery, realizing they weren’t heading home.
###chapter1764
Anxious, Flossie tried to calm herself.
“Are we going the wrong way? This isn’t the way home.
”
The bodyguard remained stoic.
“The direction is correct.
Mr.
Clifford instructed me to take you to meet him.
”
To meet Benny?
Now on high alert, Flossie asked, “What’s going on? Where’s Benny?”
The bodyguard evaded a direct answer.
“You’ll understand when we arrive,” he replied before lapsing into silence.
Flossie recognized the futility of further questions and fell silent herself, resolving that she would know everything once she saw Benny.
She diverted her attention to the buttons on her clothes, feeling the atmosphere inside the car grow increasingly tense, as if something significant was about to unfold, akin to the calm before a storm.
“How is it possible for someone to just vanish into thin air?”
Matthew, Neville, and the police had been on the lookout for Benny all day, yet there was still no sign of him.
As they left the police station, Neville lit a cigarette, took a puff, and voiced his frustration.
“Everyone’s on the lookout for him.
Where could he possibly hide?”
Upset by a whole day’s fruitless effort, Neville scowled and continued, “This guy’s now a fugitive.
Who would dare help him? Does he really have such a devoted friend?”
Matthew kept quiet throughout.
When he finished his cigarette, a thought struck Neville.
He turned to Matthew and speculated, saying, “Could it be Flossie? Maybe Benny turned to her for help out of desperation, and she agreed in a moment of softheartedness?”
The more Neville talked, the more convinced he became.
But Matthew dismissed the idea outright and said, “No, it’s not her.
”
“Why are you so certain? Even though she claims to despise Benny, there is still something between them.
Flossie doesn’t seem to be heartless.
”
Matthew gave him a cold look and reminded him, “Remember, she’s the one who provided the crucial evidence that brought Benny down.
”
Neville had nothing to say in response.
With no leads left, he seemed downcast.
“If no one helps him, where could he possibly be hiding? We need to catch him quickly before he causes any serious harm!”
Matthew looked troubled and remained silent, unsure of Benny’s whereabouts.
He barely knew Benny after all.
“Let’s increase the number of people to guard on all exits.
It’s likely he’ll try to flee Seamarsh, lay low for a while, and then return.
”
This had been Benny’s tactic before.
Now unable to stay in Seamarsh, his only option seemed to be escape.
###chapter1765
Neville said, “I’ll take care of it immediately.
”
He opened the car door and said, “Where to? I can drive you.
”
Without hesitating, Matthew said, “Take me to my grandparents’ house first.
Stella is waiting there.
”
That night, when Waldo and Lucia saw Matthew, their eyes welled up with tears as they fussed over him.
After comforting the elderly couple, Matthew and Stella left the old house.
They chose not to worry Lucia and Waldo with the news of Benny’s escape.
Stella was uneasy
throughout the night.
Once they were away from the old house, Stella could no longer hold back what had been on her mind all day.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Have you found Benny?” she asked Matthew, filled with concern.
Matthew shook his head and said, “Not yet.
”
Stella’s expression darkened, a wave of fear washing over her.
Matthew quickly reassured her, saying, “Don’t worry.
The police and our team are on it.
We’ve nearly sealed off all exits; he won’t get far.
”
Stella nodded, trusting Matthew and the police’s competence.
The car fell into a brief silence before Stella broached a subject she hadn’t had the chance to during their earlier meeting.
“By the way, who is Gerry?” As she spoke, Stella’s concern deepened.
“Are you involved in the smuggling?”
Her worry stemmed from the possibility that Matthew might stray from the right path in his rush to take down Benny.
“I have nothing to do with them,” Matthew asserted firmly.
“I haven’t mentioned it yet, but we actually had another significant ally in our effort to bring down Benny.
”
Stella looked puzzled.
“Who is it?”
Matthew gave a slight smile.
“You know this person too.
”
He was interrupted before he could continue.
His phone rang.
Stella glanced at the caller ID and saw an unknown number.
“This is Colin.
”
Matthew was stunned for a few seconds when he heard Colin’s voice on the other end of the line.
After he listened to what Colin said, Matthew’s face suddenly changed.
He exchanged a few brief words, and then hung up the phone and drove quickly to Prosper Bay.
###chapter1766
Noticing the change in his expression, Stella couldn’t help but worry.
“What happened? Is there any news about Benny?” she asked, her voice anxious.
Matthew thought for a moment and answered honestly, “It’s Flossie.
She’s in danger.
”
Stella’s shock was evident.
“What happened to her?”
Despite her unresolved feelings about Flossie’s past deceptions, she harbored no ill wishes for her.
Matthew quickly explained the situation.
“Flossie was a crucial ally in our efforts to defeat Benny.
Edmund contacted the arms dealer, Gerry.
And it was Edmund who devised the plan that led to Benny’s downfall, providing us with crucial evidence.
”
As Matthew and Stella conversed, the car pulled up at Prosper Bay.
Before Stella could fully process Matthew’s words, he turned to her and said, “Colin is waiting for us.
Let’s find out what’s happening.
”
As soon as they got out of the car, Colin approached them.
Concern etched on her face, Stella inquired, “What happened to Flossie?”
Colin’s expression turned grave as he replied in a subdued tone, “Flossie was at my office when she got a call from Edmund.
He warned her that Benny had escaped during his transfer to the police station.
Before we could react, Benny’s bodyguard showed up and took her by force.
”
His frown deepened, his tone becoming colder with each word.
“I’ve always been worried about her safety; I even put a GPS tracker in her bracelet.
Since she was taken, the GPS showed her location moving to increasingly remote areas.
”
Colin’s expression darkened further.
“Now that Benny is on the loose, his intentions are unclear.
But it’s likely he’s using Flossie as leverage, threatening Edmund for his escape.
”
His fists clenched in frustration and anger at his inability to protect Flossie.
“I should have stopped the bodyguard when I had the chance,” he muttered.
Matthew frowned and asked, “Where’s the current Location?”
Colin immediately showed him the GPS location on his phone.
It pinpointed a remote area in the suburbs of Seamarsh, within the Chehig District-an empty and deserted area where finding someone would be akin to searching for a needle in a haystack.
Colin had no choice but to ask Matthew for help.
The atmosphere grew tense.
With a worried expression, Stella asked, “What’s our next move?”
Before Matthew could formulate a plan, his phone rang.
He picked it up and saw that it was a call from Benny.
Matthew answered immediately, his eyes as cold as ice.
“You’ve run out of options.
There’s no escape for you.
Surrender now, and I might consider showing you mercy.
”
“This isn’t over.
Don’t mistake my retreat for a defeat.
The law won’t resolve our conflict.
Let’s settle this face-to-face.
” Benny’s response was cold and menacing.
Matthew’s voice dropped to a low, dangerous tone.
“Tell me your address.
”
###chapter1767
“Seamarsh Cliff.
But I suggest you come alone.
If I catch wind of anyone else, I’ll have Waldo and Lucia pay the price,” Benny threatened with venomous intensity.
Matthew hung up the phone.
“Was that Benny?” Stella asked nervously.
“What was that about?”
Colin looked at Matthew with concern.
“He wants to meet me alone,” Matthew said in a deep voice.
“If I bring anyone with me, he’ll target my grandparents.
”
Stella, shocked, immediately made a call to ensure Waldo and Lucia were safe.
Benny had become a desperate man, capable of anything.
“Where does he want to meet you? Where’s Flossie? Please tell me she’s safe,” Colin asked anxiously.
“As long as Flossie is still useful to him, she will be safe,”
Matthew said calmly.
After checking the address, Matthew found that Seamarsh Cliff was only a kilometer away from Chehig District.
He was contemplating the perfect plan when Edmund contacted him.
Although Edmund had helped them against Benny before, Matthew didn’t trust him as an ally and couldn’t discern his true motives.
When the call connected, Matthew remained silent.
Edmund immediately expressed his willingness to cooperate.
“Benny took Flossie and just called me asking for a helicopter to be sent to Chehig District before dawn.
He must have contacted you as well.
”
Matthew frowned but stayed quiet.
“He has a cache of military weapons, but you’re more familiar with Seamarsh,” Edmund continued.
“If you can safely rescue Flossie, I can help you take down Benny.
”
As a businessman, Matthew understood clearly that friendships were driven by benefits, especially with someone as cunning as Edmund, who had been in the business world for years.
Given their shared goal, cooperation seemed feasible.
As an arms supplier, Edmund wielded significant power.
Having his support wouldn’t be a bad thing.
Matthew agreed and shared his plan.
“Flossie is in Chehig District.
Benny wants to meet at Seamarsh Cliff.
I’ll have my friend, Neville, rescue her during that time.
The dense forest at Seamarsh Cliff is perfect for hiding.
I’ve identified a possible hideout for Benny and found a weak point.
I need your men to help me break through.
”
Edmund agreed without hesitation.
“No problem.
I’ll arrange for my men to meet and deploy in advance.
”
After the planning, they hung up the phone.
###chapter1768
“I’m going to meet Neville and help rescue Flossie,” Colin volunteered.
Matthew silently consented, and Colin left decisively.
Stella had confirmed the safety of the elderly couple.
She approached Matthew and said, “Your grandparents are fine.
I advised them to stay indoors for now.
”
Matthew nodded but, still worried, made another call.
“Find some agile people to covertly relocate my grandparents and guard them at all times.
Don’t leave without my order.
”
Hearing his arrangements, Stella grew more uneasy.
As he prepared to leave, she grabbed Matthew’s hand.
“Are you really going to meet Benny alone?”
Matthew pressed his lips together and didn’t respond.
The answer was obvious.
Stella gripped his hand tightly.
“Benny is a madman now.
He has nothing to lose and could do anything.
I’m afraid he’ll harm you.
He’s set a trap, I’m sure of it.
I’m worried about you…”
Matthew touched her face and said firmly, “I must meet him.
This is my chance to eliminate Benny.
He is a huge threat.
If I don’t, he’ll cause endless trouble in the future.
”
He lowered his voice and promised gently, “Don’t worry.
I’ll protect myself and won’t make you worry anymore.
”
Stella still felt uneasy, but with Flossie kidnapped and the elderly couple possibly in danger, they had no choice.
They could only find peace after confronting Benny and resolving the issue.
After considering everything, Stella nodded slightly, accepting the situation.
“Be careful and protect yourself,” she said seriously.
After hanging up the phone, Benny’s eyes burned with hatred.
Having narrowly escaped from the police car, he was now a fugitive, hunted by law enforcement.
Matthew’s relentless pursuit forced him into a life of clandestine evasion akin to that of a rat scurrying in the shadows.
The blame for his predicament lay squarely on Matthew’s shoulders; it was Matthew who had nearly taken his life before.
It had taken Benny a long time to rest and recover before he could come back.
He didn’t have the patience to play games with Matthew repeatedly.
This time, he had to get rid of Matthew completely before Leaving.
Matthew was the Linchpin of the Clark family; without him, both the Prosperity Group and the Clark family would crumble, ending Benny’s quest for revenge.
As these thoughts raced through his mind, the fierce countenance on Benny’s face softened slightly.
Turning to Flossie, he offered a brief apology.
“I’m sorry for frightening you.
”
Flossie met Benny’s gaze but remained silent.
“Today, when Matthew unexpectedly appeared, I panicked.
You’re the one I care about most.
I feared he might exploit you to seek revenge on me, so in a moment of panic, I had the bodyguard bring you here.
Did I frighten you?”
Benny’s smile seemed genuine, reminiscent of the affectionate boyfriend he once was, yet his warm gaze sent shivers down Flossie’s spine.
###chapter1769
She couldn’t discern his true intentions, nor did she believe his words.
How could she not feel fear when she was whisked away to a secluded location without warning?
However, to avoid provoking him, she composed herself and said calmly, “I’m alright.
”
Holding Flossie’s hand, Benny reassured her, “Just hang in there a little longer.
Don’t worry; we’ll soon be able to leave this place and start afresh.
”
Flossie quivered with apprehension, swallowing hard to conceal her fear.
She made an effort to feign concern for him, gently urging, “Even though I’m not fully aware of the situation, if you’ve truly done something wrong, consider turning yourself in.
I don’t want you to
compound your mistakes.
I’ll appeal to Stella and Matthew for leniency, and my father will find a way to help us escape.
”
However, Benny shook his head disdainfully.
“You’re too trusting, Flossie.
The enmity between Matthew and me runs too deep.
He won’t spare me, and neither will I spare him.
One of us will meet our end.
”
If I surrender to the police, it’s a death sentence for me.
As for your father.
.
His words trailed off, replaced by a deadly glint in his eyes.
Edmund’s support was now out of the question.
Furthermore, Benny suspected that Edmund’s refusal to assist him, citing various excuses, was part of a calculated plan to sabotage his project, leaving him no choice but to turn to Gerry.
It dawned on Benny that Edmund, that treacherous bastard, had likely started planning to set him up when he refused to relinquish 50% of Prosperity Group’s shares.
A surge of hatred consumed him.
Matthew, Edmund-anyone who wronged him would face his wrath.
After dealing with them, he’d leave with Flossie.
She had saved him once, and since her bond with Edmund wasn’t deep, he didn’t mind her identity as Edmund’s daughter.
‘s BunnyBookery
Observing the murderous glint in Benny’s eyes, Flossie sensed his intentions.
Benny’s tone softened as he said, “You don’t need to worry about the details.
Just stay here and wait for me to return.
”
With that, he drove off, leaving Flossie behind with the bodyguard.
As his car disappeared from view, Flossie’s gaze turned cold and indifferent.
Any tenderness or affection she once harbored for Benny evaporated.
She no longer harbored illusions about him.
Flossie gently clasped the bracelet in her hand, feeling grateful for the protection Colin had provided.
This bracelet could automatically alert the police.
When she spotted Benny in the suburbs, she activated the distress signal, summoning the authorities.
In the shadows of Seamarsh Cliff, Benny waited.
The appointed time with Matthew had arrived, and he watched as Matthew’s car struggled up the steep mountain road, the headlights cutting through the darkness like a knife.
The road was treacherous, and the car wobbled as it climbed.
Benny’s eyes, sharp as a hawk’s, never left the vehicle.
###chapter1770
He had a gut feeling that tonight would be the climax of their long, twisted tale.
Sure enough, Matthew came alone, just as Benny had anticipated.
His concern for Waldo and Lucia had made him cautious, and his solitude satisfied Benny immensely.
He loaded his gun, the click echoing in the night, and dialed Matthew’s number.
When Matthew answered, Benny barked, “Get out of the car!”
He hung up immediately, and then pointed his gun in the direction of Matthew.
Matthew complied, stepping out of the vehicle.
Benny aimed, years of festering resentment boiling over.
He squeezed the trigger repeatedly, each shot a cathartic release of his pent-up rage.
His only thought was to end Matthew’s life!
This vendetta had consumed him, becoming a dark obsession that gnawed at his soul.
Gunfire shattered the night.
Matthew, reacting quickly, dived back into the car, but not before a bullet found its mark in his chest.
He staggered momentarily, but the bulletproof vest he wore absorbed the impact, sparing his life.
Despite the pain from a graze on his arm from another bullet as he got in, Matthew slammed the car door shut.
Benny’s remaining bullets ricocheted off the bulletproof vehicle, sparking against the metal but causing no harm.
“f@ck!” Benny cursed, realizing Matthew had been prepared.
Furious, he reached for a more powerful sniper rifle, but just as he was about to switch weapons, a bullet tore through his shoulder.
His hand trembled, and the rifle slipped from his grasp, clattering to the ground.
Benny looked toward the source of the shot, cursing himself for not foreseeing Matthew’s snipers.
He had revealed his position when he fired at Matthew, and now Matthew’s men reacted accordingly.
Benny’s desire to kill Matthew led to his own carelessness.
And he didn’t expect Matthew would use himself as bait.
Benny’s eyes reddened with rage.
He couldn’t remain in this exposed position.
Struggling to control his fury, he supported his injured shoulder and called Edmund, his voice seething with anger.
“Get your helicopter to the Seamarsh Cliff immediately.
Don’t waste a second, or I’ll have someone kill Flossie!”
Thankfully, he still had leverage; it wasn’t a total loss.
He needed to escape now or face certain death.
As long as he lived, he would settle the score with Matthew eventually.
###chapter1771
But Edmund’s response was a mocking laugh.
“Sorry to disappoint you.
We’ve already found Flossie.
Besides her, what else do you have to threaten me with?”
Benny’s face drained of color, fear gripping him as his body weakened from blood loss and despair.
“No! That’s impossible!” he shouted desperately.
“How could you find her?”
Edmund scoffed.
“Believe what you want.
We’ve rescued her, but I can still send you the helicopter…”
At that moment, the sound of helicopter blades slicing through the air drowned out Edmund’s voice.
Benny looked up, seeing a helicopter approaching.
Before he could react, the snipers on board opened fire, the relentless barrage echoing through the
mountains, startling flocks of birds into frenzied flight, their cries piercing the night.
A kilometer away, Flossie, on the verge of departure, noticed something amiss.
She turned, gazing back toward the Seamarsh Cliff.
As Flossie arrived at the scene, heavy rain began to pour down.
She was surrounded by men in black.
A wave of emotions crashed over her, leaving her torn between sadness and a strange numbness.
Holding an umbrella, Colin gently placed a hand on her shoulder, offering solace.
“Let’s head back.
There’s nothing worth seeing here.
”
Flossie didn’t respond, nor did she move.
Lost in her thoughts, she stood rooted to the spot as if immobilized.
When Matthew emerged, Neville rushed to his side, eager to inquire about the situation, but his attention was immediately drawn to the wound on Matthew’s arm.
His expression darkened, and he muttered, “Damn it! How did Benny manage to hurt you again?”
Matthew shook his head reassuringly and said, “I’ll be fine.
”
“How’s that bastard doing?” Neville inquired in a hushed tone.
Matthew didn’t answer him, his gaze fixed on Flossie, who stood nearby.
“If you want to see him one last time, there’s still time,” he finally said, his tone somber.
Neville arched an eyebrow, surprised by what Matthew was hinting at.
But considering the commotion he had just witnessed, he harbored doubts about Benny’s survival.
Opting not to comment, he focused on escorting Matthew to the hospital.
Meanwhile, Flossie, her mind in turmoil, staggered forward in a daze.
###chapter1772
Benny was being carried out, his chest and arms gruesomely wounded, bleeding profusely.
The rain mixed with his blood, painting him a ghastly red.
He was barely clinging to life.
Flossie’s heart sank as she struggled to catch her breath.
As Benny’s eyes met Flossie’s, a flicker of excitement passed over his face, and he seemed about to
speak.
However, when his gaze shifted to Colin, his expression changed dramatically.
Realization dawned upon him, disbelief coloring his features.
“It’s… It’s you?” he managed to whisper, the words draining what little energy he had left.
A hint of sympathy flickered across Flossie’s face, though it was fleeting.
“I’ve given you countless chances,” she began, her voice cutting through the sound of rain with a cold, desolate edge.
“I’ve always hoped you’d mend your ways.
I was even willing to forsake my friendship with Stella, to renounce my identity as Edmund’s daughter, just to be with you.
But when you insisted on ending our baby’s life… our baby… how could you bear to do such a thing?”
Her words trembled with emotion, tears welling in her eyes, tinted with profound loathing.
Benny gasped, overwhelmed with emotion, his expression gradually turning ferocious.
He stared at Flossie, unable to confront the reality she laid bare.
Closing her eyes, Flossie continued, “I warned you, if anything happened to the baby, I would hate you.
But I never wished for your death.
I only wanted you to face the consequences of your actions.
”
Benny’s lips quivered as he tried to respond, but no words came out.
His breaths were ragged, and his face contorted to anger and helplessness.
Flossie drew in a deep breath, suppressing her tears as she tightened her fists.
“Perhaps it was a mistake from the moment I met you.
We shouldn’t have been together in the first place.
I understand now-you never loved me.
Your heart belonged to Evelyn.
So, if there’s a next life, let’s not cross paths again.
”
“It’s you… It’s all because of you…” Benny’s gaze bored into Flossie’s, a sudden clarity dawning upon him.
He pieced together the puzzle: Edmund’s abrupt change in demeanor, the evidence Matthew had gathered.
Benny, always vigilant, questioned why incriminating evidence would fall into Matthew’s hands.
The only plausible explanation was betrayal from within his circle.
And the truth hit him like a ton of bricks-it was Flossie who had orchestrated his downfall.
Faced with his accusation, Flossie offered no denial.
With a bitter smile, Benny struggled to speak, his voice weak.
“You… you’re so heartless…”
As his voice trailed off, the faint rise and fall of his chest gradually ceased.
With his hand falling limply and his eyes still brimming with hatred, Flossie’s heart shattered into a million pieces, leaving her in a daze.
Had he truly died like this?
###chapter1773
Colin drove Flossie home.
Throughout the journey, Flossie remained silent, not even shedding a tear.
The more composed she appeared, the more concerned Colin grew.
Taking the initiative to break the silence, he said, “Remember the jewelry exhibition I mentioned? This time, they’re showcasing a diamond called ‘Tenacious Rose,’ just released by the brand.
It’s the
diamond’s debut worldwide.
Coincidentally, I’m acquainted with the brand owner and designer.
I believe this diamond perfectly suits your aura.
If you’re interested, I can arrange a discussion with them.
”
Speaking softly, mindful of her potential distress, Colin received no response from Flossie, as if his words hadn’t reached her.
As the car halted at a traffic light, Colin gently took her hand.
Flossie snapped out of her reverie, a flicker of panic crossing her eyes before confusion set in.
Colin felt a pang of sympathy for her.
In a soft murmur, he offered solace, saying, “If you’re hurting, allow yourself to cry.
There’s no need to hold it back.
”
Flossie shook her head, asserting, “I’m alright.
”
Her gaze remained fixed ahead, her eyes seemingly vacant, concealing her thoughts.
After a pause, Colin heard her voice again.
“When I met Matthew a few days ago, he expressed a desire to end Benny’s life.
I suggested that stripping Benny of everything he held dear might inflict a fate worse than death upon him.
Thus, I opted to condemn him to a lifetime behind bars.
”
With a self-deprecating smile, Flossie continued, “Yet, someone like him, if sentenced to life in prison, might prefer death.
Perhaps he was right.
I might truly be merciless.
”
Colin ed, “His downfall is his own doing.
You bear no responsibility for his choices.
Don’t let anyone’s opinion tarnish your self-worth.
”
Sensing Colin’s inclination to say more, Flossie felt uneasy, unwilling to entertain further conversation.
Just as the traffic light turned green, she gently reminded him, “We should proceed.
The light is green.
”
Aware of Colin’s affection for her, yet weighed down by recent events, she relinquished any hope of romance.
She cherished their friendship dearly and dreaded losing Colin.
Observing Flossie’s reticence, Colin fell silent.
After a pause, he ventured tentatively, “So, where would you like to go now?”
Lost in thought, Flossie took her time to respond.
“Let’s head to the hotel.
”
She couldn’t bear to return to her former residence.
The abundance of memories with Benny, whether joyful or painful, now felt like a confining cage, ensnaring her.
Upon hearing Flossie’s words, Colin surmised her thoughts.
While he empathized with her, he disagreed with the idea of her residing in a hotel.
“The hotel isn’t secure, and it’s swarming with journalists.
As a public figure, you shouldn’t stay there for an extended period.
”
###chapter1774
Flossie cast her gaze downward, furrowing her brows as she contemplated his words.
Capitalizing on the moment, Colin suggested, “Why not stay at my place for the time being?”
A flicker of uncertainty crossed Flossie’s expression.
Before she could decline, Colin pressed on, “Don’t fret.
I rarely stay there myself.
I won’t intrude on your privacy.
”
Persuaded by his reasoning, Flossie relented.
Fatigue weighing heavily upon her, she simply longed for a place to rest and recuperate.
Colin’s home indeed provided much greater safety than the hotel.
In the hospital, Matthew’s injury appeared relatively minor.
After receiving medical attention and having his wound dressed, he instructed Neville, “You needn’t watch over me.
To confirm whether Benny survived.
”
Neville brushed off the request.
“Is that necessary? He took bullets to the chest and was barely clinging to life earlier.
It’s unlikely he survived.
”
Matthew’s gaze darkened.
A realization dawned on Neville: Matthew himself had been shot in the chest at the wedding, yet he managed to pull through.
Without protesting further, Neville declared earnestly, “I’ll go.
I’ll return after confirming Benny’s demise.
”
Before Neville could depart, Stella entered the room.
Upon spotting the bandage on Matthew’s arm, tears immediately brimmed in Stella’s eyes.
Matthew instinctively moved to cover it, but Stella intervened, halting his motion.
Fixing her gaze on Matthew, she furrowed her brow and queried unhappily, “What happened between you and Benny? How did you get injured again? Are there any other wounds?”
With a determined expression, she began unbuttoning his shirt, intending to inspect for further injuries.
Neville coughed discreetly, reminding her of his presence.
Stella paused, turning to regard Neville.
Awkwardly, Neville offered a strained smile and announced, “I’ll attend to some unfinished tasks.
I won’t disturb you two.
”
With that, he promptly exited the room.
Once more, the ward’s door was sealed shut.
Without delay, Matthew ushered Stella to a seat and relayed the recent events.
“Benny sustained graver injuries.
He’s been shot multiple times in his arms and chest.
Survival seems unlikely.
”
Stella paused in astonishment, comprehending his precise intention.
Her concern evident, she exclaimed in disbelief, “You employed yourself as a lure to draw out Benny.
Were you intending to risk your life?”
“I was fully prepared.
Besides, I’m well now,” Matthew asserted with a grin.
###chapter1775
Stella, deliberately maintaining a stoic expression, remarked, “You assured me you wouldn’t sustain any injuries…”
Her voice trembled with emotion as tears gradually pooled in her eyes.
Matthew rushed to embrace her, repeatedly expressing regret.
“I apologize.
I acknowledge my mistake.
This marks the end of my recklessness.
I give you my word.
”
Under his reassurance, Stella gradually regained her composure.
“Where is Flossie?”
Matthew said, “She’s safe, with Colin.
”
Stella murmured an assent quietly and remained silent thereafter.
That night, Matthew remained in the hospital for observation, with his wound unable to tolerate exposure to water.
Stella fetched a basin of water to assist him in cleaning his body, discreetly checking for any additional concealed wounds.
Despite her careful and gentle gestures, she harbored constant anger, convinced he had exerted immense effort to recover, only to be injured again.
Sensing her ire, Matthew extended a sincere apology.
“I’ve endeavored to shield myself.
Please, don’t be upset.
”
Observing her continued reluctance to engage, Matthew feigned discomfort with a muted groan.
Stella halted abruptly, her concern palpable.
“What’s the matter? Are you in pain?”
Capitalizing on her concern, Matthew enveloped her with his uninjured arm.
“I’m alright, darling.
Can we talk? Please?”
Stella discerned the trap she had unwittingly entered.
Swiftly withdrawing from his grasp, she asserted, “Don’t touch me.
You’ve broken your vow.
”
Her actions were deliberate; she aimed to impart a lesson to Matthew, warning him not to risk his life again.
Matthew refused to release her, intensifying his grip, while Stella covertly applied greater force.
During his struggle, Matthew was suddenly overcome by dizziness, prompting him to decisively loosen his grip.
In an abrupt turn of events, Stella sensed an odd sensation as the grip slackened.
Noticing Matthew’s ailing appearance, she provided support and inquired, “What’s amiss? Are you feeling unwell? I’ll summon the doctor…”
Matthew gently grasped her hand, momentarily calming himself before softly stating, “I’m alright.
It’s likely just lingering effects from when my head took a blow last time.
It’s inconsequential.
”
Concern etched across her features, Stella suggested, “Let’s schedule a thorough examination tomorrow.
”
Though tempted to decline, Matthew’s resolve weakened under Stella’s gaze, which lingered on the scar marking his chest from Benny’s shot at the wedding.
The scar was still very clear.
“Well, I’m getting dressed now,” Matthew remarked nonchalantly, donning his attire as though oblivious to Stella’s scrutiny Stella’s voice, strained and hoarse, conveyed her concern.
“The doctor warned that your heart was nearly harmed.
I’m truly fearful of a recurrence.
If you lapse into a coma once more, I’m at a loss for what actions to take.
”
Matthew assured Stella, “The issue with Benny has been resolved.
I vow it shall not recur.
”
###chapter1776
Wary of Stella dwelling on the matter, he diverted the conversation.
“I’m contemplating another wedding.
Any suggestions?”
Stella’s previous wedding experience was so harrowing that she still shuddered at the mention of the word “wedding.
”
“Just forget about it.
Let’s not have it.
” She soaked the towel again and wrung it out.
Understanding her fear, Matthew attempted to persuade her, “We still need to plan the wedding, and it’s some time away.
I promise you a magnificent celebration and a wonderful memory.
”
Stella was on the verge of ing, but the genuine Look in his eyes made it hard for her to refuse.
She remained silent, though inside she was still resistant.
She decided to wait a bit and then ask Lucia to convince Matthew to quit the idea of holding another wedding.
The following day, during the check-up, the doctor advised Matthew on what to avoid and informed him when his stitches would be removed.
“Everything’s fine for now.
You can proceed with the discharge process.
”
Concerned about Matthew’s unexpected dizziness the previous evening Stella requested, “I’d like him to undergo a comprehensive check-up.
”
“There’s no rush.
” Matthew dismissed it, saying, “It was just a slight dizzy spell.
It’s no big deal.
I’m feeling much better now.
”
Recently, Stella has been consumed with anxiety over his health.
He didn’t want her to continue worrying, so he planned to return to the hospital alone for a check-up later.
He would inform her if all was well.
Listening to Stella, the doctor urged, “Even though the basic tests didn’t show any issues, it’s important to have a further check-up if you feel off.
If you want a thorough check-up, I can arrange it right now.
”
Matthew was silent.
Just as Stella was about to agree, his phone interrupted her.
It was a call from Neville.
Matthew stepped aside to take the call.
“What’s the update?”
Neville’s voice came through.
“I’ve verified personally that Benny is deceased, and the DNA matches.
He’s definitely gone this time.
”
“Okay, Matthew responded calmly.
”
He felt indifferent toward Benny, who had only disrupted his once peaceful life.
Hearing of Benny’s death simply meant one less problem for him.
The only emotion Matthew felt was a sense of relief.
He no Longer had to worry about Stella and their close ones being in danger.
“Is there anything else I should check?” Neville asked.
“No, just go home and rest.
You’ve really put in the effort these past days,” Matthew advised.
Neville sighed in relief and teased, “You’re right.
I’m utterly worn out.
Now, I can finally catch some decent sleep.
”
###chapter1777
“Thank you.
” Matthew smiled and added, “I’ll treat you to dinner soon.
”
Without missing a beat, Neville replied, “Then I’ll pick the priciest dishes.
”
Matthew just grinned, remaining silent, and ended the call.
The doctor realized Matthew wasn’t interested in a full check-up today, so he departed while Matthew was on the phone.
Stella had a general idea of their conversation based on what Matthew said on the phone.
She didn’t press for more details.
Instead, she gathered their belongings, and they were ready to leave the hospital.
As they were about to exit the room, a bodyguard knocked and entered, announcing, “Mr.
Clark, Bella is Here.
”
“Bella? Why is she here?” Stella was mildly surprised but instructed the bodyguard to usher Bella in.
In addition to Bella, Elizabeth was present.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella’s gaze briefly met Elizabeth’s before she averted her eyes, disregarding Elizabeth’s unfriendly demeanor.
With a smile directed at Bella, Stella remarked, “Bella, it’s a pleasant surprise to see you here today.
”
“I came after learning about Mr.
Clark’s injury.
I’m concerned for him and thought to pay a visit,” Bella stated, her eyes shifting to Matthew as she inquired, “How are you feeling now?”
Matthew responded with a distant yet courteous tone, “Thank you for your concern.
I’m feeling much better.
”
Bella let out a sigh of relief, remarking, “That’s reassuring.
After all, one’s health is paramount.
”
The three engaged in light conversation, touching upon the clothing project.
Bella had also caught wind of the developments within Prosperity Group but lacked specifics.
“Are you still considering proceeding with this project?”
Matthew nodded approvingly.
“I entrust this project to Stella.
Bella, I trust you’ll provide valuable guidance.
Stella has always admired your design skills.
”
Bella’s gaze softened.
“Stella possesses exceptional design prowess.
I deeply value her talent.
Your selection of her as project lead is commendable.
”
Bella’s commendation of Stella was sincere, causing Stella to blush modestly.
With humility, Stella admitted, “Your praise is flattering.
I don’t consider myself that skilled.
I’m truly sorry for having you help with the data manipulation.
”
“Why do you harbor such doubts?” Bella said in surprise.
“The integrity of the sales figures was never compromised.
”
Stella paused, perplexed.
“But…”
Despite prolonged contemplation, she couldn’t reconcile the discrepancy.
Bella elucidated with a smile, “I presented your design concepts to our clients.
They were overwhelmingly impressed, securing reservations and deposits.
The final payments are imminent.
This demonstrates their appreciation for your design acumen.
My role was merely to facilitate introductions.
The accolades are entirely attributable to your talent.
”
###chapter1778
Upon hearing Bella’s acknowledgment, Stella brimmed with excitement.
“Truly?”
Bella responded solemnly, “Absolutely.
Your talent as a designer is undeniable.
Believe in yourself.
”
Recognized by Bella, warmth and emotion flooded Stella, her eyes glistening with tears.
She replied earnestly, “Thank you for your acknowledgment and encouragement.
I vow to persevere and exceed your expectations.
”
Bella admired this humble and industrious individual.
With a gentle smile, she affirmed, “I have faith in you.
”
Noticing her complete dismissal, Elizabeth seethed with anger, her nails nearly piercing her palm.
It was Elizabeth who proposed the idea of visiting Matthew after seeing the news, hoping to ensure his safety.
Yet, the conversation revolved around Stella, much to her dismay.
Even Matthew was engrossed in Stella, paying her no attention.
Elizabeth could no longer tolerate the cheerful chatter of the trio.
Seizing an opportunity, she interjected reproachfully, “Mom, aren’t we here for Matthew? Why focus solely on business?”
Upon her utterance, silence swept through the room.
Unfazed by any sense of shame, Elizabeth fixed her gaze on Matthew, offering, “Are you still feeling discomfort? Tomorrow, I shall prepare a nourishing soup to aid your recovery.
”
Stella’s countenance shifted to stoicism as she observed Elizabeth’s concern for Matthew.
Before Stella could interject, Matthew promptly declined, stating, “We have staff at home for such matters.
”
Elizabeth, hearing her kindness compared to mere household help, briefly felt mortified.
Nevertheless, she persisted, recognizing the rarity of her encounter with Matthew.
“Please, misunderstand me not.
My intentions are purely altruistic.
With Stella occupied by her duties, I fear she may Lack the time to attend to you adequately.
The staff, though diligent, may not offer the meticulous care you require.
I often prepare soups, believing they could expedite your recovery from injury.
”
While conversing, she discreetly observed Stella before adding, “Recently, you were in a coma.
I intended to visit you, only to consistently face rejection.
Perhaps Stella harbors lingering resentment from past events.
”
Her voice tinged with sorrow, she lamented, “It’s been quite some time since those unfortunate incidents transpired.
I genuinely aspire to mend our relationship, yet it appears Stella remains unable to forgive.
”
Elizabeth’s words were laced with sarcasm, subtly suggesting Stella was being small-minded.
The people in the ward quickly understood her insinuation.
Matthew’s expression darkened, and he was about to defend Stella, but she placed a gentle hand on his arm to stop him.
Stella held Elizabeth’s gaze and said evenly, “Matthew is my husband.
Even with my busy work schedule, I don’t need others to look after him.
” She paused, and then continued, “And when he was in a coma, you know we were cautious with everyone, not just you.
Don’t overthink it, Miss Wallace.
”
Stella’s cool comeback effortlessly shut down Elizabeth’s sarcasm, leaving the air feeling lighter between them.
Elizabeth felt a sting of discomfort at Stella’s directness but kept her anger hidden, aware that Matthew and Bella were watching.
###chapter1779
With a quick tuck of her hair behind her ear, she flashed a strained smile.
“I was too worried about Matthew; I got the wrong idea about your intention…”
“That’s enough,” Bella quickly interrupted.
“Stella was right to be cautious in those circumstances.
There’s no need to take it personally.
Everything is fine now, so let’s not bring up those unpleasant memories.
”
Bella’s disapproval of Elizabeth’s actions was obvious.
She had intended to come alone today, but Elizabeth had insisted on tagging along.
Elizabeth had sworn she wouldn’t cause any trouble, but she broke her promise.
Bella regretted her decision to bring Elizabeth along.
Facing Bella’s sharp gaze, Elizabeth stayed silent.
Bella’s expression softened a bit as she turned to Stella.
“Actually, I came today because I have something important to share with you.
”
Stella always respected Bella, not because Bella might be her mother, but for her own reputation in the industry.
Hearing Bella had something to say, Stella asked eagerly, “What is it?”
Bella was about to speak when Elizabeth’s face twisted, and she let out a low groan.
Everyone’s attention shifted to Elizabeth.
Bella frowned, puzzled by Elizabeth’s behavior.
Elizabeth clutched the sofa with one hand, pressing her other hand to her stomach.
“Mom…”
Bella hurried to her side.
“What’s wrong? Are you feeling sick?”
Elizabeth’s face turned pale as she whispered, “I have a stomachache.
I think I ate something bad this morning.
”
Elizabeth sensed what Bella was about to propose.
Bella intended for Stella to officially take charge of the design studio.
‘s BunnyBookery
However, Elizabeth couldn’t bear to lose something she considered hers.
Knowing that she was incapable of changing Bella’s mind, Elizabeth decided to stall for time.
She believed that by staying close to Bella, she could prevent Stella from gaining any ground.
Grasping Bella’s hand, Elizabeth spoke with a strained voice.
“Mom, I feel terrible.
Can you take me to see a doctor?”
Bella hesitated, unsure if Elizabeth was truly unwell, but she couldn’t take the risk of ignoring her.
Helping Elizabeth to her feet, Bella turned to Stella with an apologetic expression.
“We’ll have to discuss this later.
I need to take Elizabeth to the doctor.
”
Stella gave a quick nod as she watched them walk away, her gaze lingering until they were out of sight.
Once they were gone, she sighed deeply.
If Bella really was her mother and Elizabeth was always around, how could she ever get close to Bella?
###chapter1780
Noticing her apprehension, Matthew reached out and pulled her into a comforting embrace.
“Hey, don’t stress about what hasn’t even happened yet.
Just go with the flow.
”
Stella nodded, realizing that worrying wouldn’t change anything.
Plus, she wasn’t entirely convinced that Bella was her real mom.
Seeing Stella’s tension ease, Matthew continued, “We’ll have plenty of time to partner with Bella on the clothing project.
We could even snag a strand of her hair for a DNA test.
”
Stella agreed, feeling a sense of urgency to take action.
With a plan forming in her mind, she felt a glimmer of hope.
Suddenly, a bodyguard hurried over, delivering the news.
“Mr.
Clark, Fernando has regained consciousness.
”
Emerging from Matthew’s ward, Bella prepared to escort Elizabeth for a check-up.
Elizabeth was only feigning illness, so she was reluctant to have any check-up.
She halted mid-step to assert, “I’m feeling considerably better now.
The discomfort has subsided significantly; there’s no necessity for an examination.
”
Nevertheless, Bella persisted, reasoning, “Given your recent discomfort, it’s prudent to seek medical insight into the cause of your stomachache.
”
“I truly feel fine,” Elizabeth insisted resignedly.
Yet Bella remained steadfast, ultimately compelling Elizabeth to undergo the examination.
The results indicated her wellness.
Bella’s countenance darkened, her brow furrowing in suspicion.
A bit flustered, Elizabeth confessed, “It was merely a fleeting stomachache, causing momentary discomfort and perspiration.
I recovered swiftly.
”
Despite her explanation, Bella remained unconvinced.
Elizabeth’s eyes sparkled with a hint of panic.
She grasped Bella’s hand gently, teasing, “Isn’t it fortunate that I’m in good health? Would you prefer otherwise?”
Before Bella could interject, Elizabeth took the lead in the conversation.
She feigned melancholy, murmuring, “Or do you doubt my sincerity regarding my well-being? Is that how you perceive me?”
Bella didn’t directly address the inquiry, opting instead for a hushed inquiry.
“Why did you insist on accompanying me to the hospital today?”
At the sound of Bella’s query, Elizabeth abandoned her pretense of sorrow.
Had Bella penetrated her strategic facade?
Observing Bella intently for a moment, Elizabeth felt reassured as it appeared Bella was merely harboring suspicions.
She replied, “I was merely concerned for your well-being, especially considering your recent headaches.
I felt uneasy about you venturing out alone.
As for my remarks in the ward, they stemmed from remorse toward Stella for a past misdeed, prompting me to seek redemption.
”
After expressing her dismay, she reiterated, “I already have a boyfriend.
How could I persist in foolishness? I didn’t anticipate their harsh words.
”
Bella was swayed by her genuine sentiments and refrained from pursuing the subject further.
###chapter1781
Reflecting on Andrew, she remarked, “It’s been quite some time since I last saw Andrew.
Perhaps we could invite him to join us for dinner another time.
”
“Sure, I’ll coordinate when my schedule permits,” Elizabeth replied dismissively.
Her mention of Andrew was merely to allay Bella’s suspicions; she didn’t hold any significant regard
for him.
During their journey back, Elizabeth paused briefly before inquiring of Bella, “How long do you intend to remain in Seamarsh?”
Bella turned toward her, puzzled, and queried, “You don’t appear enthusiastic about my stay here.
”
Elizabeth, startled, concealed her true motives, stating, “No, it’s just that you’ve been experiencing frequent headaches since you arrived in Seamarsh.
Perhaps this environment isn’t conducive for you, so it might be best to return to Dorburn sooner rather than later.
”
Bella declined promptly.
“My purpose here is to assist Stella in assuming control of my business.
I have yet to complete my tasks.
How can I go back? Moreover, I’m leading a project with her, and abandoning it midway is not an option.
If you’re discontent here, you’re welcome to return first.
”
With that, she shut her eyes, signaling her reluctance to engage further.
Observing Bella’s steadfastness, Elizabeth felt a twinge of frustration.
Concerned by Bella’s recent preoccupation with Stella, Elizabeth grew even more apprehensive that she might recollect something.
Even if Bella’s memory remained elusive, Elizabeth feared that continued association with Stella would inevitably lead to the truth being unraveled sooner or later.
Contemplating this, Elizabeth grew increasingly unsettled.
Upon returning to the hotel, she promptly dialed Kristian’s number.
“You must expedite Bella’s return to Dorburn without delay.
We can’t let her continue to interact with Stella.
If this persists, I fear I’ll be unable to control the situation,” Elizabeth asserted firmly.
Kristian, left with little recourse, conceded, “I fabricated an illness but failed to persuade her.
She seems resolute about staying in Seamarsh indefinitely.
You may need to devise a solution independently.
”
“You’re incompetent,” Elizabeth spat out bitterly.
“You’ve been married to her for ages, yet you can’t manage your wife.
I have no idea what you’ve been up to.
”
Kristian’s anger flared.
“You’re her daughter, and now you’re on her side.
What can you do about it, huh?”
Elizabeth seethed, her breath quickening with anger.
Though agitated, Elizabeth maintained a cooler demeanor than Kristian.
“Arguing like this is pointless.
We should focus on what steps to take next instead of bickering.
”
Kristian whispered, “Do you have a plan?”
Elizabeth’s eyes narrowed.
“I have a plan, but I need your assistance.
”
She told Kristian her plan.
Elizabeth shared her plan with Kristian and gained his support before ending the call.
If the plan succeeded, Bella would realize that Stella wasn’t as competent as she thought, leading to her disappointment.
###chapter1782
Elizabeth would stay close to Bella.
By further manipulating the situation, she could alter Bella’s perception of Stella, removing the need for her to intervene.
Bella would naturally reassess the studio’s successor.
Once her goal was met, Elizabeth would arrange for someone to assume control of Bella’s studio.
This way, she would maintain control over everything that belonged to her.
The thought of Stella’s frustration rejuvenated Elizabeth, dispelling the anger she had felt at the hospital earlier.
In high spirits, she called Andrew.
“What’s up?” Andrew’s tone was consistently chilly yet agreeable.
Without Matthew in the picture, Andrew might have been a decent boyfriend option.
However, Elizabeth had found someone better suited for her, leading her to let go of Andrew.
After a brief moment of regret, Elizabeth composed herself and asked Andrew, “My mom wants to invite you for dinner tonight.
Can you pretend to be my boyfriend for the evening?”
Meanwhile, the doctor examined Fernando and concluded that he was in good health.
He could leave the hospital after a period of rest.
Stella and Matthew felt a wave of relief wash over them.
With everything sorted out, they exited the hospital together.
Stella intended to return to the studio.
“We’ve had several orders come in recently.
I’ll handle the arrangements first before diving into the Prosperity Group’s tasks.
”
With the project under her responsibility and her collaboration with Bella, Stella aimed to excel and uphold the trust placed in her by Matthew and Bella.
Matthew escorted her to the studio’s entrance.
“Don’t overburden yourself.
If you encounter any issues, feel free to reach out.
I’ll pick you up after I finish work this evening.
”
“Alright.
” Stella nodded in agreement and bid him farewell with a smile.
She only headed back to the studio after the car vanished from her view.
Upon Matthew’s return to the company and his approach to the elevator, he encountered Emery exiting a separate elevator.
“Hello, Mr.
Clark.
” Emery initiated the greeting.
“Hi,” Matthew responded quietly and entered the elevator without further words.
Emery was surprised by his reaction.
She learned from her father that Benny had fled after facing charges of corruption, bribery, intentional homicide, and smuggling.
His subsequent death meant the complete return of Prosperity Group to Matthew’s control.
Technically, her appointment was under Benny’s authority, and Matthew should have dismissed her promptly.
However, she had been in her role for a while without any termination notice.
“How intriguing.
” Emery smiled with interest.
Matthew and Stella suddenly piqued her curiosity.
She found Matthew and Stella far more fascinating than Flossie and Benny.
At Colin’s residence, concern hung heavy in the air.
###chapter1783
Flossie had been stricken with a stubborn high fever that refused to relent since coming to Colin’s house.
Despite administering medication and employing various methods to cool her down, the fever kept returning, leaving Colin fraught with worry.
Colin, feeling helpless as he watched her struggle, finally decided to call in a private doctor.
The doctor arrived promptly, administered intravenous fluids to stabilize Flossie, and monitored her until her fever almost subsided.
Colin remained by Flossie’s side throughout, his worry deepening with each hour that passed.
Watching her face, flushed from the fever, he felt a mix of helplessness and deep concern for her well-being.
Suddenly, a knock on the door echoed through the room.
Colin swiftly rose and opened the door to find the housekeeper waiting with a message that instantly piqued his interest.
“Mr.
Yates, Mr.
Hanson outside wants to meet Miss Diaz,” the housekeeper whispered urgently.
Mr.
Hanson?
It didn’t take long for Colin to realize who it was.
He nodded, quickly making arrangements for Flossie’s care in his absence.
“I know.
Please look after Flossie.
If anything happens, just let me know.
I’ll step out for a bit.
”
With a simple “Okay”, the housekeeper moved past Colin to attend to Flossie, leaving him to receive the visitor.
As Colin entered the living room, he saw Edmund.
His knowledge of Edmund was limited; he knew primarily that Flossie held him in high regard and that he had exerted considerable effort to help her recently.
Colin greeted him with a reserved nod, maintaining a cautious silence.
Edmund, cutting straight to the chase, stated firmly, “I’m here to take my daughter home.
”
The declaration caught Colin off guard.
While he had suspicions, the directness of the statement demanded clarification.
“Your daughter?”
“Flossie.
I know she’s here.
” Edmund spoke with firm determination.
Upon confirming his identity, Colin’s approach shifted toward more formal.
courtesy.
“Mr.
Hanson, please, have a seat,” he said politely, gesturing toward the sitting area while reaching to pour a glass of water as a sign of hospitality.
Edmund, however, waved away the gesture, his mind clearly preoccupied with more pressing concerns.
“No, thank you,” he declined briskly.
“I’m here to see Flossie.
How is she? What’s her condition?”
The worry in his voice was palpable, each word underscored by a father’s concern.
Colin pressed his lips together briefly, choosing his words with care.
“Flossie has been unwell, suffering from a fever.
She’s just had intravenous therapy,” he explained.
###chapter1784
“How bad is it?” Edmund’s anxiety seemed to peak, prompting him to request immediately, “Take me to her, now.
She’s been through a lot recently-there was a heavy downpour yesterday, and she witnessed Benny’s death at Seamarch Cliff.
”
Colin nodded solemnly and motioned for Edmund to follow.
As Colin and Edmund entered the room, they found Flossie still unconscious, her face etched with discomfort.
Her cheeks were flushed with fever, and she seemed to be wrestling with her pain even in sleep.
Edmund’s heart sank at the sight of his daughter suffering.
Colin, sensing his concern, quickly reassured him, “She has been Like this since her return from Seamarsh Cliff.
The doctor just examined her and assured us she’d recover once the fever subsides.
Don’t worry, I’ll ensure she gets the best care.
”
Just as Colin finished speaking, Flossie began to stir, her eyelids fluttering open slowly.
Colin immediately moved closer, his tone soft and caring.
“Would you like some water?”
Flossie looked up, her expression clouded with confusion.
As she tried to sit up, using her elbow for support, Colin quickly assisted, helping her lean comfortably against the headboard before handing her a glass of water.
After a few sips, the fog of grogginess began to clear from Flossie’s mind, and her gaze shifted to Edmund standing by the bed.
Her brow furrowed as she questioned his presence.
“What are you doing here?”
Edmund’s face was a mixture of relief at seeing her awake and guilt for her condition.
“I’ve failed to keep you safe.
If I have given you a reason to be afraid, then I am sorry.
.
”
Before he could delve further into the painful events of the previous day, Flossie cut him off sharply, saying, “No need to say anything more.
Now, I just want to look forward.
I don’t want to hear about the people and things from the past anymore.
”
Her tone was firm, signaling her desire to move beyond the pain.
Edmund bit back the rest of his apology, respecting her wishes.
He switched gears, bringing up another matter that had been weighing on his mind.
“I came to see you today because I have something to ask you.
I’m going back to Dorburn in a few days.
Would you like to go with me?”
Flossie looked at Edmund in shock.
Colin’s demeanor shifted subtly, and he nervously questioned, “Why such a sudden decision?”
Surprisingly, Colin’s response was more pronounced than Flossie’s.
Edmund regarded him with suspicion, furrowing his brow but choosing to remain silent.
Colin had an epiphany, realizing the extent of his reaction.
Seeking to explain himself, he elaborated, “Consider that Flossie has been rooted in Seamarsh, both personally and professionally.
Transitioning to Dorburn means starting everything from scratch.
Isn’t that a hasty decision?”
Flossie directed her inquiry to Edmund, questioning, “What’s prompting your return to Dorburn? Is something wrong?”
Edmund responded with nonchalance, explaining, “There are issues with my business in Dorburn that require my attention, Additionally, my career’s main focus lies there…”
He paused momentarily, reflecting that he initially arrived in Seamarsh to expand his business, hence his agreement to cooperate with Benny.
However, the outcome was unexpected; not only did the collaboration with Benny fall through, but it also left behind a significant mess for him to sort out.
###chapter1785
Noting Flossie’s hesitation, Edmund offered reassurance by patting her shoulder and advising, “Take your time responding.
I still have work to wrap up in Seamarsh anyway.
Use this time to contemplate your decision thoughtfully.
”
Flossie nodded in acknowledgment.
Checking his watch, Edmund suggested, “Why don’t you come home with me for some rest? It’s not ideal to stay at someone else’s place.
”
Colin considered ing but refrained, realizing it wasn’t his place to do so.
He glanced at Flossie instead.
After a brief pause, Flossie declined, “I’m still receiving treatment.
It’s best for me to remain here for now.
”
She longed for a peaceful rest.
The sight of Edmund inevitably triggered memories of Benny within her.
Colin let out a sigh of relief, his face softening into a faint smile.
Concerned about Flossie’s fatigue, Edmund opted not to press her.
He advised, “Take your time to consider coming with me.
If you decide, feel free to reach out.
I’ll handle all arrangements.
”
“Alright,” Flossie responded in agreement.
Edmund didn’t linger for long.
Colin returned to the room after seeing Edmund off.
Flossie opted not to return to sleep.
Instead, she remained seated on the bed, clutching a partially consumed glass of water.
Her countenance was somber, her gaze directed downward.
Having lingered outside the door, Colin eventually entered the room.
“Are you considering leaving with your father?” he inquired.
Flossie grasped the implication, yet she struggled to formulate a response.
Shifting the conversation, she expressed gratitude.
“I apologize for the inconvenience due to my illness.
Your assistance has been invaluable.
I promise to treat you to dinner once I’m fully recovered.
”
A furrow appeared on Colin’s brow.
He found her formality uncomfortable.
Colin, mindful of Flossie’s recent experiences, worried that she might be more guarded.
He believed that clarity was crucial for any opportunity between them.
Upon reflection, he earnestly expressed, “Being with you brings me immense joy.
I earnestly ask for an opportunity to care for you.
”
Flossie was taken aback, her mouth slightly agape, as Colin unexpectedly requested an opportunity from her in that moment.
She avoided his intense gaze and quipped playfully, “Are you implying that you want me to fall ill frequently?”
He observed her avoiding eye contact and felt a twinge of disappointment, yet he was determined to clarify his intentions.
“You know I didn’t mean it like that…”
Flossie chose not to engage further.
She closed her eyes wearily, stating, “Colin, I’m exhausted.
I need to rest.
”
Feeling a bitter pang in his heart, he spoke in a raspy voice.
“I’ll step out for now.
Rest well.
”
###chapter1786
Her taciturn response was unmistakable.
He feared her disapproval, despite his deep affection for her, leading him to repress his emotions.
Flossie nodded.
As soon as the door closed softly, she gradually reopened her eyes.
She gazed at the bracelet Colin had given her, contemplating it for a while.
Eventually, she
carefully removed it from her wrist.
The chaos settled with Benny’s death.
In the evening as the sun dipped below the horizon, Matthew, Stella, Miley, and Neville gathered at a cozy diner for a shared meal.
During dinner, Miley let out a heavy sigh, turning to Matthew with mixed emotions.
“Stella went through so much while you were out.
She was there for you, for your grandparents, and kept the company going.
It broke my heart to see her carry all that weight.
”
Stella blushed at Miley’s words, her smile modest yet bright.
She gently stopped Miley’s praise.
“Matthew’s my husband.
It’s just what you do for the person you love.
”
Miley glanced at Stella, understanding in her eyes.
“I knew you’d say that.
You’re always putting him first.
If Matthew doesn’t realize how lucky he is, he’s in for a wake-up call.
”
Stella smiled gratefully.
“Neville, Miley, you’ve been a huge help.
We couldn’t have managed without you.
Thank you.
”
Stella and Matthew exchanged a knowing look, their gratitude evident.
Neville, casual as ever, waved his hand.
“Hey, we’re friends.
Happy to lend a hand.
Miley’s right, though.
Stella’s the real hero here.
Thankfully, the problem has been solved now, and we can finally take a breather.
”
Stella let out a sigh of relief, her shoulders relaxing.
Matthew silently acknowledged Stella’s unwavering support, realizing the depth of her commitment during his time of need.
He pulled Stella closer to him by the waist.
“I’ll always be there for her, making sure she’s happy.
”
Stella blushed at the public display of affection, feeling a bit awkward.
She wanted to pull away, but Matthew held on tighter.
Miley couldn’t help but giggle, covering her mouth with her hand.
Stella shot her a shy glare.
Laughter filled the private room; they were unaware of the woman outside, her face clouded with envy.
As Elizabeth walked past, she couldn’t help overhearing Matthew’s heartfelt words.
She felt a surge of jealousy and resentment.
Though she couldn’t see inside, Elizabeth could imagine Stella’s smug expression.
Her fists clenched, nails biting into her palms.
Who did Stella think she was? Why did she always get everything?
Both Matthew and Bella were fond of Stella.
###chapter1787
It all seemed so unfair to Elizabeth.
She silently vowed to tarnish Stella’s reputation and win over Matthew.
She refused to let Stella revel in her good fortune.
Elizabeth returned to her table, her thoughts still consumed by what she had heard, her expression somber.
Bella and Andrew chatted amiably, but Bella couldn’t help but notice Elizabeth’s change in demeanor after her brief absence.
Confused, she asked, “What’s the problem? You seem off.
”
Lost in her thoughts, Elizabeth didn’t initially catch Bella’s question.
It took Andrew’s gentle prompt to bring her back to reality, her confusion apparent.
Bella persisted.
“What’s wrong? You seem distracted.
”
Elizabeth shook her head, taking a moment to gather her thoughts.
Seizing the opportunity, she turned to Bella.
“Mom, can I help with your project alongside Stella? I want to lend a hand.
”
She couldn’t afford to delay any longer.
Bella and Stella were growing closer by the day.
Bella furrowed her brow, puzzled.
“But you’re not into design, are you?”
Sensing Bella’s suspicion, Elizabeth smiled reassuringly.
“No, not really.
But considering your health, I hate seeing you overworked.
Plus, you’ve taught me before.
I want to do my part and ease your load.
I don’t want you to stress too much.
”
Bella hesitated, pondering Elizabeth’s suggestion carefully.
Undeterred, Elizabeth persisted.
“Stella’s been in charge of the project.
She’s solid, and I’m sure she’s got it under control.
I’ll just help you get in touch with her.
That’s all.
”
Bella didn’t immediately agree, opting for a cautious response instead.
“Stella’s the one in charge right now.
I’ll need to check with her first.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Elizabeth found Bella’s response a bit unsatisfactory.
But she managed to mask her disappointment with a forced smile, reluctantly accepting it.
She understood Bella’s lingering worries from past events.
Insisting on this might only make her disagree.
“By the way, do we really need to rush Stella into the successor role?” Elizabeth suggested further, “Let her wrap up this project first, make a name for herself in Dorburn.
Then we can announce it publicly.
It’ll show she’s the real deal and earn her some respect.
”
Bella considered Elizabeth’s proposal thoughtfully.
Elizabeth continued, her tone calculated, “Stella has mostly developed her career in Seamarsh.
Despite your support, some might question her credentials.
They might think she’s only your student because of Matthew.
It might be best to hold off a bit longer.
”
Finding Elizabeth’s reasoning sound, Bella commended her insight, agreeing.
“You make a good point.
That’s a sensible approach.
”
“That’ll work for us all,” Elizabeth replied with a hint of insincerity, simmering with resentment toward Stella.
At ten o’clock, Stella and Matthew said their goodbyes to Miley and Neville, and then left the restaurant.
When they arrived home, Stella could perceive a strong fragrance of roses in the air just as she opened the gate slightly.
At that moment, she suddenly realized what was going on and instinctively gazed at Matthew.
As she locked eyes with his affectionate eyes, her heart skipped a beat.
Pursing her Lips, she placed her hand on the gate and slowly pushed it open as Matthew watched her.
When she switched on the light, a rose petal path was revealed, which extended from the gate to the living room.
###chapter1788
The bright colors around them caused her to feel dizzy for a moment.
The whole place had been so beautifully decorated, it looked exactly like a fairyland.
As she entered the Living room, Stella couldn’t help but gasp as she took in the beautiful scene in front and around her.
Choking, she said softly, “It’s so mesmerizing.
When did you have the time to do all of this?”
Smiling, Matthew wrapped his arms around her from behind and asked, “So, you like it, right?”
Glancing at the roses that were in every single corner of the room, Stella could feel her heartbeat increase as she got more excited.
Blushing deeply, she replied, “Of course, I love it so much!”
With his eyes filled with love, Matthew let out a soft laugh, rested his chin on Stella’s shoulder, and said, “I’m so happy that you love it.
It’s a token of my appreciation to you for taking care of me during this time.
”
Since he woke up from his coma, he had always wanted to show Stella just how appreciative he was of her support, but he couldn’t find a way to achieve this.
It wasn’t until he spoke to Neville that he was able to arrange this.
Matthew slowly turned Stella around, placed his palms on her cheeks, and said, “I swear to you with everything that I hold dear, I won’t let you undergo such worry about me ever again.
”
Overwhelmed with emotions, Stella couldn’t help but wrap her arms around him and hug him tightly.
As she felt his heartbeat, she murmured a prayer of thanks and hugged him even more tightly, afraid that he would vanish at any moment and she would discover that she had been dreaming.
“Every second that you were in your coma, I was scared to hell that you wouldn’t wake up.
I… I feared almost every time that you were going to die.
I was ready to kill myself and follow you,” Stella whispered.
Hearing this, Matthew frowned and said firmly, “No, don’t ever think of that again! Regardless of what happens in the future, do all you can to see to it that you live a good and happy life.
You deserve to have all the good things in this life and live for long.
”
The moment he finished speaking, Stella looked up at him and her eyes suddenly became filled to the brim with tears.
Matthew used a finger to wipe off her tears, planted a ki*s on her forehead, and then placed his forehead against hers, saying, “You know, while I was in the coma, doing all I could to stay alive, there was always a soothing voice urging me to wake up.
”
Stella pursed her lips when she heard this and looked up into Matthew’s deep eyes.
“I love you to the moon and back, Stella.
I’d never do anything to make you sad,” Matthew said softly, his voice beautiful and mesmerizing.
As their heads were very close to each other, Stella couldn’t help but feel a little intoxicated by his warm breath.
She locked eyes with him, swallowing hard as her heartbeat jumped through the roof.
Lowering her head shyly, she said teasingly, “Well then, if you happen to endanger yourself in the future, I will do my best to find a man who is way richer and more powerful than you, make him fall in love with me, and marry him.
”
Though she was joking, Matthew couldn’t help but feel depressed at the thought of Stella marrying another man.
He quickly hugged Stella tightly as his eyes became filled with somber emotion.
Gritting his teeth, he said assertively, “That’s never going to happen! The only man whose wife you will ever be is me! No matter what it takes, I will stay by your side forever!”
Stella wasn’t sure if it was the room’s romantic atmosphere or the roses’ fragrance that made her heart race so wildly, threatening to burst from her chest.
She voiced a mild complaint.
“You are too domineering.
”
Matthew’s smile widened.
“And there’s something even more overbearing.
Don’t you like it?”
A blush crept over Stella’s cheeks, leaving her speechless.
###chapter1789
“Feeling shy now? What if I want to hear you declare your love for me?”
Stella, ever so reserved, found it even harder to respond to his probing.
Matthew’s gaze remained intently on her.
Under his unyielding stare, Stella’s face turned a deeper shade of red.
Just as she was about to utter those three words, Matthew swiftly pulled her into his arms.
His lips claimed hers in a lingering ki*s that caught her off guard.
At first gentle, the ki*s intensified, growing fervent and assertive.
Breathless after the ki*s, Stella caught her breath.
Matthew tenderly grasped her chin.
“Since you won’t say it, I will.
”
She rarely saw this side of Matthew and was mesmerized, unable to look away.
Wrapping his arms around her waist, he nestled his head on her shoulder and continued, “Make sure you remember this.
I love you, always remember that.
”
He smiled slightly, his eyes brimming with unmistakable love.
Stella pursed her lips, overwhelmed with emotion.
After a fleeting glance into his eyes, she quickly looked away.
“You were the first to say ‘I love you’ to me,” she murmured.
“I’ll never forget that.
I love you, too.
”
Matthew’s heart raced upon hearing her words, his eyes alight with fervor.
He gazed intently at Stella, and then captured her lips in a commanding ki*s.
He ki*sed her passionately, one hand cradling her head, the other drawing her close, as if trying to become one with her.
Stella’s senses blurred, and she surrendered to the intensity of the ki*s.
Matthew swept her up in his arms and carried her upstairs to the bedroom.
The room, filled with flowers, carried a heavy scent that seemed to envelop her in a floral sea.
As passion took over, Matthew pressed close to her on the bed.
Stella had longed for this moment, and her body eagerly responded to his advances.
Matthew’s gaze, deep and yearning, softened as he gently tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear, his eyes revealing his raw desire.
He gently parted Stella’s lips for another deep ki*s.
As she closed her eyes, lost in the moment, she felt his arm tighten around her waist.
Concern flickering through her mind, Stella asked, “Does your wound hurt?”
Matthew uttered in a raspy whisper, “I’m fine.
”
“Then, please be careful.
”
Matthew nodded.
Gently, he parted her legs and entered her slowly, filling her completely.
###chapter1790
Stella let out a soft groan as Matthew gazed into her eyes, his passion muffling her moans.
Their noses brushed gently during his forceful movements.
Their body heat escalated, and their breathing grew rapid.
They both experienced intense pleasure, their bodies overwhelmed with desire.
Unable to contain herself, Stella moaned and in a sudden impulse, bit down on Matthew’s neck.
Despite the pain, Matthew did not pull away.
Once she released her bite, his next thrust was more intense, as if to overwhelm her completely.
Stella moaned again, her cheeks flushing with the rush of sensation.
Matthew maintained his rhythm, his eyes blazing with desire.
Stella’s arms encircled Matthew’s shoulders tightly, her legs instinctively wrapping around his waist to draw him closer.
Matthew responded with a hug, his ki*ses trailing down her neck to linger on her soft b@@bs.
Stella couldn’t suppress a moan and attempted to push his head away.
“No, don’t… it’s tickling.
”
Her faint whispers nearly ignited his ardor.
He quickened his pace, releasing the pent-up desire that had built up over time.
At the height of their passion, Stella cried out Matthew’s name.
Afterward, the only sounds in the room were their labored breaths.
Completely spent, Stella lay there, drained of energy.
Matthew then helped her to the bathroom for a shower before carrying her back to the room.
Gradually regaining her strength, Stella suddenly remembered something and turned to Matthew.
“Oh, your wound!”
She quickly checked his bandage and noticed it was soaked.
As she started to change it, Matthew stopped her.
“It’s okay.
I’ll take care of it later.
Just sit down for now.
”
With that, he retrieved a velvet ring box from the drawer and approached Stella.
Her heart raced again as she watched him absentmindedly.
###chapter1791
Matthew dropped to one knee and opened the box.
“Stella, will you marry me?”
Stella’s eyes grew moist, and her nose quivered as she was moved deeply.
Memories of her time with Matthew, both sweet and bitter, flooded her mind.
Taking a deep breath, Stella inquired, “We’re already married.
Why this, all of a sudden?”
Matthew gazed at her with a gentle and indulgent expression, explaining, “Organizing another wedding will take some time, but there’s something I need to do first.
You see, I never proposed to you, so I want to make that right now.
”
Stella sniffled and complained, “Every other man promises to love their wife forever when they propose.
How can you see this as just making things right?”
With a smile, Matthew pulled Stella into his embrace, cradling the back of her head, and declared, “I might not have said those words before, but I’ll spend my whole life proving my love for you.
”
As he spoke, his eyes softened.
“If it pleases you, I’ll whisper those sweet nothings too.
”
Feeling a surge of warmth from Matthew’s heartfelt words, Stella felt comforted.
Shaking her head, she responded, “No, I’ve never questioned your love.
I’m ready to marry you.
”
She wrapped her arms tightly around his waist, nestled her head against his chest, and with her eyes gently closed, she murmured, “You’re the epitome of perfection.
To turn you down would be the height of folly.
”
Having resolved to face any challenges by Matthew’s side, she was determined to proceed.
With a gentle caress of her hair and a tender smile gracing his lips, Matthew whispered, “My dear, you are indeed the wisest woman alive.
”
He carefully retrieved the diamond ring, took Stella’s hand with reverence, and delicately slid the ring onto her finger before bending down to ki*s her hand softly.
Clasping her hands in his, Matthew beamed and announced, “Once we wrap up our projects, we’ll organize a splendid wedding.
Then, we’ll be officially married, and no one will be able to tear us apart.
”
Tears welled up in Stella’s eyes as she nodded in agreement, barely whispering, “Okay.
”
As she admired the diamond ring sparkling on her finger, Stella’s thoughts drifted back to the previous wedding attempt.
Had it not been for that incident, she would have been wearing this ring much sooner.
But as long as Matthew remained unharmed, she felt profoundly content.
Matthew’s miraculous survival was nothing short of divine intervention.
Upon hearing from the doctor that the bullet had nearly struck Matthew’s heart, Stella’s world turned void and she was engulfed by despair.
In those moments, she feared she might lose him forever.
Now, standing before her, Matthew was the picture of health, even proposing to her.
As she was overwhelmed by these thoughts, tears streamed down Stella’s cheeks.
Matthew, noticing her tears, gently dabbed them away with a handkerchief.
“What’s wrong? Aren’t you happy?”
###chapter1792
Stella, not wanting to dredge up past horrors, shook her head and smiled through her tears.
“No, it’s just that everything feels so perfect now.
I’m truly happy.
”
He tenderly ki*sed her forehead, his voice a soothing balm.
“Well, you’d better start getting used to it.
Our days ahead will be filled with even more happiness.
”
His comforting presence reassured her, and she nodded, her voice hopeful.
“If only I could find my biological mother, our wedding would be complete.
”
Grasping her hand with conviction, Matthew assured her, “We will find her, don’t worry.
We’ll make everything perfect.
”
The next morning, while Stella and Matthew were having breakfast, Stella’s phone rang.
It was Bella.
As she answered, her smile faded, and her expression hardened.
Matthew, unaware of the conversation’s details, noticed the change in her demeanor.
After Stella ended the call, he asked with concern, “What’s wrong?”
Stella set her phone aside and explained, “Bella said she’s not feeling well and won’t be able to make it to Prosperity Group today.
”
Noticing Stella’s concerned frown, Matthew thought she was worried about Bella.
He suggested, “Are you worried about her? We could visit her now if it would help.
”
Stella shook her head.
“No, it’s not that.
Bella mentioned that Elizabeth will be going to Prosperity Group in her place.
”
Stella had never been comfortable around Elizabeth, and the prospect of having to work closely with her was unsettling.
Matthew was also surprised by Bella’s decision but tried to reassure Stella, “Bella must have good reasons for her choice.
Don’t worry.
Elizabeth can’t harm you at Prosperity Group.
Just relax.
”
Though still troubled, Stella knew she had no say in the matter since it was Bella’s decision.
“I just hope Elizabeth doesn’t cause any trouble.
” Stella sighed with a sense of resignation.
After breakfast, they drove to the company.
As soon as they stepped out of the car, they encountered Elizabeth.
“Good morning, Mr.
Clark.
What a coincidence!” Elizabeth greeted Matthew with excessive warmth, a stark contrast to her usual attitude when talking to Stella.
Casting a casual glance at Stella as if she had only just noticed her, Elizabeth said dismissively, “Oh, nice to see you here, Stella.
”
Elizabeth’s gaze dropped, and she was visibly stunned upon noticing the ring on Stella’s finger.
She recalled that Stella hadn’t been wearing a ring the last time they met, but now there was a beautifully designed diamond ring adorning her hand.
Jealousy surged within Elizabeth as she bit her lip, unable to look away from the sparkling diamond.
She found herself daydreaming that one day Matthew might slip a similar ring onto her finger.
Snapping back to reality, Elizabeth forced herself to divert her gaze.
###chapter1793
Hearing Elizabeth’s overly warm greeting, Matthew remained unresponsive, while Stella replied politely, “Me too.
”
Matthew and Stella stood closely, their bond seemingly unbreakable, causing Elizabeth to clench her teeth in frustration.
Trying to regain her composure, Elizabeth spoke to Matthew with a boastful tone.
“By the way, from today, I’ll be taking over my mother’s role alongside Stella.
I’ve been with my mother for many years.
You know her passion for design, and I’ve developed my own insights.
I believe I can help Prosperity Group significantly expand the market in Dorburn.
”
She continued praising herself and flaunting her qualifications.
Matthew, however, kept his expression neutral and responded coolly, “Thank you.
”
His detachment made it seem as though he was speaking to a stranger.
This was not the reaction Elizabeth had hoped for.
She had flaunted her accomplishments hoping for praise from Matthew, seeking his attention.
Yet, Matthew seemed indifferent, even impatient, showing no interest in her efforts.
Elizabeth attempted to say more, but Matthew had already entered the private elevator with Stella.
Feeling ignored, Elizabeth’s frustration mounted.
Encounters with Matthew were rare, and she didn’t want to waste this opportunity.
She hurried after them, intending to join them in the elevator, but she was abruptly halted.
Matthew, with a cold, indifferent expression, gestured toward another elevator and said, “That one is for staff.
”
He then closed the elevator doors, seemingly oblivious to Elizabeth’s visible embarrassment.
It felt like a direct snub, and Elizabeth struggled to contain her indignation.
Then, she overheard a conversation that only fueled her anger.
“Did you see the diamond ring Mr.
Clark bought for his wife? It’s so big and bright.
Must be over three carats.
”
“Yes, I recognize that brand.
It’s from a niche designer abroad whose creations are always pricey.
Plus, that designer is known to be quite selective.
Not just any wealthy buyer can purchase those rings.
I’ve never seen that style before, so it must be a custom design.
”
“With such a large diamond from that exclusive designer, the ring must be worth at least ten million!”
Elizabeth’s fury deepened with every word.
Why did Matthew Love Stella so much?
In that moment, Elizabeth’s resolve to remove Stella grew stronger.
She believed that once Stella was out of the picture, Matthew would finally notice her.
###chapter1794
In the elevator, Stella expressed her concerns with a slight sigh.
“You humiliated Elizabeth like that.
She must be furious.
”
Matthew shrugged off the concern casually.
“I’m only worried about you.
Other people’s opinions don’t matter to me.
”
Stella still pictured the sullen expression on Elizabeth’s face, which lingered in her mind.
Grasping her hand, Matthew reassured her, “Ignore her.
I’ve brought you here for a special reason, a surprise I’ve prepared for you.
”
As he finished speaking, the elevator came to a halt, and he led her out with a hint of mystery.
“What kind of surprise?” Stella asked, her tone cautious as she reminded him, “Remember, we’re at the company now.
We should keep our personal matters discreet and not mix them
with business.
”
“It’s business-related,” Matthew replied Lightly.
“What is it?” Stella probed, her curiosity piqued.
Matthew only smiled, keeping the details to himself.
“You’ll see soon enough,” he assured her as they reached an office door.
“Go ahead, take a look inside.
”
Stella, puzzled, opened the door and stepped into the office.
It was spacious, brightly lit, and freshly arranged, obviously requiring significant effort.
“I set up this office just for you.
It’s right below mine.
Do you like it?” Matthew inquired with a hopeful look.
Stella nodded absently, initially overwhelmed, “Yes,” she murmured.
However, her practicality quickly resurfaced, and she voiced a concern.
“But isn’t it too extravagant to set up a whole new office for me? I’m only temporarily managing the Dorburn clothing project.
Once it ends, I’ll be leaving Prosperity Group.
This office will just be left empty.
”
Matthew gently patted her head, dismissing her worries with a soft chuckle.
“No effort is too great for you.
It’s not a waste.
”
Stella was moved as she surveyed the office.
Its design was simple yet exuded a warm and welcoming aura, rivaling even Matthew’s CEO office.
The small sofa that she adored and the curtains in her favorite color spoke volumes of Matthew’s attentiveness.
She embraced him gently, mindful of his injuries, and held him close.
Looking up into his eyes, she expressed her gratitude.
“I love this office.
Thank you.
”
Matthew responded with a ki*s, eliciting a blush from Stella as she remembered they were in a professional setting.
Observing her bashfulness, Matthew teased, “Show me some real gratitude, if you mean it?”
Her heart racing, Stella pecked Matthew on the cheek and questioned playfully, “Is that enough?”
###chapter1795
His eyes twinkling, Matthew laughed.
“Not even close.
”
Stella, half-amused and half-serious, cautioned him, “Don’t overstep.
”
“It’s merely a ki*s.
How can it be too much?” Matthew quipped, his eyebrows arching playfully.
They had grown close, making it hard for him to pull away despite Stella’s insistent nudges.
Finally, he left the room reluctantly.
No sooner had Matthew left than Elizabeth entered the office, her demeanor stormy after having inquired around to locate this new workplace.
Her anger palpable, she made no effort to hide her feelings.
Upon seeing that Matthew wasn’t there, Elizabeth dropped all pretense of civility, strode past Stella without acknowledgment, and took a seat in the office chair with an air of authority.
Stella watched her, face void of emotion, as tension filled the room.
Elizabeth made no effort to hide her condescension, stating bluntly, “You should be aware that I’ll be taking over my mother’s responsibilities in your project from today.
”
Stella chose not to respond, which only spurred Elizabeth to press further.
“From this point forward, treat my words as if they were my mother’s orders.
You’ll need to consult me before making any decisions, understood?”
“Yes, I understand,” Stella replied dismissively, eager to avoid any confrontation.
With a note of firmness, Stella then said, “If there’s nothing else of importance, I need to get back to work.
Would you mind leaving my office, Miss Wallace?”
Elizabeth’s attempt to provoke Stella fell flat, eliciting none of the expected irritation or defensiveness.
The lack of reaction left Elizabeth feeling impotent and increasingly infuriated.
Unable to contain her growing rage, Elizabeth stood abruptly, her voice dripping with scorn.
“Don’t be mistaken in thinking you can just take over my mother’s studio by ingratiating yourself with her.
I’m her daughter.
You may have curried favor with her temporarily, but you remain an outsider.
Keep your manipulative tactics to yourself and stay away from my mother,” she snapped, her bitterness unmistakable.
After Elizabeth departed, Stella remained seated, staring blankly, her composure shaken.
Despite her efforts to appear unfazed, Elizabeth’s words had deeply hurt her.
Stella longed for the kind of maternal support that Elizabeth received from Bella, a safety net that would shield her even if she erred.
Growing up without maternal protection, Stella doubted she’d ever experience that kind of relationship.
Despite her initial despondency, she soon rallied her spirits, reminding herself of the immediate tasks at hand, particularly finalizing this project and verifying Bella’s potential link to her as her biological mother.
If Bella wasn’t her mother, she would abandon that trail and search elsewhere for answers.
Elizabeth didn’t return, leaving Stella relieved to be left to her own devices.
As the workday neared its end, Stella stepped out to visit the restroom.
Exiting the restroom, she encountered Emery.
Stella tried to pass without interaction, but Emery stopped her.
Turning to face her, Stella waited for Emery to speak.
After a pause, Emery mentioned, “The woman you spoke with earlier on the first floor seems quite familiar with the staff in the clothing department.
They seemed to enjoy their interaction.
”
###chapter1796
Stella knew Emery referred to Elizabeth and didn’t dwell on the comment.
She was unfamiliar with Emery and couldn’t figure out her intentions.
Nonetheless, she acknowledged her thoughtfulness, responding, “I see.
Thanks for letting me know.
”
About to walk away, Stella was halted by Emery’s voice once more, cautioning, “You’d better be careful.
”
Puzzled, Stella turned back, meeting Emery’s inscrutable gaze.
“What do you mean by that?”
Emery, leaving without a response, merely waved her hand and departed.
Her cryptic comment lingered in Stella’s mind, puzzling her even as she joined Matthew in the car.
Matthew, noticing her preoccupied look, gently inquired at a red light, “What’s on your mind? Is it work-related?”
Stella, snapping out of her reverie, relayed Emery’s warning to him.
“Emery and I barely know each other, yet she warned me to be cautious around Elizabeth.
What could she mean by that? Elizabeth only arrived at the company today, and nothing significant has occurred yet.
”
Her discomfort was evident.
The conclusion of their project loomed, and Stella hoped for no complications.
Matthew pondered her concerns briefly.
As the traffic light turned green and he resumed driving, he reassured her, “Focus entirely on the project and leave the minor distractions behind.
I’ll pay more attention to anything related to the clothing department.
”
Comforted by his words, Stella relaxed and then brought up another topic.
“What about Emery? She used to work for Benny, and though I’ve considered letting her go, she hasn’t done anything to warrant dismissal.
”
Matthew responded, devoid of emotion, “Emery has considerable knowledge of the Dorburn market.
She’s capable enough to be the market manager right now.
As long as she remains loyal to the company, there’s no need to dismiss her.
”
Their conversation continued as they approached Bella’s place.
When the doorbell chimed, Bella swung the door open.
Her eyes widened in surprise at the sight of Stella.
“Stella, what brings you here?”
Bella ushered Stella and Matthew inside.
Stella placed a set of health supplements on the table and settled in next to Bella.
Her face etched with worry, she said, “You mentioned you weren’t feeling well.
We were concerned and came right over after work.
”
Bella’s lips curved into a reassuring smile.
“It’s nothing major, just an old issue acting up.
I’ve been getting headaches and remembering some weird things lately…”
She waved her hand dismissively.
“Probably just need more rest or maybe it’s the new environment.
Don’t worry about it.
”
Stella’s eyes sparkled with sudden recognition.
Bella’s symptoms sounded all too familiar.
Maintaining her composure, Stella said, “I used to recall bizarre images too.
My doctor said it was due to memory loss from my car accident.
”
With a hopeful look, she asked, “Did you go through something similar?”
Bella nodded in affirmation.
“Yes, I had a car accident a while back.
”
Stella’s excitement bubbled over, and she squeezed Matthew’s hand in anticipation.
###chapter1797
Stella leaned in, her tone laced with concern.
“You recall when the accident happened?”
Unaware of Stella’s hopeful eyes on her, Bella responded, “It was not a serious accident.
Everyone was okay, and I recovered quickly.
”
A hint of disappointment shadowed Stella’s expression.
“Oh…”
She sighed inwardly, her optimism fading fast.
However, Stella resolved to press on.
A paternity test was the most effective way to find out if Bella was her mother.
After a momentary pause, Stella shot a glance at Bella and burst out, “Psst, you’ve got something in your hair.
”
Bella reflexively lifted her hand to her hair at Stella’s words.
“Here, let me fix it for you,” Stella chimed in enthusiastically.
Bella nodded, leaning closer to Stella without hesitation.
Stella’s hand paused midair, ready to grasp Bella’s hair, when Elizabeth burst into the room unannounced.
“Stella, what brings you here?” Elizabeth’s voice rang out, her eyes narrowing suspiciously at the scene before her.
Swiftly, she darted over to Bella, positioning herself between them with a protective stance.
Bella shot Elizabeth a disapproving look, her frown deepening at the interruption.
“Could you please stop with the rudeness?” she said firmly.
“Stella and Mr.
Clark are here because they’re aware I’m under the weather.
”
Elizabeth murmured, “I seriously doubt her kindness.
She’s probably here to air some grievances about me.
”
Bella’s gaze silenced Elizabeth instantly.
With Elizabeth’s sudden intrusion, Stella reluctantly abandoned her plan.
Stella understood that even as Bella bristled at Elizabeth’s attitude, she would still side with her daughter.
A fleeting bitterness crossed Stella’s face, swiftly replaced by a forced smile.
“Your health is what matters most, Bella.
If you need anything, just say the word.
Matthew can easily arrange for a doctor to swing by and check on you.
”
Elizabeth’s face darkened at the mention of a doctor.
She asked frostily, “What’s your point? My mom’s perfectly okay and doesn’t need a doctor! Furthermore, our family doctor is practically a legend in Dorburn.
Are you genuinely questioning his medical prowess?”
Stella furrowed her brow, puzzled by Elizabeth’s sudden defensiveness.
Why was she so worked up?
###chapter1798
Interrupting Elizabeth’s rising frustration, Bella intervened with a sigh.
“Shut up.
Stella’s just trying to be helpful.
”
Elizabeth’s response was dismissive as she snorted, “Who knows what her intention is?”
Bella felt torn, unsure how to handle her daughter’s outburst.
With a guilty glance at Stella, she said softly, “We’ve spoiled Elizabeth.
Please don’t be upset with her.
You really don’t have to call a doctor for me.
I’m well acquainted with my body system.
It’s nothing serious, honestly.
Thanks, Stella.
And thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
Deciding not to pursue the matter further, Stella put aside her suspicions of Elizabeth and shifted the conversation toward design instead.
Elizabeth wore a frown while they continued to talk.
After a while, seizing an opportunity, she said, “Mom, it’s bedtime.
”
Noticing the late hour, Stella bid Bella farewell and took her leave.
Elizabeth assisted Bella to her room for some rest.
As she did, her gaze fell on some documents on the table.
Curiously, she inquired, “What’s this?”
Bella glanced at the papers and replied, “Stella just brought these over.
”
A look of satisfaction crossed Bella’s face.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve encountered someone as talented and hardworking.
I believe she can really help Prosperity Group make inroads into the Dorburn market with these designs.
”
Her tone was filled with admiration for Stella, which did not sit well with Elizabeth.
This wasn’t the first time Bella had spoken so highly of Stella.
Having lived with Bella since childhood, Elizabeth had never received such praise herself.
The thought that Bella might find out Stella was also her daughter and place more and more importance on her-to the point where Elizabeth might be overshadowed—filled her with dread.
Elizabeth masked her resentment, cautioning, “Let’s not jump to conclusions.
Being capable doesn’t necessarily mean one has good character.
”
Just then, Bella’s phone rang.
It was Margery Sanchez.
Bella, distracted, didn’t catch the flicker of resentment in Elizabeth’s eyes.
Elizabeth saw the caller ID, but Bella had already moved away to answer the call.
Elizabeth strained to overhear the conversation, catching snippets about “evening dress” and “Stella.
” However, she couldn’t make out the details.
After Bella ended the call, she immediately asked, “What did Margery want at this hour?”
Margery was a client who had placed a deposit for one of Stella’s designs.
Bella explained, “She needs to attend a banquet earlier than planned and wants her evening dress by this week.
I’ll ask Stella to expedite it.
”
Elizabeth, quick to devise a plan, raised her hand to interject, “It’s too late now.
Everyone at Prosperity Group has already left for the day.
Even if you contact Stella, nothing can be started until tomorrow.
I’ll make sure to speak to her in person at the office.
”
Bella paused to consider Elizabeth’s suggestion and realized it made sense.
She said earnestly, “Our reputation is at stake.
Make sure you talk to Stella first thing when you get to Prosperity Group tomorrow.
It’s crucial.
”
“I’m not that unreliable,” Elizabeth replied dismissively, despite Bella’s emphasis on the urgency.
###chapter1799
Changing the subject, she reminded Bella, “It’s time for your medicine.
You should focus on your health instead of work all the time.
”
Bella found comfort in Elizabeth’s apparent concern.
As Elizabeth prepared to fetch the medicine, Bella sat on the edge of her bed and called out softly, watching Elizabeth’s retreating figure, “Today, Stella told me she had a car accident and lost part of her memory.
I had an accident too.
Do you think it’s possible I lost some of my memory? That could explain the odd flashbacks I’ve been having.
”
Elizabeth, visibly rattled but trying to maintain composure, reassured her, “That’s highly unlikely.
Remember, the doctor attributed those strange visions to your stressful workload.
”
“Really?” Bella murmured, still uncertain.
“Absolutely.
My father has been by your side throughout.
He would have noticed if you’d lost any memories,” Elizabeth reassured her.
Convinced by Elizabeth’s words, Bella relaxed.
Elizabeth breathed a sigh of relief, secretly glad she had intercepted in time.
She was certain Stella was up to something, but thankfully she had returned in time to prevent any potential mishaps.
Elizabeth then cautioned, “I think your headaches are just from overthinking.
If you don’t ease your mind, your symptoms might worsen.
Try to rest and not dwell on things too much.
”
With that, she dispensed two additional pills.
Elizabeth handed Bella the pills and water.
Bella observed the quantity and remarked casually, “The dose seems much higher than before.
”
“The doctor suggested increasing the dosage if your headaches get worse,” Elizabeth explained calmly.
Trusting the doctor’s advice, Bella took the medication without hesitation.
Relieved, Elizabeth took the empty glass from Bella and helped her lie down.
Seizing the moment, Elizabeth broached the subject again.
“The climate in Seamarsh might be worsening your condition.
It could be better for you to return to Dorburn where Dad and your doctor can look after you more closely.
”
Bella responded noncommittally, “I’ll consider it.
I’ll return if I start feeling worse.
”
Her reluctance to leave was palpable, though she couldn’t pinpoint why.
Elizabeth, sensing her hesitance, decided not to push further for now.
She dimmed the lights and added with concern, “I really think you should avoid seeing Stella.
It seems your health declines after each meeting.
She might not be good for you.
”
As the medication took effect, Bella’s head began to feel heavy.
“Maybe,” she murmured before drifting into sleep.
Once Bella’s breathing deepened, Elizabeth quietly exited the room.
Outside, her expression turned serious.
She pulled out her phone and dialed Kristian.
###chapter1800
He answered quickly, his tone impatient.
“What’s up?”
In the background, Elizabeth could hear faint laughter of a woman.
She knew without seeing that Kristian was likely entertaining another woman in Bella’s absence.
She was unfazed by the background noise.
Lowering her voice, Elizabeth said to Kristian, “It seems Stella is becoming suspicious.
You need to be more vigilant and act quickly.
We must work together to ensure no issues arise.
Our goal is to completely tarnish Stella’s reputation in Dorburn and erode Bella’s trust in her.
We have to drive her out.
”
After clarifying their plan, Elizabeth ended the call, but her grip on the phone remained tight, her eyes reflecting a hint of resentment.
Meanwhile, as the car pulled into Prosper Bay, Stella’s mind was elsewhere.
“What’s wrong? You’ve seemed distracted since we left Bella’s place.
”
Matthew observed, breaking her reverie.
Stella sighed and replied, “I’m curious about Elizabeth…”
She paused, and then continued, looking earnestly at Matthew, “Didn’t you notice how odd she acted? Especially when I mentioned arranging a doctor for Bella, she seemed almost frightened.
And Bella looked unwell today.
It’s concerning.
”
Matthew tried to reassure her, “It might be nothing serious.
Elizabeth probably just prefers to keep health issues private and is wary of outsiders.
Remember, Bella is her mother.
Despite Elizabeth’s faults, it’s unlikely she’d harm her.
”
Stella gave a slight nod, somewhat reassured by his words.
“You’re right.
”
Yet, Elizabeth’s reaction still nagged at her.
Seeing her continued unease, Matthew took her hand gently and suggested, “If you’re still worried, I’ll arrange for Cordell to meet Bella and assess her condition.
”
“Okay,” Stella agreed quickly, relieved at the prospect of a professional evaluation.
Relaxed and grateful, Stella wrapped her arms around Matthew’s neck and ki*sed him on the cheek.
“Thank you, darling!”
Three days later…
As they drove to the company, Stella updated Matthew on the project’s progress.
Recently, Elizabeth had been unusually busy and hadn’t interfered, allowing Stella to work more effectively.
She collaborated smoothly with the clothing department, and some garments were ready for further inspection today.
She shared all these details with Matthew.
With a serene expression, Matthew smiled and suggested, “You’ve been working so hard.
How about we take a holiday after this project wraps up?”
“Let’s talk about it later,” Stella replied, her mind elsewhere.
Noticing her downcast gaze, Matthew asked, “What’s bothering you?”
###chapter1801
Stella leaned her head on Matthew’s shoulder and murmured, “I haven’t been able to see Bella in the past few days.
I called her recently to check on her health, but she sounded distant.
”
She sighed softly.
“I had plans to get a hair sample from Bella for a paternity test or to arrange a meeting with Cordell.
Now, it feels like I might lose all contact with her once the project is over.
”
As she expressed her concerns, her brow furrowed with worry.
Matthew’s expression hardened as he recognized the complexity of the situation, especially with Elizabeth complicating matters.
He had also instructed Fernando to delve into Bella’s background in Seamarsh, but to no avail.
Matthew began to question if they were perhaps pursuing the wrong leads.
The conversation ended, and silence fell over the car.
At that moment, Stella’s phone buzzed with a new message.
It was from Flossie.
Flossie’s message was apologetic, expressing deep regret for ruining Stella’s wedding.
She didn’t expect forgiveness, only hoping Stella wouldn’t harbor too much resentment.
Furthermore, Flossie had resolved to leave Seamarsh and vowed never to cross paths with Stella again.
She
expressed her gratitude for Stella’s past assistance, regretting that she could not find a way to adequately repay her kindness.
ALL she could do was wish for Stella’s lasting happiness and success.
Stella was stunned as she read and reread the message, struggling to process Flossie’s farewell.
Noticing her shock, Matthew inquired, “Who was that?”
“It’s Flossie.
She’s leaving Seamarsh,” Stella replied, her voice tinged with disbelief.
‘s BunnyBookery
She hadn’t anticipated such a drastic decision from Flossie.
Matthew pondered for a moment before adding, “I heard that Edmund is planning to leave Seamarsh too.
Perhaps Flossie is leaving with him.
”
Stella’s gaze remained locked on her phone, still grappling with the reality of the message.
Previously, when Matthew was in jeopardy, Stella had been furious with Flossie, feeling betrayed and unwilling to ever see her again.
However, her feelings had softened when she learned of Flossie’s own losses, including the tragic loss of her child due to Benny’s actions.
Moreover, Flossie had endangered herself to help Matthew handle Benny, which had led Stella to forgive her.
They had once been close friends, and neither had wanted their relationship to deteriorate in this way.
Flossie had been unaware of the full extent of Benny’s schemes, but once she realized her error, she had attempted to rectify her mistakes.
After a moment of contemplation, Stella resolved, saying, “I want to say goodbye to her.
”
No sooner had she expressed this desire than her phone rang-it was Bella calling.
As soon as Stella answered the phone, Bella’s voice came through before Stella could even greet her.
“Is Margery’s dress ready now?”
###chapter1802
Caught off guard, Stella barely had time to respond before Bella pressed on, “Tomorrow is the deadline.
If you finish it, send it to her as soon as possible.
”
Stella, taken aback, responded in surprise, “Tomorrow? That’s very sudden, isn’t it?”
Bella’s tone carried a hint of displeasure.
“Haven’t you finished yet? Margery informed me three days ago, and I had Elizabeth relay this to you.
Didn’t you prepare?”
Stella felt bewildered; she hadn’t received any such message.
Bella’s voice grew stern.
“As a designer, you should understand how crucial punctuality is to our clients.
It impacts our brand’s reputation.
Must I really explain something so basic?”
Stella opened her mouth to defend herself, but hesitated, knowing it might be futile to argue that she hadn’t been informed.
The priority was to maintain Margey’s trust; failing to fulfill this order could jeopardize her credibility and future opportunities.
“I’ll ensure it’s done by tomorrow,” Stella assured her firmly.
After Stella ended the call, concern etched her face.
With only one day left, her promise to Bella felt daunting.
“What did Bella say on the phone?” Matthew asked, sensing her anxiety, and took her hand.
Stella recounted her conversation with Bella, her worry apparent.
“The custom dress for Margery is ready, but it still needs specific hand embroidery.
The
embroiderer, Rylie McCoy, who can do it has taken leave for three days, so we’re behind schedule.
”
Matthew frowned.
“Can’t someone else from the clothing department take over?”
Stella shook her head.
“It’s not so simple.
”
She sighed.
“Margery is particularly discerning when it comes to embroidery.
For this gown, she specified a complex technique that involves numerous styles for just a small pattern.
It’s not something that can be completed quickly.
Additionally, Rylie has a unique skill set that isn’t easily replicated.
”
Stella felt a wave of despair.
She knew the importance of handling this situation carefully.
Yet, despite considering everyone she knew, she couldn’t identify a suitable replacement.
Seeing her dejection, Matthew took a moment to think and then reassured her, “Don’t worry.
Let’s think of alternative solutions.
I’ll also speak with Fernando to see if he can recommend someone else.
”
Stella rushed to find Angel Kelly, the head of the clothing department, as soon as she arrived at the company.
After hearing Stella’s urgent request, Angel hesitated, and then said, “Finding someone to replace Rylie right away won’t be easy.
”
Stella, feeling anxious, pleaded, “This project is really pressing.
Can’t we ask her to come back soon?”
Angel shook her head sadly, explaining, “She’s gone back to her hometown for a wedding.
It’s far from Seamarsh, so even if she could return quickly, it wouldn’t be in time.
”
###chapter1803
Caught in a dilemma, Stella’s last hope rested on Fernando.
Exiting the clothing department, she passed the break room where muffled chatter hinted at gossip.
Uninterested, she hastened her steps until a familiar name, Elizabeth, caught her ear.
Elizabeth’s oversight regarding Margery’s dress had complicated Stella’s work, leaving her struggling to finish on time.
Suppressing her frustration, Stella couldn’t resist stopping.
A group of employees chatted animatedly about Elizabeth’s recent visit to the clothing department.
They whispered about how she had treated them to lunch and high tea.
One voice, dripping with scorn, remarked, “Rylie knows how to play nice with everyone, but only when it suits her.
She’s a pro at sucking up to people, but she’s also quick to forget who helped her.
Even though she’s on Prosperity Group’s payroll, she conveniently ignores what Elizabeth did to Mr.
Clark’s wife.
”
Another voice added, “Maybe she’s getting some perks.
I’ve seen the fancy bag Rylie’s been carrying around-it’s supposedly worth a whopping 300, 000 dollars.
”
“300, 000 dollars? Oh my goodness! I had no idea she was so wealthy.
Surely her salary couldn’t be that high, could it? Otherwise, wouldn’t she have flaunted it since long ago?”
A voice dripping with sarcasm cut in, “Who knows how she came into all that money?”
The group continued their discussion, oblivious to Stella’s growing discomfort.
As they debated, Stella’s expression darkened, her thoughts churning.
As soon as she heard they were about to leave, Stella slipped away, leaving before they emerged from the break room.
Back in her office, Stella sank into her chair, deep in thought.
The more she thought about the situation, the stranger it seemed.
After a while, a gentle knock broke the silence, announcing the arrival of Fernando and Doreen.
They entered together.
Doreen came carrying news from the studio.
Stella asked her to wait for a moment and turned to Fernando.
“Have you found a good embroiderer?” she asked.
Fernando handed her a folder.
“I’ve found a few candidates, but I’m not sure if they’re right.
You can check them first.
If they’re not suitable, I’ll keep looking.
”
Stella looked through the resumes inside, all impressive.
But when she looked at their work, she realized their styles and standards didn’t match hers.
She shook her head.
“These are okay, but they’re not what we need.
”
The dress’s embroidered detail was vital, the very essence of its allure.
Cutting corners was out of the question; it demanded nothing short of perfection.
Fernando nodded, understanding.
“I’ll track down the embroiderers.
”
Just as he was about to depart, Stella remembered something from her earlier eavesdropping and halted him.
“Also, check on the people Rylie’s been meeting lately.
”
A flicker of confusion crossed Fernando’s face, but he didn’t pry.
“Sure thing,” he simply replied, before exiting.
Half a day passed, leaving Stella still grappling with an unsolved problem.
She rubbed her temples, feeling a headache coming on.
Seeing Doreen nearby, Stella asked, “Is everything okay in the studio?”
###chapter1804
Doreen quickly responded, “Yes, everything’s fine.
”
Noticing Stella’s distress, Doreen tried to cheer her up.
“Actually, the studio’s profits have doubled this month.
”
She hoped this news would bring a smile to Stella’s face.
Stella felt a little better after hearing this news, her heavy heart lightening slightly.
She managed a smile, her voice gentle yet resolute.
“That’s great news.
Your hard work hasn’t gone unnoticed.
Everyone will receive a bonus this month.
”
“Thank you on behalf of the team.
” Doreen smiled gratefully.
“If there’s nothing else, feel free to head back to the studio,”
Stella said kindly.
While Fernando looked for other embroiderers, Stella planned to contact the designers she
knew to find a suitable match.
As Doreen packed up to leave, she couldn’t resist asking, “Are you looking for an embroiderer?”
Stella recalled that Doreen had studied design too.
Perhaps she had connections in that realm.
Eagerly, Stella inquired, “Do you know any embroiderer who could lend us a hand?”
Doreen offered a sheepish grin and replied, “I did incorporate some embroidery in my final project before graduation, but I’m hardly an expert.
I never really mastered it.
However, my professor is quite skilled.
”
Stella’s spirits lifted at her words.
“Could you share your professor’s contact information? We urgently need to complete a project, and Prosperity Group is prepared to offer a handsome fee for your professor’s services.
”
“It’s really not about the money…” Doreen began, hesitating.
“My professor often travels during her downtime.
I’m not sure if she’s in Seamarsh at the moment.
”
Stella’s brow furrowed with concern, yet she persisted, “Could you try reaching out to her?”
Doreen nodded, willing to assist.
She quickly sent a message to her professor.
With Stella’s guidance, she detailed the project.
Her professor responded promptly, “That shouldn’t be too difficult.
”
When Stella saw the message, her eyes sparkled like those of a drowning man spotting a lifeline.
She grasped Doreen’s hand, her voice tinged with urgency.
“Please find out where your professor is.
If she can help with this issue, I’ll head over right now.
”
Doreen nodded, quickly messaging her professor for the address.
Once she got a response, she looked up at Stella, her expression hopeful.
“She’s willing to help, but she might not be back in Seamarsh until tonight.
”
“That’s perfectly fine!” Stella’s reply came with a burst of enthusiasm.
“I can wait.
As evening drew near, Doreen received confirmation that her professor had returned.
Without delay, she escorted Stella to meet her.
###chapter1805
Introducing them, Doreen said, “Professor Perez, this is Stella Anderson, the woman I work for, founder of our studio.
”
Then, turning to Stella, she added, “And this is Alissa Perez, my professor.
”
Stella extended a polite greeting to Alissa.
The woman who stood before her was in her forties, exuding a mature charm and an elegant grace that seemed to illuminate her surroundings.
However, Stella couldn’t help but notice Alissa’s lingering gaze.
Feeling a twinge of self-consciousness, she wondered if her face was smeared with dirt and subconsciously brushed her cheek with her hand.
Observing Stella, Alissa explained, “I’m sorry, but you look incredibly familiar.
It’s so startling that I find myself unable to look away.
My apologies for staring.
”
Stella lowered her hand and offered a forgiving smile, responding lightly, “It’s no problem at all.
”
Alissa continued to gaze at Stella, curiosity piqued, and inquired, “Your last name isn’t common around Seamarsh.
Are you from here, Ms.
Anderson?”
Shaking her head, Stella replied, “No, I grew up in Bysea with my grandfather.
I moved here after I got married.
”
Alissa’s surprise was evident as she continued, “Did you just mention you had a grandfather?”
The question seemed unusual, and Stella, bewildered, nodded.
“Yes, he raised me.
”
As Stella responded, she noticed a strange look on Alissa’s face and asked, puzzled, “Is something wrong?”
Alissa quickly dismissed her concern.
“Oh, no, it’s nothing.
I might have confused you with someone else.
”
Brushing aside any lingering awkwardness, Stella got straight to the point.
“Professor Perez, I’ve come to seek your help.
I’m currently working on a project that requires embroidery.
You’ve seen the pattern earlier.
Though I’m not skilled in embroidery myself, I’m hoping you could assist me.
”
As she spoke, Stella unfolded a design draft and pointed to a specific pattern.
“The previous embroiderer said it would take two days to complete this pattern, but she had to attend to an emergency and couldn’t finish.
We need this dress completed by tomorrow.
Could you help us meet this tight deadline and ensure the work is up to standard?”
Alissa didn’t respond right away.
Stella worried she had reservations and blurted out, “We’ll do everything we can to meet your needs, whatever they are.
”
Alissa shook her head.
“I don’t need anything,” she said.
“The pattern isn’t too hard, but it’ll take at least a day.
I have classes tomorrow morning, so I can’t start until the afternoon.
”
Stella’s heart sank.
According to Bella, Margery needed the dress finished by tomorrow.
If Alissa started embroidering in the afternoon, it would definitely go past the deadline.
“Is there any way to shorten the timeframe?” Stella asked anxiously.
“Or could you recommend someone? I’m open to anything as long as they can finish it on time.
”
Alissa sighed.
“Ms.
Anderson, it’s not that I’m unwilling to help, but this is how long it takes.
I can’t change that.
I do have a talented student, but she’s currently studying abroad.
”
Stella felt a surge of disappointment.
###chapter1806
Doreen, glancing between Alissa and Stella, pleaded again.
“Professor Perez, please consider.
With so many students, there has to be someone suitable.
”
Alissa remained silent for a moment.
She picked up the pattern and examined it closely.
Then, looking at Doreen, she said, “This level of embroidery is something you can handle.
”
Surprise flickered between Stella’s and Doreen’s eyes.
Doreen waved her hand dismissively.
“No, I can’t.
This style is much more complex than my graduation design.
I wouldn’t do it justice.
”
The project was too important, and she didn’t want to mess it up or jeopardize Stella’s reputation.
“Don’t underestimate yourself,” Alissa countered, analyzing the pattern.
“It looks complicated, but only the final step requires a specific technique.
You can definitely do the rest.
”
Doreen was still hesitant.
“No, no, no.
This is a big order from Prosperity Group, and it’s very important for Stella.
My graduation design wasn’t that important.
I can’t let everyone take a risk on my behalf.
”
Alissa smiled, a hint of amusement in her eyes.
“Don’t downplay your skills.
Remember, your graduation design won a gold medal in a national competition abroad.
You were the one who meticulously sewed it together.
Why wouldn’t you be able to do the same now? Did you forget everything you learned after graduation?”
“I didn’t…” Doreen mumbled, her voice unconvinced.
“Competitions and commercial projects are different.
This is about the Prosperity Group’s reputation and Stella’s.
I can’t risk messing it up.
”
She turned to Stella, saying, “Stella, maybe we should explore other options.
”
Stella pondered for a moment, and then grasped Doreen’s hand with sincerity.
“I trust Professor Perez’s judgment.
If anything goes wrong, it’s on me.
”
Doreen hesitated again.
“But…”
Stella pleaded, saying, “Doreen, I really need your help.
Can you do this for me?”
Doreen wanted to decline, but the words wouldn’t come out.
Stella was her first boss after graduation, and she’d received a lot of support and care from her during that time.
Of course, she wanted to help Stella.
But the fear of messing up and causing more trouble was too much to bear.
Stella squeezed Doreen’s hand reassuringly.
“Even your teacher believes you can do it.
I have faith in you too.
”
Doreen, swayed by Stella’s conviction, finally nodded.
“Alright, I’ll give it my best shot.
”
In the evening of the next day, Bella still hadn’t heard from Stella.
Each passing moment deepened her frown.
Elizabeth said with a mocking grin, “I heard the embroiderer from Prosperity Group is on leave.
I doubt Stella can finish the dress.
”
She paused, and then continued, her tone dripping with fake sympathy, “I warned you that Stella isn’t reliable.
You didn’t listen.
Now she’s probably making a bad impression on Margery.
”
Bella didn’t respond, but deep down, she was a bit disappointed in Stella.
She’d always been a firm believer in Stella’s crisis-management skills.
No hurdle fazed her; Stella was the queen of finding solutions in time, no matter how tough the going got.
###chapter1807
Now it seemed she had been mistaken.
Elizabeth could read Bella like an open book.
Bella’s simmering anger was evident in the tightness of her lips and the fire in her eyes.
With her plan teetering on the edge of success, a rush of pride flooded through her veins, her chest swelling with satisfaction at the upcoming victory.
“Maybe you should inform Margery ahead of time,” she suggested, her voice smooth.
“It would be worse if we can’t deliver the dress on schedule.
”
She added, “Didn’t you design a dress recently? One that’s still available? You could offer that to Margery.
”
Bella didn’t reply.
Her head ached as thoughts about the project swirled around.
Her mind buzzed with Elizabeth’s words.
“Stella isn’t trustworthy… Of course, she went back on her words… I told you not to rely on
Stella.
There are plenty of designers who are more professional…”
Elizabeth’s criticisms echoed in her head.
The pounding in her head grew worse.
Bella sank into the sofa, exhausted.
Elizabeth felt a smug satisfaction.
Bella had ignored her warnings and chosen to work with Stella.
Noticing Bella’s increasing discomfort, Elizabeth approached her with fake concern.
“Mom, don’t let her get to you.
She’s not worth it.
”
With those words hanging in the air, she seized the chance to demean Stella yet again.
“Seriously, it’s all on Stella.
She couldn’t even wrap up the job, but she had to keep up appearances.
She’s nothing but a headache for everyone else.
She usually looks so capable, but a total letdown in the crunch.
What an absolutely worthless person!”
Just then, the doorbell rang.
Elizabeth frowned and reluctantly got up to answer it.
“Who’s there?” she called out.
She flung the door wide open and spotted Stella standing there.
Stella looked worn out, holding a dress in her hand.
Elizabeth’s expression turned sour.
This woman was seriously getting on her nerves.
With a cold glare, she demanded, “What do you want?”
Stella didn’t hesitate.
“I need to see Bella,” she stated firmly.
Annoyed, Elizabeth replied, “Mom’s not feeling well.
You can’t see her today.
Leave.
”
As she moved to close the door, Stella stopped it with her hand.
Locking gazes, Stella said, “Tell Bella the dress is done.
I’ve got to see her.
”
Hearing this, Elizabeth remained firm in her decision not to let Stella in.
###chapter1808
She pushed Stella out of the room firmly, her tone decisive.
“Mom’s not feeling great today, and she’s not in the mood to see visitors.
”
Stella stood her ground.
“Margery needs the dress early.
You didn’t inform me; I’ll hold you accountable for this later.
Now, let me see Bella.
Otherwise, it’s on you if things go south.
”
A hint of panic flashed across Elizabeth’s eyes, but then she regained her composure.
She knew Stella had no proof, and if Stella failed to deliver the dress, her reputation would be ruined.
Glancing at the dress in Stella’s hand, she gave her a strong push.
“Just leave!”
Stella wasn’t prepared for the sudden force.
Caught off guard, she stumbled backward, losing her balance and falling to the ground.
The dress slipped from her grasp.
‘s BunnyBookery
Elizabeth walked forward and looked down condescendingly at Stella and the dress on the ground.
She crossed her arms over her chest and scoffed.
“I told you back then not to do things you can’t do, and yet you kept pestering my mom just because you can draw a few design sketches,” she said patronizingly.
“Mom’s really mad at you right now.
If you know what’s good for you, you should just scram!”
Stella ignored her and picked up the dress without hesitation.
Part of the dress was made of
lace, so she was worried that it might get damaged.
Elizabeth watched as Stella opened the bag and realized what the latter was about to do.
She instantly raised her foot, but before she could kick, someone suddenly shoved her hard.
It happened so fast that she didn’t even see who it was.
“ARI”
A piercing scream rang in the air.
Stella paused and turned instinctively just in time to see Elizabeth tumble and fall to the ground.
Suddenly, Stella felt her arm being grabbed, and then the bag that she was holding was taken away.
She looked up in bewilderment.
Matthew had a displeased expression on his face, but when he spoke to her, his voice was gentle.
“Are you all right?” he asked.
Stella nodded and hurriedly took the bag from Matthew.
After checking the contents and seeing that the dress was undamaged, she breathed a sigh of relief.
This dress was the result of the hard work and efforts of a lot of people.
There was no way she was going to let it get ruined on her watch.
At that moment, Elizabeth realized that Matthew was the one who shoved her just now.
She immediately felt very upset about this.
“I didn’t do anything! Why did you push me all of a sudden?” she shouted at him in indignation.
“Where are your manners as a gentleman?”
Despite her obvious fury, Matthew coolly glanced at the security camera on the wall.
“Are you sure you didn’t do anything? Should I get the surveillance footage so everyone can see what you tried to do?”
Earlier, when he arrived, he saw Elizabeth about to kick Stella.
If he hadn’t intervened in time, Stella would have fallen down the stairs in front of her, and there was no telling what would have happened next.
As he thought about what had almost taken place, Matthew’s expression grew frostier.
###chapter1809
Elizabeth realized that Matthew had seen it all.
As the look on his face darkened and turned colder, she immediately stopped her fake tears.
The commotion outside grew louder and louder to the point that even Bella, who was in the room, could hear it.
Braving her migraine, she went out, and as soon as she reached the door, she saw Elizabeth sprawled awkwardly on the ground.
Alarmed, she hurriedly went over and helped Elizabeth up.
“What in the world happened to you?” she asked worriedly.
“Why are you on the ground?”
Elizabeth pursed her lips and shook her head with a wronged expression on her face.
“I’m fine.
I just slipped, that’s all.
”
She worded it that way deliberately to maintain her good image.
Plus, it would work in her favor.
After all, anyone who saw this scene would think that she was lying.
Once Bella concluded that it was Stella who shoved her, Bella would definitely hate Stella even more.
And sure enough, when Bella spotted Matthew and Stella standing nearby while only Elizabeth was lying on the ground, she became even more convinced that Elizabeth had lied to her just now.
“What happened here?” she asked Stella directly.
“How come Elizabeth is the only one who
fell?”
It was just a simple question, but Stella felt that Bella’s words were clearly biased against her.
It made her heart feel like it was being stabbed by a needle.
Elizabeth let Bella help her to her feet, and after she steadied herself, she continued with her act.
“Mom, it has nothing to do with Stella.
I really just slipped on my own,” she assured.
But the more she insisted, the less convincing she became.
Bella frowned and turned to Stella with a disapproving look on her face.
“I know that Elizabeth did a lot of things to hurt you in the past, but she has turned over a new leaf now.
You don’t need to keep holding a grudge against her anymore.
”
Stella had never imagined that one day Bella would accuse her without any basis.
She was both shocked and saddened.
Bella suddenly seemed like a stranger to her.
Trying to clear her name, Stella pleaded her case to Bella.
“I did nothing wrong.
As soon as the dress was ready, I brought it straight here, but Elizabeth blocked me at the door and refused to let me in.
”
No sooner had Stella finished her explanation than Elizabeth fired back, “Don’t pin this on me.
Mom has been expecting that dress since the morning.
Why would I turn you away?”
Bella, overwhelmed by the conflicting stories, felt a throbbing pain in her head that just wouldn’t ease.
She seemed to suffer more with every word exchanged.
Instinctively, Bella sided with Elizabeth.
“Elizabeth would never do such a thing.
Even if you have issues with her, you shouldn’t falsely accuse her.
”
Elizabeth, wearing a self-satisfied grin, glanced at Stella before turning on her charm with Bella.
“Mom, it’s alright.
Perhaps I’ve done something that led Stella to misunderstand me.
I’ll apologize to her.
Let’s not argue over something so minor.
”
“Why apologize if you’ve done nothing wrong?” Bella responded icily.
Elizabeth simply bowed her head, offering no reply.
Bella gazed intently at Stella and declared, “I trust Elizabeth.
Nobody knows my daughter better than I do.
”
The words struck Stella deeply, wounding her once more.
The woman standing before her bore little resemblance to the Bella she once knew.
###chapter1810
Her lips parted, poised to offer an explanation, yet the sight of disappointment and revulsion in Bella’s eyes left her speechless, unsure of where to begin.
A throbbing headache plagued Bella.
Remembering Stella’s failure to deliver the dress on time only hardened her expression.
“I have little patience for those who don’t honor their commitments,” she went on indifferently.
Her gaze dropped to the dress Stella held.
“Margery has been hounding me all day, and at such a crucial time, you were unreachable.
You’ve let me down profoundly.
”
Stella opened her mouth to respond, but Bella cut her off sharply, announcing, “You will need to speak with Margery directly from now on.
As of today, I am withdrawing from this project.
”
Bewildered by Bella’s sudden change, Stella couldn’t grasp why she was denied even a moment to explain herself.
Desperate not to sever ties in such a manner, Stella made one last attempt to mend their fraying relationship.
“I’ve been working non-stop since I was informed of the deadline.
I received no prior warning…”
While she spoke, Bella suddenly staggered.
She reached out to steady herself against the wall, barely able to stand.
Stella immediately stopped speaking and moved to assist Bella, but Elizabeth blocked her.
Elizabeth fixed Stella with a fierce glare and snapped, “What more do you want? Are you trying to infuriate my mom to death? If you have any respect left for how kind she’s been to you, grab your ragged clothes and leave!”
After her outburst, Elizabeth shot Stella a scathing look and guided Bella back inside.
As soon as Elizabeth turned away, a sly smile played across her lips.
She hadn’t expected her impromptu scheme to work so well.
Had Bella been as lucid as before, she would never have fallen for such deception.
Elizabeth mused that if she had known the drug was this effective, she would have increased Bella’s dosage sooner.
Stella stood motionless, staring at the closed door.
Her feet felt like lead, and she found it hard to even draw a breath.
Matthew clasped her cold hand gently and suggested, “Let’s head home for now.
”
Stella remained silent, allowing him to guide her away.
In the car, Stella gradually regained her composure and made a composed call to Margery.
She apologized and arranged for the dress to be delivered.
Once that was settled, Stella’s pent-up emotions overwhelmed her.
Sensing her melancholy, Matthew wrapped an arm around her shoulders, offering his support for her to lean on.
In a soft tone, he reassured her, “Don’t be downhearted.
Bella was probably just overwhelmed earlier.
That might explain her harsh words.
Plus, she didn’t seem to be in her best health today, which could have soured her mood.
How about we both go and apologize to her in a few days? What do you think?”
Stella shook her head, her voice tinged with resignation.
“I think Bella truly feels let down by me this time.
She might not even want to see me anymore.
”
As she recalled Bella’s disapproving gaze, her heart sank further.
Looking up at Matthew, she confessed, “I didn’t get any notification about the urgency.
Even so, I did everything I could to finish the dress promptly.
I just can’t fathom why she refused to hear me out.
”
###chapter1811
Matthew’s expression grew somber as he continued to console her.
“You’ve handled everything beautifully.
None of this is your fault, so don’t be too hard on yourself.
Once Bella understands the whole situation, she’ll see you’re not to blame.
”
As soon as he finished speaking, the sound of a phone ringing cut through the silence.
It was Stella’s phone.
She picked it up and saw Fernando’s name on the caller ID.
Taking a deep breath, Stella adjusted her emotions and answered the call.
Fernando was on the line to share the results of his investigation regarding Rylie.
“Rylie’s been leading a pretty mundane life lately.
She’s been mostly seen at her office and home, but in the past few days, she’s been frequenting a few luxury stores.
I’ve compiled all the details and sent them over to you.
”
“Okay,” Stella responded coldly, and then ended the call.
She opened the images and messages Fernando had sent.
After reviewing them, a suspicion formed in her mind.
The sudden disappearance of Rylie and the delays in the project seemed too well orchestrated to be coincidental.
Suddenly, Elizabeth’s face flashed before her eyes.
She remembered how Elizabeth had always resisted her attempts to meet with Bella, and it struck her that Elizabeth must be connected to
these events.
Matthew quickly made the connection between all the events, and his expression darkened immediately.
“I’ll fire Rylie right away,” he declared, reaching for his phone.
“Hold on a moment.
” Stella caught his hand, the one clutching the phone.
“I agree that Rylie is untrustworthy, but let me clear up Bella’s misunderstanding about me first.
”
She paused, sending a quick message to Bella.
The following day, Rylie received her termination notice.
She stormed into the company, demanding answers from Angel.
Slapping her phone displaying the dismissal email on the desk, she raised her voice.
“What is this supposed to mean? I haven’t done anything wrong.
Why am I being dismissed?”
Angel looked up at her with a detached expression.
“There’s no point in asking me.
Mr.
Clark made the decision.
If you have any ions, you should take them up with him.
”
Rylie’s face contorted with frustration, her voice cracking.
“Even if Mr.
Clark decided, what of it? I refuse to accept this.
I’ve worked diligently and haven’t slipped up once.
Whoever made the decision, you owe me substantial compensation, or I’ll seek legal mediation!”
“Is that so?”
As soon as she finished her words, a cold female voice came from behind.
Rylie turned around and was confronted by Stella.
Staring into Stella’s icy expression, which hinted at a looming retribution, Rylie felt a wave of panic.
However, she was not ready to meekly accept the possibility of being dismissed.
She argued defiantly, “It’s unjust to fire an employee who hasn’t erred without any grounds.
Even Prosperity Group can’t just trample over people like that.
I demand an explanation today.
”
Stella nodded, her voice calm.
“I understand your concern, but let’s first determine whether your dismissal was indeed unwarranted.
”
###chapter1812
She placed a stack of printed photographs on the table before Rylie, showcasing her lavish escapades in high-end boutiques and opulent hotels over the last few days.
Rylie’s face turned a deep shade of red.
Yet, she continued to defend herself, “So what? I was merely taking some time to unwind.
This is my personal life.
I’ve committed no faults at work.
Why should the company dismiss me over such matters?”
Stella’s scoff was sharp.
“Because you took leave without any justification and were unreachable at a crucial time, risking the company’s reputation.
Isn’t that a mistake?”
Finding herself at a loss for words, Rylie averted her gaze from Stella’s piercing look.
Desperate to salvage her position, she pleaded, “I acknowledge my mistake, but please, can you give me another chance?”
As Rylie’s defenses weakened, Stella seized the moment.
“Explain why you abruptly took leave, and I might consider mitigating your penalty.
”
Prosperity Group ranked among Seamarsh’s elite companies, and Rylie had worked tirelessly to secure her position there.
The prospect of being terminated in such a humiliating manner threatened to tarnish her future career irreparably.
Torn between her options, Rylie blurted out in distress, “Someone asked me to…”
Yet, her confession trailed off into silence.
Revealing Elizabeth’s involvement meant returning all the money she had received and spent.
With none left, Rylie faced a daunting dilemma.
Noticing Rylie’s hesitation, Stella probed, “Who instructed you to do this?”
In a panic, Rylie quickly retorted, “No, it’s my fault.
I’ve been overwhelmed lately and needed a break.
I never imagined this would happen while I was off.
I’m terribly sorry.
Please, give me another chance, or let me apologize to the customer.
”
At that moment, a colleague who had always harbored disdain for her scoffed, “Rylie used to work overtime rather than take sick leave, always pinching pennies, never even splurging on a drink for herself.
And now she’s suddenly asking for a leave and shopping in luxury boutiques?”
“The kind of place where you don’t walk out without dropping tens of thousands.
It doesn’t add up that she’d spend like that,” another colleague added.
As the murmurs grew, Rylie’s cheeks flushed with embarrassment.
She regained her composure and began to explain, “I… I’ve been putting in so much effort all this time.
Is it so wrong for me to want a little reward now and then?”
Her voice, however, carried less conviction than before.
Stella had no patience for her excuses.
With an icy tone, she declared, “If you’re not going to be honest with me, then we have nothing more to discuss.
Go and complete the formalities.
”
With that, Stella turned to leave.
Rylie, realizing Stella was dismissing her explanations, started to panic.
“Wait, I’ll tell you the truth!”
Stella paused and turned to face her with a stern look.
###chapter1813
Just as Rylie was about to reveal that Elizabeth was involved, she was cut off by another voice.
Elizabeth entered the room, asking, “What’s going on here? Why the noise?”
Rylie met Elizabeth’s stern gaze and held back her words.
Elizabeth was visibly distraught.
That morning, Stella had persuaded Bella to come to the office.
Elizabeth wanted to dissuade her but found herself powerless, so she reluctantly accompanied Bella.
She hadn’t anticipated Stella’s underlying motives.
Regaining her composure, Rylie turned to Elizabeth, desperation in her voice.
“Elizabeth, you’re finally here.
Mr.
Clark is going to fire me.
Please, you have to help me.
”
Elizabeth inwardly sighed.
Why did Rylie have to drag her into such petty matters?
Her face devoid of emotion, she distanced herself from Rylie’s predicament.
“That’s a decision from Prosperity Group.
I don’t work here, so really, it has nothing to do with me.
”
Before Rylie could respond, Elizabeth cautioned her in a low tone, “Rylie, choose your words carefully.
Without proof, your accusations could be considered slander.
I’d advise you to mind your words.
”
Rylie’s face blanched as she processed Elizabeth’s words, her mind racing back to earlier events.
Previously, Elizabeth had treated the staff in the clothing department to a lavish meal and engaged in friendly chats.
Rylie had once casually vented about Stella, which led to more interactions with Elizabeth, including a Luxury shopping spree.
Coming from a modest background, Rylie had never imagined stepping into such exclusive spaces.
During the shopping trip, Elizabeth had even gifted her several designer bags, instantly feeding her sense of pride.
Surrounded by envious glances, Rylie found herself swept up in the allure of her new lifestyle.
Finally, Elizabeth handed Rylie a shopping card that was about to expire.
She then asked for a few days off to experience life as the wealthy did.
As Rylie thought about it, she sensed something amiss.
It appeared that Elizabeth had orchestrated everything from the start, aiming to force Rylie to leave her position temporarily, which would jeopardize Stella’s project and lead to negative outcomes.
Rylie realized she had been manipulated by Elizabeth!
Now that the truth had come to light, Elizabeth was trying to make her the scapegoat.
Anger flared in Rylie, her eyes reddening as she pointed at Elizabeth and accused her vehemently, “You did this intentionally! You set me up…”
Turning to Stella, she continued earnestly, “Elizabeth purposely gave me that shopping card.
She wanted me to abandon my post during the crucial project phase.
Ms.
Anderson, no, Mrs.
Clark, I was duped by her; otherwise, I would never have made such a mistake! Please, I’m begging you to give me another chance.
I assure you, this won’t happen again.
”
Elizabeth, confident that Rylie lacked proof, responded nonchalantly, “It’s just a card.
I have plenty of them.
I gave it to you out of pity.
What’s the big deal?”
“But you were the one who approached me first!” Rylie protested, turning to Elizabeth.
“You came to the clothing department, acting all friendly.
You planned on setting us up from the start, didn’t you?”
Elizabeth gave no response, not even glancing in Rylie’s direction.
Rylie’s voice quivered with frustration as she spoke, but Elizabeth remained silent, unmoved by her accusations.
###chapter1814
Bella’s expression grew stern upon hearing the entire story.
After a brief pause, she concluded to Stella, “This was Elizabeth’s fault.
”
“Mom!” Elizabeth gasped, unable to hide her shock.
Stella too seemed taken aback by Bella’s sudden decisiveness.
Elizabeth was left speechless, her questions stifled by Bella’s piercing gaze.
Bella approached Stella, nodding slightly.
“I had Elizabeth come here on my behalf since I’ve been unwell.
It’s my fault she faltered.
”
“Why are you speaking so humbly to Stella?” Elizabeth snapped, visibly upset.
“Enough! No more talking,” Bella interjected, halting her.
Elizabeth pressed her lips together, forcefully holding back her words.
Turning to Stella, Bella resumed, saying, “I apologize for Elizabeth’s actions.
Please, forgive her for my sake.
”
This time, Elizabeth held her tongue, though her glare at Stella was intense.
Stella chose to disregard Elizabeth’s stare.
She had invited Bella to dispel any misconceptions.
Now that Bella had understood the truth, Stella wanted to avoid further awkwardness.
Moreover, she had another more significant reason for inviting Bella.
Seizing the moment, Stella assured her, “Now that everything’s clear, let’s put this behind us.
I respect your effort to make amends.
”
Yet, Elizabeth couldn’t contain her frustration.
“I did nothing wrong.
It doesn’t matter whether she forgives me or not,” she blurted out.
Bella frowned, a silent warning to Elizabeth, who clenched her jaw and fell silent.
Stella couldn’t help but feel envious.
Bella always stood up for Elizabeth, ready to apologize on her behalf.
Once she regained her composure, Stella addressed Bella, saying, “There’s something else I need to discuss with you.
”
Aware of the attention they were attracting, Stella hesitated briefly before turning to Bella.
“Do you have a moment? Maybe we could step outside and have a talk in private?” she suggested.
Bella, unsure of what Stella intended to discuss, simply nodded her agreement.
As Stella led Bella away, Rylie intervened, calling out urgently, “Mrs, Clark!”
Stella paused to look back at her.
Rylie, her expression tense, implored, “Please don’t go.
We haven’t finished our conversation…”
Her voice faded into uncertainty.
###chapter1815
Stella, reluctant to linger further, glanced dismissively at the onlookers and responded icily, “We’ll handle your matter according to our company’s policies.
Your recent actions nearly resulted in a substantial loss.
If faced with significant incentives from a competitor in the future, it’s likely you would betray us again.
Therefore, your termination is non-negotiable.
Moreover, this decision is also endorsed by Mr.
Clark.
Should you have any ions, you may take them up with him.
”
With that, she resumed leading Bella away.
Elizabeth quickly followed behind them.
Steering clear of the curious eyes of the staff, Stella mentioned to Bella, “There’s a coffee shop downstairs.
If it’s alright with you, I’d like to talk over there.
I also have something to give you.
”
“Okay,” Bella responded, ready to follow.
Elizabeth’s expression was somber.
She harbored a strong dislike for Stella and didn’t want her getting along with Bella.
Despite her feelings, she felt compelled to monitor Stella closely, shadowing her every move.
In the coffee shop, Stella caught Elizabeth’s gaze and felt a twinge of annoyance.
She knew she needed to keep her next actions hidden from Elizabeth’s prying eyes.
After a moment of thought, she addressed Elizabeth with a polite tone.
“Elizabeth, could you please go and order some coffee for us?”
Elizabeth, caught off guard, scoffed in response, “Are you telling me what to do? Why should I be the one to get your coffee?”
“Elizabeth,” Bella interjected firmly.
“Just do as she asks.
Isn’t it a small task?”
“Mom…” Elizabeth protested weakly.
“Go!” Bella commanded, her voice growing stern.
With a snort of disdain, Elizabeth yanked her chair back, a clear display of her displeasure, and reluctantly walked away.
Once Elizabeth was out of sight, Stella looked back at Bella and pulled a gift box from her bag.
It contained an elegant hairpin.
Bella looked puzzled.
“What’s this?”
Stella offered the box with an apologetic smile.
“I’m sorry for any upset caused yesterday.
I picked out this gift especially for you.
I hope you’ll accept it.
”
Bella’s gaze landed on the hairpin, and she reached out to pick it up.
The intricate design, from the tassel to the vibrant colors, reflected the designer’s exquisite taste.
She smiled and said, “Thank you.
I really like it.
”
“I’m glad to hear that.
” Stella then offered, “Would you Like me to put it on for you now?”
“No, thanks.
” Bella hesitated, the thought of the intimate gesture making her reflexively pull back.
However, seeing Stella’s look of disappointment, she relented.
“Actually, would you mind? I’d appreciate it.
”
Stella smiled, shaking her head.
“Not a problem at all.
”
###chapter1816
She approached Bella nervously, focusing intently on her hair.
Taking a deep breath, she carefully positioned the hairpin.
As she adjusted it, Stella deliberately tugged at Bella’s hair, causing a sharp pain.
Bella winced.
“I’m sorry, this is my first time doing this for someone.
Did that hurt?” Stella asked, her voice laden with apology as she stepped back.
She had exerted less force, but it still hurt Bella.
Bella, noticing her distress, quickly reassured her, “It’s okay, really.
Does it look alright?”
Looking hopeful, Bella sought Stella’s approval.
“It looks beautiful on you,” Stella confirmed with a nod.
Just then, Elizabeth, who had been scanning around idly after ordering the coffee, caught sight of Stella’s close proximity to Bella.
‘s BunnyBookery
Her demeanor instantly changed as she marched over and demanded icily, “What’s going on here?”
Stella instinctively tightened her grip on the strands of long hair in her hand and stepped to the
side.
Bella held back a furious Elizabeth, smoothing her hair as_ she explained, “Stella was just helping me with my hairpin.
There’s no need for such a dramatic reaction.
”
Elizabeth, spotting the accessory on Bella’s head, furrowed her brow and inquired, “Where did that come from?”
“It’s from Stella,” Bella responded, a gleeful smile spreading across her face.
Elizabeth’s expression turned grave as she sensed that something was amiss.
Why had Stella sent her to get coffee? Was it merely to hand over a hairpin?
She scrutinized Stella’s face, searching for clues, yet nothing seemed amiss.
Stella remained silent and walked back to her seat, acting as though nothing unusual had occurred.
She glanced at Elizabeth’s empty hands and queried, “Weren’t you supposed to get coffee? Where is it?”
As she spoke, she discreetly slid Bella’s hair into her bag.
Elizabeth caught the motion from the corner of her eye, but they were too far apart for her to make out the details.
“The coffee’s not ready yet,” she replied curtly, her mind still on the hairpin Stella had given Bella.
She couldn’t help but scowl.
Stella turned her attention to Bella, asking, “Feeling any better?”
Bella nodded slightly.
“Much better than yesterday.
”
Elizabeth was still reeling from the recent events.
The hairpin…
###chapter1817
Suddenly, a thought struck her.
Was Stella attempting to obtain Bella’s hair?
Of course! That explained Stella’s eagerness to gift Bella the hairpin.
Panic set in, and Elizabeth mulled over her next move.
She decided to seek advice from Kristian.
Rising quickly, she declared, “I’ll go grab the coffee.
”
She hastened forward, but as she rounded the corner, she collided with a waitress coming the other way.
Elizabeth’s expression soured as she snapped, “Didn’t you see me standing here?”
The waitress stammered out apologies repeatedly.
Although seething with irritation, Elizabeth had no time to Linger on the mishap.
She scowled and barked, “Just get the hell out of my face, you fool!”
“Thank you…” The waitress murmured her thanks and turned to leave.
As Elizabeth reached for her phone, she noticed the waitress’s hair.
It was remarkably similar to Bella’s in length and color.
“Wait a minute,” she called the waitress back.
“What’s wrong?” The waitress looked apprehensive, fearing further reprimand.
Elizabeth gestured toward her hair and offered, “I’ll pay you.
Could you give me a few strands of your hair?”
Elizabeth returned to their table, holding three cups of coffee.
She fixed her gaze on Stella for a moment, and then shifted her attention to Stella’s bag.
If her deduction was correct, Stella had surreptitiously placed Bella’s hair in there.
Elizabeth couldn’t fathom how Stella had come to suspect Bella’s true identity as her mother, but she was determined to thwart any attempt at a paternity test using Bella’s hair.
Every aspect of Bella’s existence was exclusively Elizabeth’s; she would not tolerate anyone encroaching upon it, least of all Stella.
If Stella succeeded, Elizabeth’s efforts thus far would be rendered futile.
With these thoughts, Elizabeth’s eyes darkened with resolve.
Stella remained oblivious to Elizabeth’s growing hostility.
With Bella’s hair finally secured, her heart raced with anticipation.
She desperately sought an excuse to depart.
Stella and Elizabeth harbored their own contemplations, while Bella remained oblivious.
###chapter1818
Elizabeth placed the three cups of coffee on the table.
As she positioned the final cup before Stella, she purposefully poured its contents.
Stella attempted to evade it, yet her efforts proved futile as the black Liquid splattered onto her garments.
Elizabeth let out a piercing scream, feigning panic as she exclaimed, “Forgive me.
Why do I display such recklessness?”
Seizing the moment, she hastily proffered a tissue under the guise of assistance, all the while covertly eyeing Stella’s bag, intending to swap the hair inside.
Stella grimaced, attempting to evade Elizabeth’s aid.
“No need, I can manage.
”
Yet Elizabeth persisted, feigning remorse.
“I insist, it’s entirely my fault.
Your clothes are soiled.
What can I do to rectify this?”
Bella also came over to offer assistance.
While attention was focused on Stella’s garments, Elizabeth discreetly maneuvered to Stella’s bag and deftly exchanged the hair inside with her prepared ones.
With a relieved exhale, she discarded the tissue onto the table.
A smirk played on her Lips.
After some time elapsed, Stella’s attire was almost dried, although the coffee stains remained.
Bella resumed her seat, knitting her brows as she reproached Elizabeth, “How could you mishandle something as simple as fetching a cup of coffee?”
“Yes, yes, it’s all my fault,” Elizabeth replied nonchalantly.
The hair exchange had been executed, and she no longer felt inclined to feign politeness.
“Mom, considering your health, lingering in the chill isn’t advisable.
Let’s return.
”
Following her statement, she leveled a frigid gaze at Stella before departing with Bella.
Observing the stains on Stella’s attire with concern, Bella inquired, “Stella, is it okay for you to depart in this state? Would you Like me to procure new attire for you from the nearby shopping mall?”
Focused on rushing back for a paternity test, Stella remained oblivious to Elizabeth’s shifting demeanor.
Yet, she found solace in Bella’s care.
“It’s inconsequential.
Spare attire awaits me at my office.
I’ll simply retrieve it there.
I appreciate your assistance today.
Now, do ensure to return home and rest adequately.
”
Finally, Bella experienced a slight sense of relief.
After bidding farewell, Stella hastened back to Prosperity Group.
In Matthew’s office, Cordell awaited, already positioned.
Stella presented the retrieved hair to Cordell, her tone grave as she implored, “Assist me with this matter.
Once you have the findings, promptly notify me.
”
While anyone could have managed it, Matthew took the precaution of summoning Cordell to ensure flawless execution.
After securing the hair in a specialized pouch for preservation, Cordell affirmed earnestly, “Rest assured.
I’ll alert you upon obtaining the results.
”
Matthew nodded subtly, asserting, “The fewer individuals privy to this, the safer.
Keep it discreet.
”
“Understood,” Cordell promptly concurred.
###chapter1819
As Cordell departed, Stella finally eased her tension.
She clasped Matthew’s hand, a smile gracing her lips as she remarked, “Now, all we need to do is await the results.
You cannot fathom the challenges I faced while retrieving that hair.
”
She pressed her hand to her chest, reflecting on the recent events.
The sensation lingered, akin to surviving a calamity.
Matthew couldn’t suppress his amusement.
“Truly?”
Observing Stella’s soiled attire, he furrowed his brow.
“What occurred?”
Stella cast her gaze downward, admitting, “It was Elizabeth’s doing, unintentionally…”
She recounted to Matthew in intricate detail how she requested Elizabeth to buy coffee and seized Bella’s hair under the guise of offering hairpin.
“Fortunately, my acting skills served me well.
Bella detected nothing awry, but Elizabeth’s behavior was odd, especially post-coffee purchase.
That was when my clothes got stained.
However, her disdain for me is no secret.
Her reaction was unsurprising.
”
Witnessing her elation, Matthew offered a faint smile.
“Excellent.
We await the results.
”
Stella expressed eagerly, “I’ve waited for this moment for so long.
A few more days won’t matter.
If only Bella truly turns out to be my mother.
”
Stella and Matthew engaged in conversation for a while.
Matthew recounted the day’s events involving Rylie and jestingly remarked, “I heard you dropped my name when you dismissed Rylie today.
Rare sight, to use my authority to intimidate others.
How did it feel? Does my name carry weight?”
Stella felt a hint of embarrassment at his words.
She feigned seriousness and countered, “Am I not entitled to lean on your influence? Or do you prefer others invoking your name?”
Matthew enveloped her in his embrace, affirming, “No one but you has that privilege.
I’m yours.
You can do whatever you want.
Henceforth, when you step out, make it known that Matthew is your husband.
”
His tone, smooth and alluring, held a captivating allure.
At his words, Stella’s cheeks flushed even darker.
Matthew playfully pinched her cheek and remarked, “It’s been a while, yet you still blush at my words.
I wonder, if I were to do something else, would your blush deepen further?”
Stella shot him a defiant glare.
“Who said I’m shy?”
Matthew’s smile widened.
“You’re not the shy one here.
That blush wasn’t yours.
”
Stella’s embarrassment shifted to irritation.
“Enough!”
She playfully punched his chest, to which Matthew responded with laughter.
After a brief moment of playfulness, Stella’s expression grew serious.
“I still find it odd.
Did you notice Bella’s demeanor yesterday? She seemed agitated and almost hostile toward me, but today she’s back to normal.
What’s going on?”
After pondering for a moment, Matthew proposed, “Perhaps the misunderstanding has been rectified, leading her to realize her misinterpretation and subsequently alter her demeanor.
”
Reflecting on Bella’s recent behavior, Stella experienced an odd sensation, yet she struggled to conceive of any alternative explanation aside from Matthew’s proposition.
###chapter1820
She murmured, “Really?”
As soon as Elizabeth arrived home, she settled Bella and immediately called Kristian.
Before Kristian could say anything, she said angrily, “Stella is beginning to doubt her relationship with Bella.
She even secretly took Bella’s hair for a paternity test.
”
“hat?” Kristian’s impatience was immediately replaced by a panic.
He immediately asked, “Did she succeed?”
Elizabeth said coldly, “Of course not.
Fortunately, when she asked Bella to go to Prosperity Group today, I went with her.
I managed to ruin her plan.
”
“That’s good, then.
Since you managed to stop her, the truth won’t be exposed.
” Kristian returned to his normal tone.
He praised Elizabeth, “I commend you for being so cautious.
”
Elizabeth snorted coldly.
She reminded him, “But if things go on Like this, I’m not sure how long we can stop it from being exposed.
”
She still couldn’t help worrying about it.
Kristian pondered for a moment.
Then, he said in a low and cruel voice, “It seems we can’t leave Stella here any longer.
We must get rid of her as soon as possible.
Otherwise, she will be bad luck for us.
”
If Bella found out Stella was her daughter, sooner or later, she would remember everything in the past.
By then, Kristian and Elizabeth wouldn’t gain anything.
Elizabeth also knew this.
So, after Kristian finished his words, she immediately said, “Hurry up!
Carry out the original plan.
Don’t delay any longer.
As long as the rumors spread, even if they were false, they could become true.
What we need to do is destroy Stella step by step, so she can never rise again, let alone get anything from Bella.
”
Kristian agreed.
“Yes, you are right.
”
Elizabeth paused for a moment.
Then, she continued, “We can’t let Stella gain a firm foothold in Dorburn.
It would be best if you find a way to make Margery speak against her.
After all, she is the first person to receive Stella’s dress in Dorburn.
So, she has the most say.
If she takes the lead, Stella’s reputation in Dorburn will be completely ruined.
”
Kristian grinned hideously.
“Don’t worry.
I will definitely handle this matter well.
Dorburn is our territory, and she’s just a young woman.
She can’t do whatever she wants here Elizabeth knew Kristian always had a way to deal with this kind of dirty work.
So, she had nothing to worry about.
”
After discussing how to deal with Stella, Elizabeth asked about the medicine given by the doctor.
“A few days ago, I increased the dosage of Bella’s medicine.
At first, it was effective.
I could control her mood.
But now, I don’t know what’s going on.
It is no longer effective.
Did the doctor say before that increasing the dosage would lead to any side effects?”
Last night, Elizabeth thought Bella would never believe Stella anymore.
But she didn’t expect Bella to become Lucid this morning and forgive Stella.
At the thought of this, Elizabeth couldn’t help but feel angry.
Kristian thought for a while.
Then, he said with uncertainty, “I’m not sure.
It can be the dwindling of the medicine’s effect or sequelae.
”
As soon as he said this, they both fell silent.
After a while, Kristian comforted Elizabeth, “Don’t worry about it.
It doesn’t matter whether Bella is alive or not.
The most important thing is her property.
It can’t fall into the hands of outsiders.
Or could it be that you’ve developed some family affection for Bella after all this time and become soft-hearted?”
Elizabeth snorted coldly, “That’s wrong.
Why would I be soft-hearted toward her? Yes, I was the one who prepared the medicine.
But she took it voluntarily.
Whatever the consequences are, it’s all because of her fate.
”
As for Stella, Elizabeth had initially planned to let her go.
But Stella was so reckless that she even wanted to have a paternity test.
Therefore, she could only teach Stella a lesson.
At least she would let Stella know that those who went against her didn’t end well.
###chapter1821
That night, Stella was sleeping soundly when she was awakened by the ringing of Matthew’s phone in the middle of the night.
She opened her eyes and looked at Matthew in confusion.
When she sobered up, she immediately asked nervously, “Is it Cordell? Is there a result of the paternity test?”
Matthew looked at the screen of his phone and saw the caller’s name.
He shook his head.
“It’s Fernando.
”
Stella lowered her eyes.
Her heart was filled with disappointment.
Matthew gently rubbed her head and answered the phone.
Fernando’s anxious voice came from the other end of the line.
“Mr.
Clark, the clothing department just received a notification that more than half of the orders from Dorburn have been canceled.
”
Matthew’s expression soured as he switched the phone to his other ear, telling Stella, “You get some rest.
I’ll sort out some business in the study.
”
He strode to the study, shutting the door behind him with a decisive click.
Inside, he pressed Fernando for answers.
His voice tinged with urgency, he asked, “What happened exactly?”
Fernando didn’t mince words.
“There’s trouble brewing in Dorburn.
Rumors are flying around about Stella, spreading like wildfire on the internet…”
“Cut to the chase!”
“It’s Margery,” Fernando said.
“She said that the embroidery work of the dress wasn’t up to par and that Stella didn’t take customers from Dorburn seriously.
Then, someone confirmed that the embroidery on Margery’s custom dress was actually done by an unknown artist.
Various social media platforms in Dorburn picked up on these revelations, and the situation spiraled out of control.
”
Fernando’s worry was palpable as he asked, “Should we take down those posts and try to calm things down?”
With Margery’s interview in mind, Fernando didn’t want to make any moves without Matthew’s authorization, hence the late-night call.
Matthew said calmly, “Track down the IP addresses of the people who initiated the rumor.
”
“But things are getting worse online.
Shouldn’t we deal with that first?” Fernando asked, his confusion evident.
Matthew paused, mulling over his decision before firmly saying, “No, let’s stick with the plan.
”
As he ended the call, Stella gently pushed the door open and came into the room.
Matthew’s eyes flickered, a veil of composure masking his inner turmoil as he approached Stella.
“Why aren’t you in bed? Did I interrupt your sleep?”
Stella shook her head, her lips pressed into a thin line as she met Matthew’s gaze.
“I caught Margery’s interview.
Is our business in trouble?”
She had vaguely heard the mention of Dorburn earlier.
And she understood that Fernando wouldn’t reach out to Matthew at this hour unless it was urgent.
The only possibility that came to mind was related to the recent orders.
She couldn’t shake the unease, so she grabbed her phone and checked the news.
Sure enough, there was news about something happening in Dorburn.
Unable to keep it from her any longer, Matthew confessed, “We’ve lost half our Dorburn orders.
”
“Is it really that terrible?” Stella asked, her worry palpable.
###chapter1822
“It’s primarily due to the rumor spreading, and Margery confirmed it herself.
Dispelling those rumors is the easy part, but handling Margery is a different story.
”
Stella furrowed her brow, realizing Margery’s stance was crucial in the situation.
“I’ll swing by Dorburn and try to reason with Margery,” she said.
Matthew shook his head, saying, “Margery’s convinced our work didn’t measure up.
She won’t listen to your reason.
We might need Alissa’s help.
”
Stella felt awkward about imposing on Alissa again.
“I’ve already asked a lot of her.
It doesn’t seem right to ask for more, especially if it could damage her reputation…”
“Don’t worry about it.
If she’s willing to help you, she won’t mind such minor details,” Matthew said.
Then he continued with a scowl, “But let’s not rush.
We need to uncover the truth first.
”
Stella paused, meeting Matthew’s gaze.
“Do you think there’s more to this?”
Matthew’s expression turned serious.
“There’s definitely something fishy going on.
With the damage done, it’s time to find out who’s behind it all.
”
“What’s your plan? Can I do anything to help?” Stella asked.
Matthew shook his head.
“Just sit tight.
Focus on the paternity test results with Bella.
I’ll take care of this.
”
As soon as Elizabeth woke up the next day, she read the news.
Stella was being criticized by netizens from all walks of life.
She was accused of being not dedicated to her work and making shady money.
Some posts and comments even escalated to personal attacks.
Upon seeing Stella being scolded, there was no doubt Elizabeth was excited.
But at the same time, she also felt confused.
Where was Matthew? Judging from his character, he couldn’t sit still and watch Stella being bullied like this.
He should have already come out to clarify the rumors for her.
But there was no reaction from him at all.
This didn’t seem his way of dealing with matters concerning Stella.
Could it be that Matthew had not received the news yet? Or perhaps he had already known and was thinking of countermeasures.
Elizabeth waited patiently all morning, but Prosperity Group still didn’t take any action.
The rumors were getting worse, but no one from Stella’s side made a move to counter them.
This was exactly the result Elizabeth wanted.
However, everything went so smoothly that it made her feel a little uneasy.
She was afraid something would go wrong.
Elizabeth thought for a while.
Then, she immediately called Kristian and asked, “Is there anything unusual in Dorburn?”
“Nothing.
Why? What’s wrong?” Kristian sounded a little confused.
Elizabeth frowned.
“I just feel a little strange.
Stella’s reputation is being ruined so badly, but Matthew is not doing anything.
Is he just standing idly by and watching? It doesn’t make any sense to me.
”
“It’s because I handled this matter cleanly.
I didn’t even show my face when I asked Margery for help.
”
As he spoke, Kristian’s voice gradually became complacent.
“Anyway, I did it very secretly.
Even if the truth of this matter is exposed in the end, they won’t find out it was us.
”
###chapter1823
Elizabeth was somehow relieved.
Stella had been so high-profile these days.
She had become the project manager of Prosperity Group, and with Bella’s personal guidance, she had become very popular.
There were probably other people who disliked her and didn’t want to see her succeed, so they took the opportunity to ruin her.
At the thought of this, Elizabeth no longer had scruples.
A hint of malice appeared in her eyes.
She curled her lips and said, “Remember, do it quickly, but keep your hands clean.
Don’t fail, and don’t get yourself in trouble.
Since there are other people who want Stella to suffer, we can help them.
”
Meanwhile, Fernando reported to Matthew, “Our people followed the clues of those initial IP addresses and found the posters behind them.
Those IP addresses are all from Dorburn, so I sent our men there.
Those people were caught and are now being interrogated.
We will make them admit who is behind all this.
I think it won’t take long.
”
After Fernando finished reporting, his phone suddenly rang.
He frowned, but he answered it and listened to the person on the other end of the line.
Then, his face gradually darkened.
After hanging up the phone, he looked at Matthew with concern written all over his face.
“Those people we caught said they had received a sum of money from someone who asked them to
spread the news.
They were promised the full payment after it was done.
”
Matthew didn’t say anything.
When he heard it was someone from Dorburn who did it, the first person he thought of was Elizabeth.
After all, she had been stirring trouble recently.
He turned to Fernando and ordered, “Check their accounts and track where the money had come from.
”
“Okay, sir,” Fernando readily agreed.
“Also “Matthew added, “Carefully check who Elizabeth has been in touch with recently.
”
“ALL right.
I’ll do it right away.
”
Fernando didn’t dare to delay.
He immediately left to carry out Matthew’s orders.
At this moment, Matthew received a call from Cordell.
Stella chatted with Doreen on the phone.
Doreen was furious after seeing the rumors online.
She’d told Alissa without Stella’s consent.
Realizing her impulsiveness, she called to apologize.
Stella replied casually, “No worries.
Alissa would’ve found out eventually.
In fact, I’m the one who caused her trouble.
I should apologize.
”
Doreen bristled.
“Stella, don’t be ridiculous! It’s not your fault.
Blame those ignorant rumor-mongers! Alissa’s a world-renowned craft artist, with countless international awards.
How dare they call her unknown?”
Stella felt even worse.
“I’m so sorry.
These people are targeting me, and I never expected Alissa to get dragged in.
”
Doreen soothed her, “Don’t overthink it.
Alissa doesn’t mind.
She’s even willing to offer help if you need to prove something.
”
Stella pictured Alissa’s gentle smile again.
Her personality was quite similar to Bella’s-both kind and thoughtful, always putting others first.
###chapter1824
“Thank Alissa for me.
”
Just then, Matthew entered, looking grim.
Her stomach lurched, fearing the situation had escalated.
“Doreen, I gotta go.
We’ll chat later, okay?”
Stella ended the call abruptly.
Turning to Matthew, she asked, “What’s wrong? Did the situation worsen?”
Nothing else explained Matthew’s serious expression.
Matthew shook his head.
“It’s unrelated.
The paternity test results are here.
”
Stella froze, and then her anxiety intensified.
He handed her the phone.
It was an electronic report from Cordell.
Stella took a deep breath.
Her palms grew slick with sweat within seconds, and her hands trembled.
But upon seeing the final line, a wave of disappointment washed over her.
Tears welled up in her eyes.
The report stated no parent-child relationship between her and Bella.
As she clutched the phone tighter, bitterness laced her voice.
“Is this accurate?”
“Yes,” Matthew replied in a low voice.
“Cordell monitored the entire testing process.
”
Stella stared at the report, her vision blurring.
She reread it, disbelief clouding her mind.
Matthew wrapped his arms around her.
“It’s okay.
I’ll keep searching for your mother.
”
Stella’s heart sank with exhaustion.
She nodded weakly, a muffled response escaping her Lips.
Deep down, she’d clung to the hope that Bella was her mother.
But the reality on the screen was irrefutable.
She had no choice but to accept it.
Bitterness flooded her.
Even the taste of her own saliva seemed tainted.
Unwilling to burden Matthew, she forced herself to calm down.
“Good.
This result means I can move forward and keep looking…”
She paused, and then strained a smile.
“Besides, so much time has passed, and my memory isn’t fully restored.
I only recall some fuzzy fragments from my childhood.
It’s normal to have some false leads.
”
Matthew instantly saw through her facade.
He gently ruffled her hair.
“Don’t worry.
I’ll do everything in my power.
I will find your mother.
”
Stella offered a weak smile in return, her mood heavy.
Matthew held his thoughts close.
He still believed the initial investigation was on the right track, especially considering Elizabeth’s alertness toward Stella.
###chapter1825
However, he decided to keep his suspicions to himself until he had concrete proof.
Matthew didn’t want Stella to dwell on the report, so he deftly changed the subject.
“Were you speaking with Doreen just now? If the studio is busy, you can head there first.
Don’t stress about the project here.
”
“It’s not about the studio,” Stella replied after a moment’s thought, and proceeded to share her conversation with Doreen.
She sighed softly, “I never expected Alissa to offer to help me clear the air after all the trouble I caused her.
I feel so guilty and unsure how to repay her kindness.
”
Stella’s thoughts still lingered on the results of the paternity test, a bitter smile crossing her face.
“Alissa is a good person.
”
Matthew, noticing her preoccupation, wanted to keep her occupied so that she wouldn’t fixate
on the paternity test results.
He suggested, “Why don’t you invite Alissa out for dinner to thank her for her support? You’ve been wanting to learn more about embroidery too, right? This could be a great chance to have a meaningful conversation with her.
I’ll have Fernando make a reservation at a nice restaurant.
What do you think?”
Stella hesitated but politely declined, “Forget it.
I’m not sure if she’s even available right now; it feels too sudden.
”
More importantly, she wasn’t in the mood to meet anyone.
Matthew took her hand, gently persuading her, “The news in Dorburn has sparked a lot of discussions.
Alissa might have to clarify everything online in a few days.
We need to maintain a good relationship with her anyway.
We can’t just reach out when we need something from her, right?”
Under Matthew’s persistent persuasion, Stella conceded.
She nodded and said, “I’ll check with Doreen if Alissa is available.
”
Stella sent a message to Doreen and soon received a reply.
Doreen confirmed that Alissa was free.
With plans set, Stella began to look forward to the dinner, her mood slightly brightening.
That evening, Fernando drove Stella to the restaurant while Matthew went to discuss another sensitive matter with Neville and Cordell at Cordell’s home, choosing the location for its security.
Matthew said bluntly, “I need your help to find Stella’s biological mother.
”
He then presented all the information he had gathered so far.
Upon reviewing the details, Neville expressed his confusion due to an apparent contradiction.
“Isn’t it clear enough? Bella is her biological mother, isn’t she?”
Cordell responded without hesitation, “I just conducted a paternity test for them, and the results confirmed that she is not.
”
“How is that possible?” Neville was puzzled.
He had great faith in Matthew’s capabilities, and he never doubted Cordell’s medical expertise.
As he pondered the situation, Neville couldn’t pinpoint the issue.
After thoroughly reviewing all the information, he speculated, “Could there be something wrong with the sample?”
###chapter1826
Matthew shook his head and clarified, “Stella is certain that she took the hair directly from Bella’s head.
No one else touched it.
”
Neville’s face showed his distress; the situation was becoming increasingly complicated.
Suddenly, he remembered another detail.
“Didn’t the paternity test results of Stella and Haley confirm their relationship?”
Neville continued, “If Haley and Stella’s initial test result wasn’t faked, then the sample belonged to Stella’s biological mother.
This means the person behind Haley knows who Stella’s biological mother is and might even be close to her.
”
Matthew pondered this.
“Now that Haley is dead, even if your analysis is correct, we can’t verify it.
The dead cannot give witness,” Cordell reminded Neville.
Neville sighed.
“Let’s think of another way.
”
Listening to their discussion, Matthew became lost in thought.
Haley died suddenly; it seemed as if someone wanted to silence her.
He frowned and tapped his fingers on the armrest.
When Haley stayed at a hotel in Seamarsh, a man visited her but vanished after her death.
Matthew’s suspicions grew even more.
After a few moments, he looked at Neville.
“Find everyone Haley contacted.
”
Neville paused for a moment, and then understood what Matthew meant.
With a serious expression, he nodded.
“I’ll get right on it.
”
Meanwhile, Stella, Alissa, and Doreen were having dinner together.
It was Doreen’s first time in such an upscale restaurant, and she tried to contain her excitement as she looked around.
Alissa, flattered by Stella’s choice of venue, remarked, “It’s just a meal.
Any restaurant would have been fine.
This place must be expensive.
”
Doreen chimed in, “You don’t know yet, but Stella’s husband is Matthew, the CEO of Prosperity Group!”
Alissa was taken aback, and then smiled.
“No wonder you married early, Ms.
Anderson.
You found yourself an exceptional man.
”
Stella responded modestly, “I’m flattered.
Doreen exaggerates.
My husband is just an ordinary man with a family business.
”
Doreen added, “Stella’s husband is very capable, but Stella herself is outstanding.
When Prosperity Group started its clothing department, it was Stella’s designs that opened up the domestic market.
Her work caught Mrs.
Burke’s eye, and she was the first designer in this country to collaborate with Mia.
”
Doreen listed Stella’s accomplishments with admiration shining in her eyes.
Stella, embarrassed by the praise, smiled.
“I’ve just been lucky.
”
Doreen disagreed.
“Stella is too modest.
Achievements like these come from skill, not just mere Luck.
”
###chapter1827
Alissa agreed.
“Doreen is right.
You truly are exceptional.
”
Stella thanked them with a smile and hesitated before turning to Alissa, looking slightly nervous.
“I’ve admired your work since I saw it firsthand last time and would love to learn from you to enrich my design skills.
Would you consider taking me on as a student?”
She was afraid her request would be outright rejected, especially with the recent rumors about her on the internet.
However, Alissa was unfazed by the rumors.
She smiled.
“If you’re eager to learn, I’d be happy to teach you.
I want to pass on this technique to future generations.
”
Speaking of that, she suddenly sighed with sadness.
Stella turned to Doreen, only to see that Doreen also looked confused.
Alissa lowered her eyes and said in a low voice, “When I was young, I had a best friend.
We studied together.
I majored in embroidery techniques, and she was very talented in design.
She could turn any piece of fabric into a work of art as long as she touched it.
”
She paused for a moment, and her lips curved into a faint smile.
“At that time, we two worked together.
She would always leave a space for me to embroider patterns in each of her works.
We cooperated for several years, and outsiders thought we were the best partners.
We also felt we could work best together, so we agreed to open a studio after graduation.
But later…”
Alissa suddenly stopped as if she thought of something.
The smile on her lips disappeared, and her expression darkened.
Stella waited for a while.
However, Alissa didn’t continue her story anymore.
Stella was so immersed in yearning for this beautiful friendship that she didn’t notice the change in Alissa’s expression.
She subconsciously asked, “What happened next?”
Alissa smiled bitterly.
“As soon as we graduated, she got married and got pregnant.
So, our plan was delayed.
”
As she spoke, there was an obvious sadness in her eyes.
She probably felt sorry for her best friend.
Stella sensed something was wrong with Alissa’s expression when she mentioned her best friend.
But Stella couldn’t figure out why.
Perhaps Alissa felt sad for her best friend, who chose to give up on their shared dream.
But since Alissa thought highly of her friend’s skill, then that person must be very talented.
Stella thought for a while.
Then, she said solemnly, “Getting married and having children are
part of life’s experiences.
If your best friend is willing to continue to work, she can come to Prosperity Group or my studio.
But my humble studio is small.
It might not be good enough to match her talent.
However, the salary will surely be good.
”
Stella believed that with the help of such an outstanding talent, her studio would surely prosper.
She thought of this offer because she didn’t want such kind of talent to be wasted.
However, the expression on Alissa’s face changed dramatically when she heard Stella’s offer, but she didn’t say anything.
Stella’s impression of Alissa was that she was gentle and kind.
She rarely showed such an expression.
So, Stella couldn’t help but ask, “Did anything happen…”
“Stella…” Doreen hurriedly stopped Stella and joked, “This place is so nice.
Let’s stop talking about work, okay? I’ve worked hard all day, and I have been looking forward to a happy meal.
”
After saying this, she winked at Stella, hinting at her not to ask any more questions.
Stella noticed Doreen’s gaze, and she immediately understood what Doreen meant.
So, she wisely changed the topic.
They had a good meal, talking about some light topics.
After dinner, Stella offered to send Alissa home.
“I didn’t see you drive here.
I’ll drive you both home.
”
###chapter1828
Alissa shook her head.
“No, thanks.
We’re not on the same way, and my home is not far from here.
I’ll take a taxi.
But please send Doreen home.
She drank a little wine just now.
I’ll be worried if she goes home alone.
”
Stella nodded in agreement.
She waited for Alissa to get in a taxi before she took Doreen to her car.
On their way, Stella thought of what had happened just now.
She turned to Doreen and asked, “When Alissa told us about her best friend, why did you stop me from asking questions? Is this a sensitive topic?”
From now on, she and Alissa would have frequent contact.
It would be best to understand Alissa’s bottom line to avoid conflicts.
‘s BunnyBookery
Upon hearing that, Doreen became more somber.
She sighed and said, “Alissa’s best friend has died.
”
“Died? What do you mean?” Stella was taken aback.
She widened her eyes and said, “I understand now.
It’s my fault.
I won’t bring it up again.
”
“It’s okay if you’re mot aware.
Alissa won’t be bothered by it.
Whenever Alissa brought it up, she’d get melancholy.
” Doreen sighed.
“Alissa’s best friend was very skilled in design.
If she were still alive, she’d be a master of it.
”
Doreen appeared to know a lot about Alissa’s best friend.
Stella, growing curious, asked, “Did you ever meet her?”
Shaking her head, Doreen said, “No, Alissa’s friend died a long time ago.
She passed before Alissa became my teacher, but Alissa kept some of her design sketches.
I’ve seen them.
Even though they were created many years ago, they are still cutting-edge.
They’re truly remarkable.
“
Stella’s curiosity sparked up after listening to Doreen talking about Alissa’s best friend.
It seemed Doreen remembered something and suddenly said, “Her design style reminds me a bit of yours.
”
Seeing the humor in it, Stella shook her head with a smile and said, “You must’ve thought too highly of me.
I wouldn’t even try to compare myself with Alissa’s best friend.
”
Alissa’s best friend was clearly a master, while Stella considered herself a beginner.
“Really, you’re just as good as she was.
If you ever see those sketches, you’ll agree with me,” Doreen said firmly.
Doreen sounded really serious, but Stella wasn’t convinced at all.
She said nonchalantly, “Okay.
”
She didn’t take the compliment to heart.
Doreen seemed to really look up to her.
People often put their trust in those they admire without question.
Stella always kept her expectations of herself modest, aware that she still had much to learn.
Once Stella dropped Doreen off home, she headed back to Prosper Bay.
As she stepped out of the car, Fernando tagged along.
###chapter1829
Stella turned around to face him.
Noticing her puzzled look, Fernando said, “I need to speak with Mr.
Clark.
”
At that moment, Matthew arrived.
Matthew stepped out of his car and approached Stella.
Casually, he wrapped his arm around her waist and asked, “Is the dinner over? How did your conversation with Alissa go?”
Stella answered truthfully, “It went well.
”
She glanced at Fernando and said, “Fernando has something to discuss with you.
I’ll leave you two to talk.
I’m heading upstairs to take a shower.
”
She gently moved Matthew’s hand and gave the men some space.
Matthew and Fernando headed to the study.
Upon entering, Matthew removed his suit jacket, placed it on a hanger, rolled up his sleeves, and asked Fernando, “How’s the investigation going?”
Fernando bowed his head slightly and said, “The person sending the money to those rumor-mongers is quite elusive.
They’ve been exchanging funds in different currencies, making it hard to trace the final transaction.
”
Matthew paused, his brow furrowed, and then he asked, “And how is the investigation concerning Elizabeth going?”
He had always been wary of Elizabeth.
“Elizabeth’s phone records are completely clean.
She’s only been in touch with her father in Dorburn.
Nothing special.
”
After a moment of thought, Matthew asked further, “What is her father’s name?”
Fernando said, “Kristian.
He’s a modest businessman with a good reputation in Dorburn.
He and Bella are a perfect match.
”
After Fernando left, Matthew took a look at the information he had gathered.
Kristian was indeed a low-key individual; there were very few news articles about him.
The only scant pieces that mentioned him involved his charitable activities with Bella.
Matthew scrutinized the documents carefully but found nothing unusual.
Setting them aside, he returned to his room.
It was late at night.
Lying in bed, Stella closed her eyes, her mind preoccupied with the results of the paternity test.
During the day, she could brush aside the bitterness, but at night, the disappointment felt more profound.
Matthew tiptoed to the bedside.
Seeing her curled up and awake, he flicked on the light.
“Can’t sleep?” he asked gently.
The sudden brightness made Stella squint.
After adjusting, she sat up, lea
ned against Matthew’s chest, and said softly, “Maybe I’d been keeping my hopes up before.
Since the results came out, I’ve felt lost.
”
She had once considered Bella, whom she always admired, as her mother.
###chapter1830
Each time she saw Bella, a familiar sensation convinced her of a possible parent-child connection.
Unfortunately, reality had other plans.
Matthew stroked her back and whispered, “It’s my fault.
I should have confirmed everything before getting your hopes up.
If I hadn’t, you wouldn’t be this upset now.
”
Stella looked up at his weary face and shook her head.
“It’s not your fault.
I just wanted it too much,” she murmured.
She lowered her gaze and clasped Matthew’s hand.
“Don’t stress about it.
It’s been a long time, and even my grandfather has forgotten the details.
Finding someone who disappeared so many years ago is never easy.
We need to be patient.
”
Her words were as much for herself as they were for Matthew.
Matthew looked at her.
Under his gaze, Stella forced a smile and added, “And I’ve also gained a lot.
After all, my skill has been recognized by Bella and I’ve got the opportunity to learn from her.
It’s not all a loss.
”
Matthew could tell she was just putting on a brave face.
The more she spoke, the more he sympathized with her plight.
He held Stella’s hand reassuringly and said, “Don’t be discouraged.
As long as we keep following the clues, we will find your mother as soon as possible.
”
“Okay,” Stella replied softly, her voice barely above a whisper, indicating her dwindling hope.
Matthew comforted her and shifted the conversation.
“Do you remember any conversations
when you were with Haley? Did she mention anyone, like a boyfriend?”
He had revisited the circumstances of Haley’s death several times and something about it seemed off.
To uncover the truth, finding this mysterious man could be the key breakthrough.
Stella thought for a moment before responding, “I haven’t heard her mention any man.
I didn’t feel inclined to get close to her; she was always on guard with me and never shared much about her personal life.
I’m just relieved that my mother isn’t her.
.
”
Her gaze then shifted toward Matthew with a hint of curiosity.
Matthew seldom brought up Haley.
Why was he discussing her so earnestly today?
“Was there anything wrong with her?” Stella frowned.
She had witnessed Haley’s death; there shouldn’t have been any doubts.
“Nothing specific.
I just thought there was something odd about her death at the time, so I asked,” Matthew replied casually, trying to prevent Stella from worrying further.
He embraced her gently and comforted, “I’ll look into it later.
Don’t think too much about it now.
It’s late; try to get some sleep.
”
In Matthew’s arms, Stella felt a profound sense of security.
A wave of sleepiness gradually washed over her, and she nestled into a comfortable position, closed her eyes, and slowly drifted off to sleep.
Matthew turned to gaze at her peaceful face, but his mind was still preoccupied with the day’s events.
###chapter1831
The following day, not long after he arrived at the office, Fernando knocked on his door.
Standing there, Fernando announced, “Mr.
Clark, Elizabeth wants to see you.
”
With Matthew’s permission, Fernando led Elizabeth into the office.
He then closed the door and left them alone.
Matthew offered her no greeting, his gaze cold and distant.
He didn’t invite her to sit.
Undeterred by his indifference, Elizabeth launched into a carefully worded explanation.
“I heard rumors about Stella in Dorburn.
The situation’s gotten out of hand.
I wanted to help, but people are quick to believe rumors.
”
Matthew cut her off, impatience lacing his voice.
“Get to the point.
My time is valuable.
Speak your mind.
”
Her frustration bubbled at his interruption, but she forced it down.
Lowering her voice, she said, “I understand the importance of the Dorburn market.
The online negativity must be hurting your customer base there.
So, I used my connections to help you get a few orders.
”
She extended a cooperation contract toward him.
She’d expected he wouldn’t accept it, so she had prepared a persuasive speech, but Matthew simply took the document without a word.
A flicker of pride crossed Elizabeth’s face.
Matthew skimmed the contract, seemingly engrossed.
Her happiness bloomed.
She kept her voice bashful.
“Securing these new clients took considerable effort.
They’re willing to trust Prosperity Group, on my account.
But there’s a condition… We need to replace Stella as project manager.
”
She harbored no doubt that Matthew would agree.
After all, he was a businessman.
He wouldn’t refuse such a clear advantage.
Placing the contract back on the desk, Matthew met her gaze.
“Why are you doing this for my company, Elizabeth? We have no personal connection.
I need to know your motives.
”
The question caught her off guard.
She’d convinced herself he understood her intentions.
Now, faced with his directness, she was at a loss for words.
She stammered, “I just…”
Before she could fabricate an answer, Matthew’s voice cut through the tension.
“Regardless of your motivations, remember: Stella is my wife.
This project is hers.
No financial gain could outweigh her well-being.
You don’t need to worry about the Dorburn losses.
I can handle them.
”
He discarded the contract like unwanted trash.
Elizabeth’s heart clenched.
The depth of Matthew’s loyalty to Stella sparked a surge of anger within her.
Elizabeth took a deep breath, trying to stay calm.
“The negative posts and canceled orders might not cripple Prosperity Group.
But the losses are significant.
Now, there’s a fantastic opportunity right in front of you.
Are you sure you want to pass on it?”
“What I do isn’t your concern.
If there’s nothing else, please head out,” he replied politely, but his tone was firm.
His voice turned colder.
“Now that you have a boyfriend, just behave yourself.
You don’t want everything you’ve done exposed, do you?”
###chapter1832
Elizabeth clenched her fists, anger boiling.
Matthew was unfazed by her anger.
He then called Fernando to escort her out.
Gritting her teeth, Elizabeth retorted, “You’re blinded by this so-called love! You’ll regret trampling all over my good intentions sooner or later.
Just wait, I’ll make you come crawling back!”
She turned, only to encounter Fernando at the door.
With a cold snort, she stormed out.
Furious after leaving Prosperity Group, Elizabeth got in her car and shut the door with a bang.
Matthew’s indifference and contempt only fueled her anger.
The progress in Dorburn was agonizingly slow.
All that effort seemed pointless; they hadn’t even scratched Stella.
At this rate, Elizabeth had no idea when she’d finally get her revenge.
‘s BunnyBookery
Suddenly, a name popped into her head.
She reached for her phone and dialed a number.
As Stella was sketching, her computer kept buzzing with incoming messages.
Initially, she ignored them, but as she moved to silence the alerts, her name flashed across the screen, catching her eye.
Instinctively, she clicked on it, only to find herself the target of harsh words and ridicule.
“Stella? Does anyone even want her designs anymore? She’s notorious for bullying people around Seamarsh.
”
“Yeah.
And worse, she uses her status as the CEO’s wife at Prosperity Group to intimidate the younger talents.
She blocks their paths in the design world.
”
“Seriously, how bold! Aren’t you scared the legal team at Prosperity Group will come after you for speaking up? So terrifying…”
It seemed as though there was a deliberate effort to skew public perception against her.
The web was awash with defamation, and someone had even twisted the story about Devyn to use against her.
Stella hadn’t anticipated that before they could find out the person behind the rumor-mongers in Dorburn, there would already be trouble brewing back home.
Her expression grew stern as she rushed to find Matthew, needing to devise a plan.
Upon entering the office, she saw Fernando there as well.
She nodded briefly at him before turning to Matthew, her voice tense with concern.
“Have you seen what they’re saying about me online?”
Matthew narrowed his eyes and nodded slowly.
“I was discussing this with Fernando.
”
He had intended to keep it from Stella, but now, it was clear he couldn’t conceal it any longer.
He glanced at Fernando and replied softly, “Tell us everything you’ve uncovered.
”
Stella turned to Fernando as well.
In a composed voice, Fernando revealed, “The source of the rumor at home has been identified.
It was Rylie.
”
“Rylie?” Stella echoed, her voice tinged with disbelief.
Matthew was equally taken aback.
Neither had considered Rylie capable of such deception.
They believed the issue was resolved when they dismissed Rylie without banning her from the industry.
Yet, here she was, stirring chaos once again.
###chapter1833
“We’ve confirmed it’s Rylie.
What’s our next move?” Fernando inquired.
Matthew looked to Stella.
“This affects you the most.
What do you want to do?”
Stella’s response was immediate and decisive.
“Call the police.
Let’s put an end to this.
”
“Just do what she says,” Matthew affirmed.
Fernando nodded and exited the office.
Matthew turned back to Stella and saw the lingering concern on her face.
“What’s on your mind?”
Stella frowned slightly.
“I’m trying to understand why Rylie would do this.
She must know it would backfire against her.
”
Matthew’s gaze deepened, clouded with thought.
“Getting an answer is simple.
”
It wasn’t until Matthew escorted her to the police station that Stella grasped his meaning.
At the station, Rylie confessed without reservation, “I did it.
So what? I despise Stella.
I want her to lose everything!”
Ever since Prosperity Group had let her go, Rylie found it impossible to secure a respectable job in Seamarsh.
No one would take her on.
She laughed with a touch of madness.
“I was out of options.
I couldn’t stand seeing Stella happy.
She has only herself to blame.
”
When the police finished questioning her and led her out, they crossed paths with Stella at the doorway.
‘s BunnyBookery
Rylie stopped, a sneer curling her lip.
“Mrs.
Clark, what brings you to the police station? Couldn’t wait to see me locked up?”
Stella, not in the mood for a confrontation, asked earnestly, “Why did you do it?”
Rylie retorted, “I’ve already told the police everything.
Weren’t you listening?”
Stella fixed her with a steady look.
“I want the real reason.
”
Rylie’s expression hardened.
Undeterred, Stella pressed on, “I’m no saint.
I have no sympathy for those who harm me.
But I don’t want to see an innocent person behind bars.
If there’s more to your story, I need you to tell it now.
”
At Stella’s words, Rylie blinked, a flicker of guilt passing over her face.
Rylie stared up at Stella, determination etched into her gaze.
“What more is there to the story? I just despise you, that’s all.
You did nothing but marry a wealthy man.
How is it that you lead such a charmed life, while I struggle to land a job after Leaving Prosperity Group?”
Perceiving that Rylie was unwilling to reveal the true reasons, Stella decided it was futile to continue the conversation.
“If that’s how you feel, we’ll let the law sort it out.
”
With that, she walked out of the police station, accompanied by Matthew.
###chapter1834
Once back in the car, Stella felt even more troubled than before.
It was then that her phone buzzed.
It was a string of excited messages from Doreen urging her to check the internet immediately.
Puzzled yet curious, Stella followed Doreen’s instructions.
The moment she accessed the website, a post from Alissa caught her eye.
On the social media platform, Alissa had confirmed that she was the one who had embroidered the pattern on Margery’s custom dress.
Netizens quickly uncovered a slew of accolades Alissa had garnered, including numerous international awards.
That was when it dawned on everyone that this embroiderer was far from an unknown.
She was a master in her field.
The moment Alissa’s achievements hit the headlines, it sparked a sensation both domestically and internationally.
Stella’s designs came under the spotlight once again, and some prominent designers started praising her innovative work.
The topic’s popularity surged, and some even managed to prove Stella’s innocence in the controversy involving Devyn.
Suddenly, the online sentiment shifted dramatically from criticism to commendation.
Numerous netizens offered apologies to Stella for their previous harsh words.
Stella had not anticipated Alissa would speak out on her behalf.
Overwhelmed, she immediately phoned Doreen.
Doreen’s voice brimmed with excitement.
“Stella, have you seen the buzz online? You’re getting all the praise now.
Those critics have nothing to say anymore.
”
With a grateful smile, Stella responded, “Thank you so much.
Could you please extend my thanks to Alissa as well? I owe her a dinner to properly express my gratitude.
”
“It’s all good,” Doreen replied.
“Alissa mentioned it was no big deal.
She just couldn’t stand seeing you unfairly maligned like that.
She’s usually so calm, but today’s news really got to her.
”
Stella told Doreen, “Alissa is such a talented and kind person, I feel honored to have her care about me.
”
In reality, her acquaintance with Alissa was relatively brief; they hadn’t spent much time
together.
Nonetheless, Alissa had shown concern for her well-being and had even become upset when Stella was unfairly criticized.
Stella’s gratitude toward Alissa deepened as a result.
Once the call ended, Stella’s spirits had lifted considerably.
She grinned, took Matthew’s hand, and rested against his shoulder.
With a sigh, she remarked, “Despite all the troubles lately, I often feel quite fortunate.
It seems I always manage to find a silver lining.
This time, even though I was maligned, I gained a wonderful friend in Alissa, a truly kind senior.
And thankfully, the rumors have finally ceased.
I’m safe now.
”
Matthew gently squeezed her cheek, responding, “Sure, luck plays its role, but it’s really about your talent and resilience.
”
With a steady voice, he added, “Your own efforts turned the tide online, not just Alissa’s support.
”
Blushing at his compliment, Stella gazed up at Matthew and caressed his cheek.
“You’ve really been through a lot for me recently…”
As they were talking, Neville called Matthew.
“Are you free tonight? Can we meet?”
###chapter1835
“Stella, come join us.
It’s been ages since we last caught up!”
Miley’s voice called out on the other end of the phone.
Stella, recognizing Miley’s voice, realized how long it had indeed been since they last spoke.
Busy with life ever since Matthew’s recovery, Stella had missed spending time with Miley.
Having just resolved a significant issue, she was eager to share her happiness and readily accepted the invitation.
By the time Stella and Matthew reached the restaurant’s private room, Neville and Miley were already there, waiting.
Miley’s eyes sparkled upon seeing Stella; she joyfully grabbed her arm and guided her to their table.
“Had I not dragged you out here, you might have forgotten all about me,” Miley teased.
“You know, even when you were overseas, it wasn’t this hard to meet up,” Miley playfully complained.
“Now, despite being in the same city, I have to schedule a time just to see you.
Is every moment of your day taken up by some troublesome man?”
She then turned to Matthew with a mock stern look.
“Mr.
Clark, you’re taking things a bit too far!”
Stella’s spirits lifted under Miley’s cheerful influence.
“Really, it’s not Matthew’s fault.
I’ve just been swamped lately,” she apologized genuinely.
Miley, aware of Stella’s recent challenges, huffed playfully.
“Well, considering everything you’ve been through recently, I’ll let it slide this time.
”
As the meal was served, Stella and Miley caught up on recent events.
Seizing the moment, Neville gestured to Matthew, and the two men excused themselves to a quieter corner.
“We’ve stumbled onto something important,” Neville disclosed to Matthew.
Matthew’s expression darkened, a silent signal for him to continue.
“The man who reached out to Haley is named Fenton Hayes,” Neville murmured.
He paused, his expression growing anxious.
“But there’s something odd.
We discovered his
name, yet we couldn’t unearth any other details about him.
It’s as if he doesn’t exist-no photos, nothing.
”
Matthew’s brow furrowed.
“It’s clear they’re exceedingly cautious.
We need to probe deeper.
I suspect ‘Fenton Hayes’ isn’t his real name.
”
Neville nodded in agreement.
“Exactly.
I’ll keep searching.
I’m determined to uncover the man who manipulated Haley.
”
Matthew remained silent.
He was lost in thought before adding, “Also, keep an eye on Kristian.
”
Neville looked puzzled.
“Who’s Kristian?”
Matthew quickly filled him in.
“He’s Elizabeth’s father and Bella’s husband.
”
Neville’s eyes slightly widened in surprise.
“Do you think he might be involved?”
Matthew offered no reply, and Neville tactfully dropped the subject.
###chapter1836
Meanwhile, upon hearing of Rylie’s arrest, Elizabeth also noted a shift in online sentiment.
Public opinion now overwhelmingly supported Stella, with some even speculating that someone might be attempting to frame her.
In a fit of rage, Elizabeth swept everything off the table, the items crashing to the floor.
Muttering under her breath, she scorned, “Rylie, such a worthless woman.
I paid her handsomely for one simple task, and yet she messed it up.
”
She leaned heavily on the table, her eyes boring into the wood.
As she reflected on her efforts, it dawned on her that they hadn’t even scratched Stella; rather, they inadvertently boosted her popularity.
This realization inflamed her anger further.
To make matters worse, being ridiculed by Matthew in Prosperity Group only deepened her bitterness.
Determined not to concede, Elizabeth refused to accept defeat.
“I have to tarnish Stella’s reputation,” she muttered firmly, pondering her next move.
However, before she could hatch a new plan, her phone rang.
It was Kristian.
With impatience simmering, Elizabeth was about to speak when Kristian’s frantic voice cut through.
“Something’s gone wrong!”
His alarmed tone made her frown, and she queried sharply, “Now what?”
Kristian, too agitated for pleasantries, responded gravely, “Someone’s looking into Haley.
”
Elizabeth furrowed her brow and said, “It’s been a long time.
Haley’s long gone.
Who’s going to look into this woman now?”
Kristian shared her bewilderment.
“I’m not sure.
What’s our next move?”
Her expression darkened as she snapped, “How can you even ask me that? This mess is your doing.
You were the one who insisted we involve her.
And now, even in death, she’s causing us problems.
”
After venting her frustration, Elizabeth’s tone turned icy.
“Sort this out quickly.
If they unearth
anything about us, I won’t let you off the hook.
”
Kristian tried to soothe the situation.
“It might not be as bad as you think.
I was always careful around Haley.
They shouldn’t have anything on us.
”
Elizabeth clenched her teeth, muttering, “They better not.
”
Silence fell between them for a moment before Kristian speculated, “Could Matthew have someone on it?”
“Matthew?” she echoed.
Kristian elaborated, “Yes, it was all very hush-hush.
Without my connections, I wouldn’t have even known.
Matthew’s the only one capable of that.
”
Recalling how Rylie was apprehended the moment she acted, Elizabeth realized she must have been marked beforehand.
The thought sent a shiver down her spine, and she warned Kristian sternly, “Keep a low profile for now.
Don’t make any moves.
”
“When did you start being so cautious? Or is it fear that Matthew will hold you accountable for your actions?” Kristian remarked with a sneer.
“The timing couldn’t be more perfect.
Shouldn’t we seize the moment to push forward? We should handle Stella first, and then have Bella return to Dorburn.
You women always hesitate.
”
###chapter1837
His arrogant demeanor elicited a laugh from Elizabeth.
“Fool, do you really think you’re the smartest in the world?”
Elizabeth retorted sharply, her voice icy.
“I sometimes wonder if you’re just clueless.
Getting rid of Stella won’t be as easy as you think.
Do you honestly believe Matthew won’t protect her? He’s already wary of us.
Any move we make now, and he’ll catch us in the act.
Didn’t you consider that?”
Elizabeth’s harsh words left Kristian speechless, subdued into a prolonged silence.
“And if Stella was so simple to handle, why would we be exerting all this effort? You’re such a simpleton.
If you’re so eager to meet your end, go ahead, but leave me out of it,” she continued relentlessly.
Subdued, Kristian muttered, “Are you really okay with giving up just like that?”
Elizabeth scoffed, “Stella’s done harboring any delusions about Bella after the paternity test.
There’s no need for us to risk exposure now.
We’ll find our moment.
Meanwhile, I’ll keep urging Bella to come home.
Stop overestimating yourself.
”
Before Elizabeth could intervene, Bella had already arranged to meet with Stella on the following day.
They met at a local café.
Stella was visibly taken aback by Bella’s unexpected visit, a mix of surprise and nervous delight evident on her face.
Despite the revelation that Bella was not her biological mother, Stella cherished their moments together.
Once settled, Stella inquired softly, “What brings you here today?”
Bella replied with a hint of regret, “I owe you an apology.
I let some unfounded rumors cloud my judgment recently.
I’m truly sorry about that.
”
Stella dismissed her concerns with a swift wave of her hand.
“Don’t worry about it.
I should have been more cautious, especially with such a significant project on the line.
I underestimated the risks involved and relied too heavily on one of my team members.
The oversight was mine.
”
Bella’s face lit up with relief.
“I’m relieved to hear you say that.
”
She leaned in slightly, locking eyes with Stella, and continued, “There’s actually another reason I wanted to see you today.
I’ve made up my mind about the studio.
I want you to take over.
Are you still interested?”
“Are you asking me to take over your studio?” Stella echoed Bella’s words, her voice filled with surprise.
She had thought, after all the recent upheavals, that Bella had abandoned the idea of appointing a successor.
Stella hadn’t anticipated being chosen herself.
Anxious about the unexpected offer, Stella asked, “Why the sudden decision?”
Bella responded with a gentle smile, “I intended to announce this after your wedding, but unforeseen circumstances have caused a delay.
”
Appreciation shone in her eyes as she regarded Stella.
“I’ve always admired your skills and your handling of recent events has only reinforced my decision.
I am certain you are the right choice for my successor.
If you’re willing, I’m ready to teach you everything I know.
”
Stella’s eyes lit up, her heart racing as she managed to say, “Of course! Thank you so much for this incredible opportunity.
I will do my best not to let you down!”
Bella was delighted to see Stella’s enthusiasm.
“I plan to…” Bella began, about to discuss when she would make the announcement public, but suddenly, she felt dizzy.
###chapter1838
She pressed her temples as the sharp pain intensified; her face drained of color and sweat formed on her brow.
It was evident her condition was deteriorating.
Stella, noticing Bella’s distress, expressed her concern.
“What’s wrong? Are you feeling alright?”
Struggling against the dizziness, Bella looked up at Stella and assured her weakly, “I’m fine…”
The effort seemed to drain her of energy.
She paused to gather herself before motioning toward her bag.
“Could you grab my medicine from there? It’s Likely just a flare-up of a chronic issue.
I should feel better after taking my medication.
”
Hearing this, Stella quickly retrieved Bella’s bag.
Inside, she found only one medicine bottle, which had no label or instructions.
This absence of details made Stella uneasy.
After a brief hesitation, she suggested to Bella, “Matthew has a friend who’s an excellent doctor.
Maybe you should see him for a check-up?”
Concerned that Bella might doubt her motives as Elizabeth had, Stella quickly added, “I’ve noticed you’ve been feeling unwell a lot recently.
You’re always taking medicines that don’t seem to help much.
Overmedicating can have side effects and harm your health.
Why not get a thorough check-up to find the right treatment?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Bella, feeling increasingly unwell, realized Stella’s advice was sound.
After a moment’s reflection, she agreed.
“I’ll ask Elizabeth to go to the hospital with me tomorrow.
”
Stella’s brow furrowed at the mention of Elizabeth.
She recalled that Elizabeth had previously discouraged Bella from seeing a doctor.
Worried that Bella’s condition could worsen, Stella pressed, “We’re both free today.
The sooner you’re examined, the better for your peace of mind.
There’s no need to wait.
Elizabeth has her own matters to attend to; let me accompany you instead.
”
Bella hesitated, caught off guard by the suggestion.
Stella earnestly added, “I’ll be taking over your studio, and I care about you.
Don’t you trust me? It’s also my responsibility to ensure you’re well.
”
Finally convinced, Bella nodded her agreement.
“Thank you, Stella.
That’s very thoughtful of you.
”
Privately, Bella felt relieved at the prospect of not involving Elizabeth, preventing her from further intruding into Stella’s affairs with Matthew.
With Bella’s consent, Stella wasted no time in reaching out to Matthew, quickly briefing him on the situation.
“Please arrange for Cordell to see Bella today for a check-up.
I trust no one else with this.
”
Matthew immediately agreed, asking for their location to pick them up.
“Where are you now? I’ll come and take you to the hospital.
”
Stella provided their current address, and after hanging up, Matthew got in touch with Cordell to brief him on the situation.
“Okay, I’ll set it up mow.
Come whenever you’re ready,” Cordell assured him.
Just before ending the call, Matthew added, “While you’re at it, let’s redo the paternity test for Bella and Stella.
”
###chapter1839
“Don’t worry, I’ve got it covered,” Cordell responded, his tone turning serious as he grasped the gravity of the request.
Matthew then collected Stella and Bella from the coffee shop and they hurried to the hospital.
The drive was quiet; Bella and Stella were anxious about the upcoming examination, while Matthew was preoccupied with thoughts about the paternity test.
When they arrived at the hospital, Cordell immediately took Bella for the examination with a trusted colleague.
As Bella was led away, Stella instinctively grasped Matthew’s hand.
Her hand was cold, and Matthew, sensing her anxiety, gently rubbed it to provide comfort.
“Are you worried?” he asked softly.
Stella nodded, speaking softly.
“I really hope she’ll be alright.
Even though she isn’t my mother, I’ve grown very fond of her.
Beyond just admiration, I find a sense of peace whenever we’re together.
”
However, thoughts of Bella’s recent decline in both physical and mental health filled her with deep concern.
“Don’t worry too much; it’s just a routine check-up.
Everything will be fine, especially with Cordell overseeing it.
If necessary, we can bring in specialists from abroad.
We’ll make sure nothing serious happens to Bella.
”
Stella felt a wave of relief wash over her at Matthew’s comforting words.
“She has to be okay.
I still have so much to learn from her about design.
”
“What?” Matthew asked, looking puzzled.
Stella then realized she hadn’t shared her news with him.
“Bella came to me today to name me as the successor of her design studio.
”
Matthew’s expression brightened.
“That’s a testament to your hard work and Bella’s trust in you.
It’s a crucial time for her studio, so don’t worry, she will be okay.
”
Reassured by Matthew’s words, Stella managed a relaxed smile as they waited outside the
examination room.
However, the wait felt excruciatingly long, each minute stretching out endlessly as Stella’s anxiety mounted.
Finally, Cordell emerged from the examination room with Bella, his expression grave.
Stella’s heart raced as she approached them quickly.
“How did the examination go? Are there any results yet? Is something wrong?”
Her worry was so intense that she rapidly fired off three questions in succession.
Cordell seemed hesitant to speak, glancing at Bella.
“You can be open with me,” Bella insisted, her voice steady despite the worry in her eyes.
“I’ve faced many challenges in my life; I’m prepared for whatever this is.
”
Taking a deep breath, Cordell disclosed, “You’re in good health, but there is one concern.
We found traces of an unusual drug in your system, and it’s at a high concentration.
”
The others frowned at the news.
Stella, with a serious tone, asked, “What is it? What effect does it have on the human body?”
“I don’t know yet,” Cordell replied.
“We need to do further tests to find out.
But judging by Bella’s symptoms, I suspect her headache might be related to this medicine.
”
###chapter1840
After saying that, he turned to Bella and asked, “Have you been taking any mental medicine recently?”
Bella was shocked by the question.
Cordell seemed to think there was something wrong with the medicine she was using, but how could that be possible?
Frowning, Bella asked, “Could there be a mistake in the test results? I had an accident before, and since then, I’ve been having headaches.
I’ve been taking the medicine prescribed by my family doctor, and it was very effective…”
She paused, recalling how different she had felt after taking the medicine lately.
Her memory and emotions fluctuated wildly-sometimes they were good, sometimes bad, and at times, it felt as if they were being controlled by someone else.
“Have you recalled anything unusual?” Cordell noticed her pensive expression and asked, “If you don’t mind, can I see the medicine prescribed by your family doctor? That way, I can make a judgment and determine what kind of examination you need.
”
Without hesitation, Bella took out the medicine bottle and said, “I’ve been taking this medicine all along.
A good sleep after taking it can reduce the headache, but the symptoms of the recent episode are stronger than before.
The doctor asked me to increase the dose.
”
Cordell poured out two pills from the bottle and examined them closely.
With his bare eyes, he couldn’t see anything unusual about the medicine.
He turned to Bella and asked, “Can I take a pill for testing?”
Bella trusted him completely.
She had come to get checked, and since there was a potential issue, she decided it was best to find out.
She didn’t refuse his request.
While Cordell took the pill for testing, Bella and the others waited outside for the results.
Bella continued to reflect on her recent mood swings, especially that night when Stella came to her.
She had been overly emotional and likely said something harsh.
But now, she couldn’t even remember her exact words.
She only recalled that her attitude had been poor.
As she reflected on it, she realized she had quickly dismissed Stella without even hearing her out.
The more she thought about it, the more she felt something was wrong.
She hadn’t been herself at all during those moments.
Did the family doctor do something to her medicine?
But why? For his own selfish desire?
Bella clenched her fists, her knuckles turning white.
Seeing her silent, Stella assumed Bella was worried about her health.
Stella sat down next to Bella and comforted her in a soft voice, “Don’t be afraid.
Since Cordell said you are in good health, there must be nothing serious.
The medicine is being tested, and we’ll figure out the problem.
Soon, we’ll prescribe the right medicine, and you’ll recover.
”
Bella nodded, forcing a smile, but said nothing.
###chapter1841
About an hour later, Cordell emerged with the examination report in his hand.
The look on his face was even more serious than before.
Stella’s pulse quickened, a rush of anxiety flooding her senses.
Bella, her nerves frayed, blurted out, “Have the test results arrived? Is there anything concerning?”
Cordell furrowed his brow, directing his inquiry to Bella.
“Is this medication truly prescribed by your family physician? Could it have come from another source?”
Bella pondered for a moment, and then shook her head definitively.
“No, it’s impossible.
Only my daughter and I have access to this medication.
”
“In that case, it’s indeed peculiar,” Cordell remarked, his voice weighed down with concern.
Bella’s voice wavered with uncertainty.
“Is there something wrong?”
“We’ve discovered illicit substances in the medication.
Prolonged use can lead to mental health issues,” Cordell answered, his tone somber.
‘s BunnyBookery
“What? How is that possible?” Stella exclaimed, her disbelief palpable.
“Are you sure?”
She remembered that Elizabeth had complete trust in this family doctor.
Why would he jeopardize Bella’s well-being? What good would it do to him to hurt Bella?
Bella echoed Stella’s disbelief.
“How could this happen?”
Cordell handed her the report, his expression grave.
“Take a look for yourself.
”
Bella examined the report, her mind reeling.
“Could there be a mistake? I trust the doctor implicitly.
”
Shaking his head, Cordell replied, “I’ve double-checked the results multiple times.
If you doubt it, we can seek another opinion, but the outcome will likely be the same.
”
Overwhelmed, Bella collapsed, her faith shattered by the grim truth.
Stella rushed to Bella’s side, fearing she might faint from the shock.
“Bella, don’t dwell on it too much.
Now that we know what’s causing the symptoms, we can find a solution.
Cordell will know what to do.
”
Bella’s voice trembled with disbelief.
“It can’t be.
How could this happen? How could there be anything wrong with the medication?”
She couldn’t comprehend who would sabotage her health.
If it was the family doctor, why now? He had ample opportunities to tamper with the medication before.
An unsettling thought crossed Bella’s mind, but she pushed it away, unwilling to entertain it further.
The dizziness returned, leaving her incapacitated.
###chapter1842
Cordell was about to inquire further, but Matthew intervened, shaking his head subtly.
Cordell acquiesced, choosing silence instead.
After some time, Bella began to regain her composure, though the shock lingered.
Stella’s heart sank at the issue Bella was facing.
She asked Cordell, “Bella has been on this medication for a while, and recently, she’s been taking a significant amount of it.
Will this have a severe impact on her health? Do you have a treatment plan?”
Cordell’s expression was grave as he replied, “The drug has already had a significant impact on her.
Initially, it affected her mental state, but if she continues taking it, it could cause serious damage to her brain’s nerves.
The consequences could be dire.
However, it’s not too late.
It seems the damage to her mental state isn’t irreversible yet.
If she stops taking the medication and undergoes treatment, there’s still hope for recovery.
”
Stella felt a wave of relief wash over her, realizing how fortunate they were to have brought Bella in for examination today.
If they had delayed any longer, the consequences could have been unimaginable.
“Thank you, Cordell.
Please do everything you can to help Bella,”
Stella said earnestly.
Cordell nodded solemnly.
“I will do my best.
”
Then he outlined the treatment plan to Bella, and she accepted it without hesitation.
“I’ll follow the doctor’s orders.
”
With everything sorted, Stella prepared to take Bella home.
‘s BunnyBookery
However, Matthew, who had been silent until now, spoke up suddenly.
“I suggest you keep this treatment plan from Elizabeth for now.
”
Bella’s face clouded with displeasure as she confronted Matthew, “What are you suggesting? Are you implying that Elizabeth drugged me?”
Matthew’s silence spoke volumes, his gaze confirming her suspicions.
With a chill in her voice, Bella retorted, “Elizabeth is my own flesh and blood.
She would never do such a thing.
”
Trying to soothe her, Stella interjected, “Take a moment to calm down.
Matthew doesn’t speak without thinking.
Maybe you should consider his perspective?”
Given the recent unsettling events, Stella herself harbored doubts about Elizabeth’s innocence.
Yet, she hesitated to voice these to Bella, knowing the pain it could cause.
She imagined the heartbreak Bella would endure upon discovering her daughter’s betrayal.
However, if Elizabeth was indeed the culprit, Bella’s safety was at risk as long as she remained under the same roof.
Since Matthew had broached the subject, it seemed prudent to clarify things and caution Bella.
Gradually, Bella’s anger subsided.
Matthew then Laid out his thoughts carefully.
“The only people who’ve had access to your medication are you, your daughter, and your family doctor.
If we eliminate you from the equation, the likely suspect is one of them.
There must be a motive behind this, though I’m not privy to the specifics of your family dynamics.
But given the impact on your health and your close living arrangement with Elizabeth, suspicion naturally falls on her.
It’s wise to stay alert.
”
###chapter1843
Bella absorbed this in silence, torn between disbelief and the unsettling patterns in Elizabeth’s recent behavior.
Could Elizabeth really be involved?
Seeing her hesitation, Matthew said, “If you’re unsure, maybe try sounding her out first.
I get where you’re coming from.
I hope I’m wrong about who’s to blame here.
”
Bella appreciated that Matthew was looking out for her.
She knew she shouldn’t let her emotions get the better of her.
After a moment’s reflection, she nodded and thanked him.
“I appreciate you arranging a doctor for me today.
I’ll keep a closer eye on things.
”
There were many aspects outsiders couldn’t assist with.
Ultimately, this was something she had to handle herself.
Matthew made his point and left it at that.
He dropped off Bella at her place and then went home with Stella.
On the way, Stella couldn’t contain her confusion.
“Could it really have been Elizabeth who did this? Bella is her own mother.
How could she?”
In Stella’s view, the idea that a daughter could so cruelly manipulate her mother was unfathomable.
Matthew responded evenly, “Not everyone holds familial ties in high regard, especially someone like Elizabeth.
Haven’t you already understood what she’s capable of doing?”
Stella looked down, acknowledging his point.
Matthew focused on the road ahead and replied, “If it really was Elizabeth, then it’s up to Bella to decide her next steps.
”
Stella exhaled deeply.
“I just hope we’re being overly cautious and that Elizabeth hasn’t really lost it.
”
As Bella returned to her place, she spotted Elizabeth engaged in a phone call in the living room.
Upon noticing her presence, Elizabeth abruptly ended the call and rushed over, her expression a mix of concern and anxiety.
“Mom, where have you been? Why didn’t you tell me you were going out? I was so worried! I even asked Andrew to help me find you,” Elizabeth exclaimed, her worry palpable.
Bella looked at Elizabeth with conflicted emotions.
While her daughter’s concern appeared genuine, Bella couldn’t shake the feeling that something was amiss.
Elizabeth had never shown such overt concern for her whereabouts before.
Despite her doubts, Bella couldn’t dismiss the fact that Elizabeth had grown up before her eyes.
Yet, Matthew’s suspicions lingered in her mind.
Lost in her thoughts, she stared at Elizabeth, who began to feel uneasy.
“Why are you staring at me like that? Is there something on my face?”
Bella snapped out of her reverie and shook her head.
Elizabeth persisted, “Where were you today? I’ve told you to rest at home since you’re not feeling well.
”
Elizabeth couldn’t shake the suspicion that Bella had secretly gone to see Stella again.
Otherwise, why would she be acting so secretive?
Bella chose not to disclose the truth to Elizabeth, simply replying, “Oh, I didn’t go anywhere important.
I felt fine today, so I just went out for a walk.
”
###chapter1844
Elizabeth harbored doubts, but she feared annoying Bella with too many inquiries.
“It’s good to get some fresh air, but you’ve been unwell lately.
You should remember to take me along next time, so I won’t worry,” she suggested.
Determined not to let her guard down, Elizabeth resolved to remain vigilant and keep a watchful eye on Bella in the future.
Bella acknowledged Elizabeth’s concern before cautiously broaching the topic of her mental state.
“I’ve been feeling mentally unstable lately.
I’m constantly worried that something might be wrong.
How about we go to the hospital for a check-up?” she proposed tentatively.
However, Elizabeth vehemently opposed the idea.
“Why would you want to go to the hospital? It’s not a pleasant place,” she retorted abruptly, realizing her tone was too harsh.
Awkwardly, she clarified, “I mean, you’re perfectly healthy.
Why bother going to the hospital? The doctor mentioned that your recent issues are likely due to stress and lack of sleep.
You should focus on reducing stress and getting more rest.
”
As Bella remained silent, Elizabeth rushed to elaborate further, “And you know how fragile you are, Mom.
Hospitals are teeming with bacteria, so it’s best to avoid unnecessary visits.
”
However, Bella’s suspicions grew with each word Elizabeth uttered, though she kept her doubts to herself.
“Maybe you’re right.
I’ll focus on getting some rest,” Bella conceded, masking her skepticism.
Relieved, Elizabeth affirmed, “Exactly.
I wouldn’t want to do anything to harm you.
”
Unaware of Bella’s doubt and disappointment, Elizabeth assumed she had successfully allayed her concerns.
Just as Elizabeth relaxed, Bella interjected, “The medication I’ve been taking has run out.
”
“Already? Didn’t I just give you a new bottle?” Elizabeth questioned instinctively.
Bella explained matter-of-factly, “Yes, but my headaches have been worsening lately.
And the doctor increased the dosage a few days ago, right? So, I finished it sooner than expected.
”
Elizabeth realized she had been preoccupied with Stella and hadn’t kept track of Bella’s medication.
“I understand.
I’ll arrange for more from the doctor,” she offered promptly.
Bella declined without hesitation.
“No.
Increasing the dosage hasn’t been effective.
Ask our family doctor to come to Seamarsh and assess my condition.
Perhaps a different medication is needed.
”
Elizabeth felt jittery.
She glanced at Bella’s face without realizing it, yet she couldn’t detect anything out of the ordinary.
“You might want to give it more time.
Sometimes, it can take a while for the medication to work,” Elizabeth said, encouraging Bella to keep using the medicine.
Bella remained firm, stating, “I understand my health condition.
The medicine isn’t helping.
I’ve been on it for quite some time, and it’s not worth continuing.
”
She fixed her gaze on Elizabeth and asked, “Aren’t you eager for my quick recovery?”
Elizabeth chuckled awkwardly.
“Of course I’m…”
Seeing Bella’s slight displeasure, she hastened to say, “No one desires your well-being more than I do.
I wish for you to remain healthy and be by my side.
”
Nonetheless, Bella’s expression remained unchanged even after Elizabeth spoke.
Elizabeth conceded, “If you believe consulting the family doctor is best, I’ll contact him immediately.
”
Bella nodded and said, “Please reach out to him quickly.
I’m feeling a bit fatigued.
I’ll head to bed now.
”
###chapter1845
With that, she ascended the stairs to her room.
As she made her way back to her room, Bella’s expression turned serious.
Elizabeth’s response led Bella to wonder if the illicit substances in the medication were somehow related to her.
Nevertheless, she held onto a faint hope regarding Elizabeth.
Perhaps she was overthinking the situation.
Once Bella vanished from view, Elizabeth hurried back to her own room.
She felt perplexed, and she found herself pacing back and forth.
What prompted Bella’s desire to see the family doctor all of a sudden?
After pondering for an extended period of time, she couldn’t come to a conclusion.
Concerned about the potential exposure of the drugging incident, she called Kristian to strategize.
Upon connecting the call, she promptly briefed him on the situation.
“She never indicated a desire to change medications before.
This sudden request is quite unusual.
How should we proceed?”
Kristian paused briefly before responding gravely, “Stay calm.
There’s no need to panic.
Since there have been no issues in the past, she won’t discover anything now.
Perhaps she simply believes the medication isn’t effective.
”
Elizabeth recollected the events and remarked, “She left the house earlier today, and her demeanor drastically changed upon her return.
I suspect she visited Stella.
It’s possible Stella said something that aroused her suspicion.
”
Kristian’s voice carried seriousness as he advised, “Stay composed.
Even if Stella did influence her, our priority is dispelling her doubts.
After all, the doctor is on our side.
There’s no need to fear his change of allegiance.
I’ll accompany the doctor, ensuring we maintain control over the situation.
”
Elizabeth found solace in his words, although she remained anxious.
After ending the call, she contacted the doctor immediately.
‘s BunnyBookery
She sent a message to the doctor, requesting an increase in Bella’s medication dosage.
She was determined to prevent Bella from experiencing instability once more.
Later that evening, Bella was organizing her studio documents and noticed some papers were missing.
After contemplating for a bit, she recalled that she had given a document to Elizabeth.
Consequently, she headed to Elizabeth’s room.
Despite knocking repeatedly, there was no response at the door.
“Elizabeth…” Bella called out and knocked once more, yet the room remained silent.
Eventually, she decided to push the door open, only to find the room empty.
Bella was on the verge of contacting Elizabeth when she spotted a stack of papers on the desk.
She approached them and began looking for the document she needed.
Unexpectedly, a loud vibration emanated from the desk.
She picked up one of the documents and noticed Elizabeth’s phone beneath it.
Glancing at the screen, she realized it displayed a message from an unknown sender.
###chapter1846
As she prepared to set down the document, a particular detail caught her eye, the name of the family doctor, Tyron Harvey, was visible.
A frown creased Bella’s forehead as she read the message, noting that it included the word “medicine.
”
Just as she was about to examine the message more closely, Elizabeth entered the room.
“Mom?” Elizabeth’s expression shifted to one of surprise and astonishment.
Bella’s heart skipped a beat, and she quickly averted her gaze, feeling a rush of emotions.
Elizabeth rushed forward, her voice tinged with anxiety.
“What brings you here all of a sudden?”
Bella took a moment to compose herself, clutching the document tightly.
“I needed to find some papers urgently.
I knocked, but you didn’t answer, so I decided to come in and look for them.
”
Elizabeth glanced at the document without saying anything.
Struggling to ease the tension, Bella suggested, “It’s getting late.
You should probably get some rest.
”
With that, she left the room, holding the document in her hand.
Leaning against the door in the study, Bella couldn’t shake off the message she had read on Elizabeth’s phone, her hands trembling with disbelief.
Bella tried to reassure herself, “Elizabeth must have had questions for the doctor about the medication.
No need to jump to conclusions.
”
She persistently devised rationales to defend Elizabeth.
“I’ve nurtured Elizabeth.
Doubt has no place.
.
”
The next day, Stella, concerned about Bella, found an excuse to visit her in the afternoon.
Stella had figured Elizabeth might be out or holed up in her room, but there she was, standing right in front of her.
Elizabeth’s expression turned guarded immediately.
She scrunched up her face and asked, “What’s up? Why are you here?”
Stella, keeping her cool, used the excuse she had ready.
“Bella mentioned introducing me to some clients.
I need their info.
”
Elizabeth’s mood darkened.
She scoffed, “So, you need help getting clients? Can you even handle projects on your own? And with my mom not feeling well and not wanting to see anyone, maybe you should figure things out solo.
”
As Elizabeth moved to close the door, Stella halted her with a firm gesture.
Elizabeth’s tone turned chilly.
“This is my place.
You gonna make a scene?”
Stella furrowed her brows, puzzled.
“Why do you keep blocking me from seeing Bella? What’s got you so worked up?”
Elizabeth’s initial fluster faded, replaced by a composed demeanor.
She asserted confidently, “Can’t you see why? I just can’t stand you.
What’s the problem?”
###chapter1847
If it weren’t for Stella’s interference, Elizabeth wouldn’t have spent every day anxious about Bella’s possessions being taken away.
She was convinced Stella had hidden agendas.
Why should she allow her near Bella?
As Elizabeth and Stella clashed at the doorway, Bella overheard and intervened, putting an end to their confrontation.
She addressed Elizabeth with a very cold tone.
“Aren’t you supposed to be heading to the airport? Why are you still hanging around? Get moving.
Don’t waste time.
”
Elizabeth had intended to fetch the doctor from the airport, but encountering Stella upon opening the door was unexpected.
Feeling unsettled by Stella’s presence, Elizabeth grappled with conflicting priorities, torn between dealing with Stella and the pressing matter with the doctor.
Eventually, she decided her plan with the doctor was more important.
Before departing, Elizabeth turned to Bella, her voice soft.
“I’m heading out now.
Don’t overdo it.
Wrap up your tasks quickly and take care of yourself, okay?”
Bella remained silent.
‘s BunnyBookery
As Elizabeth passed Stella, she couldn’t resist a petty jab, attempting to bump into her.
But Stella, familiar with Elizabeth’s tactics, was prepared this time.
She sidestepped smoothly, dodging the collision effortlessly.
Elizabeth’s attempt fell short, leaving her momentarily off balance, stumbling as she continued on her way.
Elizabeth steadied herself, nearly falling down after her failed attempt to hurt Stella.
Anger surged through her, teeth clenching and eyes glaring.
Just as she was about to explode, she saw Bella’s stern frown.
Elizabeth fell silent.
Bella had been cold lately, and Elizabeth didn’t want to make things worse.
She swallowed her pride and anger.
“Just wait,” she mouthed to Stella, her lips moving without sound.
Then, she spun on her heel and walked away without looking back at Stella.
Stella, knowing she and Elizabeth were destined to be lifelong enemies, ignored the provocation.
Bella watched Elizabeth’s retreating figure for a long moment before turning to Stella.
Smiling warmly, she said, “Come in.
”
She led Stella into her study.
Stella leaned forward, her brows furrowed with concern.
“I came because I’ve been worried about you.
Did I inconvenience you?”
Bella shook her head, a soft smile touching her lips.
“No, not at all.
I’m glad you’re here.
”
Stella’s gaze softened, but worry lingered.
“How are you feeling today? Are you experiencing any discomfort at the moment?”
###chapter1848
Bella exhaled slowly, her expression thoughtful.
“I’m much better now.
I’ve stopped taking the medicine.
Besides the occasional headache, I’m fine.
”
This revelation hinted at a deeper issue with the medication.
Stella hesitated, her curiosity piqued, but thinking it was inappropriate, she refrained from prying into Elizabeth’s situation.
Instead, she offered a comforting smile.
“I’m glad to hear that.
Cordell wanted me to remind you to be mindful of your diet lately.
”
Bella nodded appreciatively.
“Thank you for caring.
”
In the midst of her challenges, Stella emerged unexpectedly as a source of solace for Bella.
Bella debated whether to share what she’d seen on the message the previous night with Stella, unsure of how it would be received.
A heavy silence hung between them, thick with uncertainty.
Noticing Bella’s distracted demeanor, Stella changed the subject tactfully.
“Aside from your physical well-being, there’s something else I’d like to discuss.
”
With a flourish, Stella produced a design sketch and a photo of the dress she’d created for Margery.
“I’ve been picking up embroidery techniques from a talented master,” she explained eagerly.
“But before I proceed further, you suddenly told me to be your successor.
I don’t want to step on any toes, so I’d like to know your opinion.
”
Bella’s response was light-hearted.
She nodded, acknowledging Stella’s enthusiasm for learning.
“Exploring new skills is always a positive pursuit.
Keep pushing forward and don’t dwell too much on the details.
”
Bella’s open-mindedness and encouragement further endeared her to Stella, solidifying her admiration.
Bella was indeed a leading figure in the industry.
Her inclusive mindset and vast knowledge left a lasting impression on Stella.
Once again, Stella felt a swell of pride at being chosen as Bella’s successor.
“I’ve also been curious about embroidery techniques…” Bella picked up the photo of the dress, her gaze lingering on the intricate details.
“I saw the dress you made for Margery.
Your embroidery mentor is truly skilled…”
As Bella spoke, a sense of familiarity washed over her, triggering fragments of memories to resurface.
Noticing Bella’s unusual reaction, Stella’s anxiety grew, prompting her to inquire, “Are you feeling unwell?”
Bella remained silent, attempting to grasp those fleeting memories that slipped through her fingers.
After a moment of composure, she shook her head.
“I’m okay.
”
Despite Bella’s reassurance, Stella’s concern lingered.
“Could it be a side effect of your previous medication? Would you like to undergo further examination?”
Bella declined, stating, “No, thank you.
I just had tests done yesterday.
There shouldn’t be any major issues.
”
Frowning, she added, “Certain scenes flashed in my mind, but they were hazy.
Perhaps I’ve encountered them before.
”
Gazing at the embroidered pattern once more, she sensed a hint of familiarity but couldn’t place it.
“How do you know the embroiderer?” Bella asked, trying to change the topic.
###chapter1849
Relieved that Bella seemed fine, Stella explained, “An assistant from my studio introduced her to me.
The lady served as her mentor.
Without her assistance, I wouldn’t have completed Margery’s dress on time.
”
Grateful for Alissa’s support, Stella added, “She’s incredibly skilled…”
Bella examined the embroidered pattern, but this time, her mind remained blank, devoid of the previous elusive images.
The two continued talking about work, with Bella mostly updating Stella on the studio.
Time passed quickly, and before they knew it, evening had set in.
Suddenly, Stella’s phone rang, displaying Matthew’s name.
She hesitated, unsure whether to answer.
“Matthew?” Bella asked with a smile, noticing Stella’s dilemma.
She hadn’t realized how late it had become until the call interrupted them.
The sky outside was already darkening.
“Go ahead and answer,” Bella suggested, turning her attention back to the documents in her hands.
Stella quickly answered the call, covering the phone with her hand as she spoke in a low voice.
“What’s up?”
“It’s late.
Let me come and get you,” Matthew’s voice suggested over the Line.
Stella agreed with a simple “Okay” before ending the call.
She turned to Bella with an awkward smile.
“He’s on his way to pick me up.
”
Bella nodded understandingly, acknowledging the hour.
“It’s indeed late.
Let’s call it a day.
Since Matthew is fetching you, I won’t detain you for dinner.
”
Stella blushed slightly and said shyly, “Then I’ll take my leave.
”
Rising from her seat, she bid Bella farewell.
“Don’t hesitate to reach out if you need anything.
”
Bella nodded in agreement.
“Of course.
”
Then she got up and saw Stella off.
They exited the room just as Elizabeth returned.
Elizabeth’s discontent was evident in her Catching sight of Stella.
“Why are you still here?” tone as she questioned, Three hours had passed, and Stella was only just preparing to depart.
Elizabeth harbored a deep dislike for Stella; she believed that every visit from Stella caused Bella to act strangely.
Furious with Stella’s lingering presence, Elizabeth seethed with frustration.
Yet, Stella remained indifferent to Elizabeth’s hostility, her focus drawn to the middle-aged man standing behind her.
It was the first time Stella had encountered him, and their eyes met briefly.
While Stella quietly observed the newcomer, Kristian, too, regarded her with interest.
Bella’s surprise at seeing Kristian was evident.
“What brings you here?”
###chapter1850
Kristian tore his gaze away from Stella and approached Bella affectionately.
Taking her hand in his, he spoke softly.
“We’ve been apart for too long.
I’ve missed you terribly.
And Elizabeth mentioned your health concerns.
I’m genuinely worried about you.
”
Bella’s expression soured at his presence.
“Where’s the doctor?”
Kristian blinked, his tone gentle as he explained, “I’ve arranged for him to stay at the hotel.
It’s late, and he needs rest.
I’ll have him come for an examination tomorrow.
”
Bella acquiesced, dismissing her health issues as trivial.
“It’s nothing serious.
You didn’t need to go through all this trouble.
”
Kristian’s demeanor turned serious.
“Your well-being is my priority.
”
Bella’s resolve softened under his earnest gaze.
After their exchange, Kristian turned his attention to Stella, acknowledging her unexpected presence.
“I didn’t anticipate guests at home today.
Who is…”
Bella intervened, introducing Stella to Kristian.
“This is Stella.
I’ve mentioned her before; she’s the successor of my studio.
”
Turning to Stella, she said, “Stella, this is Kristian, my husband.
”
Kristian greeted Stella graciously, “Ah, so you’re Stella.
I’ve heard a lot about you.
You’re quite promising for your age.
”
Stella responded with equal politeness, “Thank you.
It’s a pleasure to meet you.
”
Observing their courteous exchange, Elizabeth grew increasingly impatient.
Stepping between Bella and Kristian, she grasped their hands, adopting a childish demeanor.
“I waited forever to pick Dad and Tyron up from the airport.
I’m starving.
What’s for dinner?”
Sensing Elizabeth’s not-so-subtle hint to leave, Stella gracefully accepted the cue.
She nodded subtly and remarked, “It’s getting late.
I should head home now.
”
Bella offered to accompany her, but Stella declined with a smile.
“No, thank you.
Matthew is waiting for me outside.
I can manage on my own.
”
Elizabeth’s irritation was palpable, her nails digging into her flesh.
Bella conceded, “Very well, then.
I won’t keep you any longer.
”
Stella bid Bella and Kristian farewell before turning and exiting the house.
Elizabeth’s displeasure was palpable as she voiced her frustration.
“What was that about? She bid farewell to you both and ignored me completely? How rude!”
Unfazed by Elizabeth’s outburst, Bella remained silent, withdrawing her hand and retreating to her room as soon as Stella left.
Dissatisfied with Bella’s reaction, Elizabeth was about to speak up when Kristian gestured for her to calm down.
Elizabeth begrudgingly subdued her anger despite her frustration, directing her blame toward Stella.
Unaware of Elizabeth’s thoughts, Stella exited the house to find Matthew’s car parked across the road.
###chapter1851
As she settled into the vehicle, Matthew leaned over to assist her with her seatbelt.
Concerned, he inquired, “You’ve chatted with Bella for so long.
How is she doing?”
Stella relayed the truth.
“She seemed to be doing well today.
”
Then, remembering her encounter with Kristian, she added, “I met her husband today.
He appears to be kind and genuinely cares for Bella.
Upon hearing about her health concerns, he came right away.
”
Stella couldn’t help but sigh, pondering how he would react if he discovered that Elizabeth might be the cause of Bella’s illness.
As Matthew pondered the middle-aged man who accompanied Elizabeth, a faint sense of recognition nagged at him.
Though the distance prevented a clear view, he couldn’t shake the feeling of familiarity.
Scrutinizing his memory, he struggled to recall where he might have seen the man before.
Meanwhile, Stella mused aloud, “I can’t understand why someone as elegant as Kristian and someone as gentle as Bella would have a daughter as scheming as Elizabeth.
”
Catching the confusion in her tone, Matthew suggested, “Perhaps it’s because she’s their only child, and they’ve spoiled her too much.
”
Stella considered his words, acknowledging their observations of Bella’s patience with Elizabeth.
Yet, she recognized it as a family matter beyond her purview.
“I just hope Bella’s situation isn’t connected to Elizabeth,” she remarked softly.
Matthew remained silent as he drove off.
Later that evening, Bella, Elizabeth, and Kristian sat down for dinner.
Elizabeth sensed an unusual tension in the air.
Normally, their dinners were warm and welcoming, but tonight felt different.
The source of the tension seemed to be Bella herself.
Throughout the meal, Elizabeth was preoccupied, her mind consumed by thoughts of Stella and Bella’s conversation earlier in the day.
How could they chat about work for so long?
Puzzled, she ventured softly, “Mom, are the dishes not to your Liking? Why aren’t you eating?”
Bella responded nonchalantly, “The food is adequate.
”
Detecting her mother’s indifference, Elizabeth grew convinced that Stella had said something to influence Bella.
Thinking for a moment, she remarked, “Today is Dad’s first visit to Seamarsh.
We haven’t dined together in ages.
We should be celebrating.
”
Bella glanced up, lips pressed into a thin line.
“Fine,” she acquiesced.
Following dinner, Bella retired to her room for some rest.
Meanwhile, Elizabeth summoned Kristian, concern etched on her features.
“Did you see her just now? I sensed she’s starting to suspect something.
Her behavior has been odd lately,” she confided, her tone grave.
“Have you arranged everything for tomorrow? Are you certain there won’t be any issues?”
###chapter1852
Elizabeth’s unease persisted until Kristian assured her, “Absolutely.
I’ve briefed the doctor and supervised several rehearsals.
Everything will go smoothly.
Stop worrying and prepare for the outcome.
”
Seeing Kristian’s smile, Elizabeth couldn’t help but think of the polite and humble way he had treated Stella earlier.
She mocked, “You’re quite the actor.
You seemed so decent in front of Stella.
Anyone who sees you would praise you.
”
Kristian ignored her sarcasm and replied coldly, “Today, I finally understand why you always come up short against Stella.
You’re too immature.
Your emotions are written all over your face, and you can’t maintain composure.
What good can I expect from you?”
In the bedroom, Bella woke up from a nap feeling a little thirsty.
She picked up the glass beside the bookshelf, but it was empty.
Bella got up and was about to go downstairs to get a glass of water when she heard Elizabeth’s and Kristian’s voices coming from Elizabeth’s room.
Frowning, she approached the slightly ajar door, straining to catch their conversation.
However, just as she was about to eavesdrop, their voices ceased abruptly.
As the door creaked open, Elizabeth instinctively turned her head, her heart skipping a beat at the sight of Bella standing there, expressionless.
Suppressing her surprise, Elizabeth quickly averted her gaze and attempted to maintain her composure.
“Mom, weren’t you asleep? Why are you up?”
Elizabeth couldn’t help but wonder how much of her conversation with Kristian Bella had overheard.
Fear gripped her.
She might have revealed even more if she hadn’t noticed the shadow at the door earlier.
But she had already divulged quite a bit.
Bella’s tone was cool and measured as she responded, “I woke up to get some water and heard your dad’s voice, so I came to check.
”
Elizabeth’s eyes darted to the glass in Bella’s hand, realizing she shouldn’t have lied.
Despite her efforts to maintain composure, Elizabeth remained uneasy.
She attempted to carry on as usual, forcing a smile.
“It’s been ages since I’ve seen Dad, so we
ended up chatting for a bit.
And Andrew needed me to relay something to him.
I lost track of time.
”
Kristian echoed, “Elizabeth also mentioned your health to me.
I didn’t fully understand your condition over the phone, so I couldn’t help but ask a few more questions out of concern.
”
He took Bella’s glass and suggested, “Let me fetch you some water.
You should retire early and rest up for tomorrow’s examination.
”
Despite Kristian’s usual gentleness, Bella’s demeanor remained aloof.
She murmured a quiet thank you before advising, “Don’t stay up too late.
You both should rest as well.
”
Her tone lacked its usual warmth, and then she retreated to her room.
Once Bella was out of earshot, Elizabeth closed the door firmly, her heart pounding in her chest and her palms slick with sweat.
Anxious thoughts raced through her mind, and she couldn’t help but voice her concern to Kristian.
“Do you think she heard us?”
Kristian’s expression mirrored her concern.
After a brief silence, he replied, “I don’t believe so.
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have remained so composed.
And we didn’t discuss anything of significance after our initial talk about the doctor.
Even if she did overhear, it wouldn’t matter.
”
###chapter1853
Elizabeth’s nerves frayed with worry.
“What if she overheard everything?”
Kristian pursed his lips and said nothing, but his face was full of concern.
Meanwhile, Bella returned to her room and sat on the edge of her bed, her mind racing with troubling thoughts.
The synchronized responses of Elizabeth and Kristian had set off alarm bells in her mind.
Elizabeth wasn’t good at lying, and her expression had been very strange.
It seemed like they were discussing something they didn’t want her to know.
So, was what Kristian just said true, or was he trying to cover up for Elizabeth?
If Elizabeth had indeed drugged her, did Kristian know about it?
What was his role in all of this? Was he the mastermind, or was he just trying to protect Elizabeth?
Elizabeth and Kristian were her closest and most trusted people.
She had always trusted them implicitly.
But now, it was possible that they were trying to hurt her, even kill her.
The thought made Bella shiver.
For the first time, she doubted the people closest to her.
The next day, the family doctor, Tyron, arrived with his medical equipment to examine Bella.
‘s BunnyBookery
After the check-up, Kristian feigned concern and inquired about Bella’s condition.
Sensing an opportunity to collude, Tyron responded, “Bella is in good health.
However, she must continue taking her medication to prevent a relapse of her illness.
”
Bella detected no hint of deceit in his serious tone as he spoke.
Tentatively, she voiced her concerns.
“But the increased dosage of my medication didn’t seem to work well.
At times, I even felt my emotions were spiraling out of control.
What could be the reason?”
She watched Tyron’s expression carefully for any signs of deception.
Anticipating Bella’s skepticism, Tyron maintained his composure and continued to lie, “Bella, it’s just that you’re overly anxious and dwelling too much on many things.
If you feel the previous medication was ineffective, I can prescribe an alternative.
”
His expression remained unchanged.
Bella couldn’t help but wonder if Tyron was simply a skilled actor or if there was genuinely
nothing suspicious about him.
After a moment’s contemplation, she questioned, “Is there no possibility of a cure?”
Kristian and Elizabeth exchanged a glance, surprised by Bella’s sudden barrage of questions.
In the past, she had always blindly followed Tyron’s instructions.
Furrowing their brows, they realized Bella’s newfound skepticism.
Elizabeth grew anxious, fearing that Tyron might struggle to handle Bella’s probing.
She hastily proposed a solution.
“How about this? Since Mom doesn’t plan on returning to Dorburn anytime soon, we can have Tyron stay here to monitor your condition closely and devise a suitable treatment plan.
Dad and I can’t bear to see you suffer from illness.
”
Kristian chimed in, “Tyron traveled all this way from Dorburn; surely he can diagnose the problem effectively.
With him here, we’ll be equipped to handle any unforeseen circumstances.
”
###chapter1854
Bella agreed with their suggestion.
She saw it as an opportunity to uncover the truth behind her condition.
Elizabeth breathed a sigh of relief at Bella’s compliance, but her unease lingered, knowing that Bella harbored doubts.
Out of Bella’s sight, Elizabeth’s eyes flashed with anxiety as she continuously thought about solutions.
Despite everyone’s seemingly normal behavior, Bella’s suspicion lingered, fueled by the memory of the medicine test report she had read.
Later that afternoon, Bella found a pretext to leave the house.
Initially, Elizabeth opposed her leaving, but Bella was resolute.
Besides, Elizabeth had other pressing matters to attend to, so she reluctantly let Bella go.
After sending Bella off, Elizabeth wanted to discuss the next steps with Kristian and Tyron, but she couldn’t find Kristian anywhere.
“Where on earth is he at such a crucial moment?” Elizabeth fumed.
As she paced the room, her unease grew.
Bella’s recent changes weighed heavily on her mind, leaving her increasingly flustered.
Unable to wait any longer, she decided to go straight to Tyron.
In the coffee shop, Bella and Stella reunited once more.
Bella settled into her seat across from Stella, her exhaustion evident.
“I saw the family doctor today for a check-up,” she began wearily.
“He couldn’t find anything wrong with me, and I couldn’t discern any clues from their reactions regarding the culprit of the tampered medicine.
”
With that, Bella lapsed into a heavy silence.
Stella refrained from hastily drawing conclusions from Bella’s words.
After a brief pause, she responded cautiously, “I can’t intervene in this matter.
You must remain vigilant.
”
Although she shared Bella’s anxiety, their relationship didn’t afford her the liberty to openly act.
Stella felt a pang of helplessness, but she had little choice.
Observing Bella’s deteriorating state, Stella empathized with her plight and offered what comfort she could.
After spending over ten minutes together, Stella gently suggested, “You don’t appear well.
Allow me to escort you home.
”
Bella massaged her throbbing temples and acquiesced, “Okay.
”
###chapter1855
She sought solace in Stella, feeling somewhat pathetic for solely relying on her.
Yet, she couldn’t think of anyone else she trusted as much, The coffee shop was conveniently close to Bella’s residence, allowing Stella to swiftly escort her home.
As Stella prepared to depart, Bella halted her in her tracks.
Confusion flickered across Stella’s features as she turned back, inquiring, “Is there anything else I can assist you with?”
An idea struck Bella suddenly.
“Last night, I organized a document for the studio’s concept.
It’s in the study.
Since you’re here, you might as well take it and acquaint yourself with it beforehand.
”
Recognizing the business-related nature of the task, Stella was about to follow Bella, but then she hesitated, mindful of Elizabeth’s presence at home.
Their encounters often led to arguments, which she wished to avoid, not wanting to inconvenience Bella.
“Could you retrieve the document? I’ll wait here.
I don’t want to intrude,” she suggested.
Bella understood Stella’s apprehension without needing an explanation.
“At this hour, Elizabeth is typically in her room.
You won’t run into her,” she reassured Stella.
Though embarrassed by Bella’s consideration, Stella couldn’t refuse after Bella’s assurance.
She nodded and followed Bella upstairs.
As she approached the study, voices drifted from another room.
A man’s confident assurance caught her attention.
“The newly developed medicine is undoubtedly more effective than its predecessor.
”
“You made similar promises before, and yet she still recovered,” a woman’s voice came, dripped with skepticism.
Undeterred, the man responded with determination, “This time will be different.
The potency of the new drug far exceeds its predecessor.
Please have faith in me, Elizabeth.
”
Reluctantly, Elizabeth conceded, “I’ll give you one more chance.
But if you disappoint me again, I’ll find someone else.
There are plenty of doctors in the world.
”
The man proposed a new approach.
“I understand.
But your mother is too alert now.
You could administer the medicine to her through her food in the coming days, ensuring a more effective outcome with less effort.
”
Doubtful, Elizabeth sought reassurance, questioning, “Are you certain there won’t be any complications?”
Stella’s heart sank as she pieced together the conversation.
It was evident that the woman
speaking was Elizabeth.
She glanced at Bella, whose distress was palpable as her body trembled with emotion.
In the room, Elizabeth took the new medicine Tyron gave and studied it carefully.
She found it was just the same as the last one.
So, she asked Tyron, “Is there any difference between this medicine and the previous one?”
Tyron smiled confidently and replied, “Of course.
The medicine in your hand is several times stronger than the previous one.
Taking it once or twice can already cause mental disorders.
When combined with my newly developed medicine, it can absolutely…”
Before he could finish his words, he was interrupted by a loud bang when the door was suddenly pushed open and slammed against the wall.
Elizabeth and Tyron were both shocked by the sudden noise.
They turned around simultaneously, only to see Stella and Bella standing at the door.
Instantly, panic was written all over Elizabeth’s face, and her eyes were full of terror.
###chapter1856
At that moment, she couldn’t care about Stella anymore.
She quickly put her hands behind her back, trying to hide the medicine bottle and muddle through.
She forced a smile and said, “Mom, didn’t you go out? Why are you back so soon?”
In just a few seconds, Tyron’s palms were already sweating profusely.
His heart pounded so hard that he felt he could hear his own heartbeat.
He carefully explained, “Bella, we were just…”
But Bella interrupted, not giving him a chance to finish what he wanted to say.
“What did you just say? It can absolutely what?” she asked, ignoring Elizabeth’s question.
When they heard the anger in her voice, Tyron’s and Elizabeth’s hearts skipped a beat.
Bella must have heard everything.
They were doomed.
While they were silent, Bella stepped forward, smiled self-deprecatingly, and added, “It can absolutely kill me, right?”
‘s BunnyBookery
“Mom, no.
I…” Elizabeth wanted to explain.
But at this moment, her mind went blank.
She couldn’t think of a good excuse to use.
When Bella saw that Elizabeth was incoherent, she felt sad in her heart.
She scolded Elizabeth coldly, “I have raised you for many years.
I have never done anything wrong to you.
How can you do such a thing to me? How dare you conspire with an outsider to kill me!”
“Mom, no…” Elizabeth was at a loss.
But she was sure she couldn’t admit it, so she insisted, “You heard it wrong.
I care about your condition, so I talked to Tyron in private.
”
Bella was even more disappointed.
She didn’t expect Elizabeth would still try to fool her.
“I’ve heard everything you said.
Do you still want to continue to lie? Am I that gullible in your eyes? I have seen through everything.
Do you still think you can hide it from me?”
Bella always trusted Elizabeth, so even if she became sicker after taking the medicine Elizabeth gave her, she never suspected Elizabeth.
She didn’t expect that Elizabeth had been scheming against her from the beginning.
Elizabeth didn’t even have the slightest mercy when she asked the doctor to increase the dose.
For a moment, she couldn’t tell which one was the real Elizabeth between the obedient and sensible girl in her memory and the cruel and merciless woman in front of her right now.
“No! Mom, I’ve been doing this for your own good.
”
Still, Elizabeth wanted to defend herself.
Bella felt like her heart was shattered into pieces.
She closed her eyes, walked up to Elizabeth, and gave her a hard slap.
Elizabeth was so stunned that her grip on the medicine bottle loosened.
It fell to the floor.
This was Stella’s first time seeing Bella so angry.
She was stunned for a moment.
But she was afraid Elizabeth would do something to hurt Bella, so she quickly walked to Bella’s side.
When Elizabeth raised her head again, she saw Stella holding Bella’s shoulder.
This scene was extraordinarily unpleasant in her eyes.
###chapter1857
Bella looked at Tyron and asked, “As a doctor, is this how you treat your patients?”
Seeing Bella’s displeasure, Tyron quickly pleaded, “Bella, Elizabeth made me do it!”
If this got out, his career would be completely ruined.
Now, he was desperate to clear his name.
Seeing Tyron trying to shift the blame, Elizabeth immediately ed, saying, “You’re lying! You were willing to do it! You couldn’t have been happier when you received the money! How dare you try to disown your responsibility now? In your dreams!”
“Elizabeth, why play innocent? Didn’t you approach me first to get medication for your mother? And now you’re turning on me?”
“That’s not true!” Elizabeth turned to Bella and pleaded, “Mom, this immoral doctor d
eceived me.
He told me you would get better if you took these pills.
I believed they were beneficial for your health, but I didn’t realize he was lying to me!”
Hearing this conversation made Bella feel even more desperate.
She couldn’t believe Elizabeth was still refusing to acknowledge her mistakes, still trying to deceive her.
If she hadn’t witnessed it herself today, she might have continued to give Elizabeth the benefit of the doubt out of compassion.
Memories flooded back to Bella.
Elizabeth had always played the innocent to gain her sympathy.
How many lies had Elizabeth told her over the years?
The more Bella reflected on the past, the deeper her disappointment grew.
She felt as if she had never truly known her daughter.
Seeing Elizabeth’s unremorseful behavior shattered any remaining affection Bella felt for her.
With a stern expression, she commanded, “Leave now.
Go back to Dorburn immediately.
From this day forward, I don’t want to see you again!”
After saying this, Bella turned away, unwilling to even glance at Elizabeth any longer.
“No, Mom…” Elizabeth protested.
“I won’t go back.
You can’t do this to me!”
All Elizabeth was after was Bella’s wealth.
What Bella had just said felt like a firm statement that Elizabeth would never achieve her goal.
“Mom, I’ve looked after you for so long.
I really do care about you.
Can’t you see that? How can you send me away just on the few words of an outsider?”
In the past, Bella might have been swayed by such words.
But having seen Elizabeth’s harsh and indifferent behavior, she realized that it was all just an act.
“Mom, don’t you remember how much you used to love me? I’m your only daughter.
You didn’t really mean what you said a moment ago, right?”
Elizabeth continued to beg and cry, trying to sway Bella with emotional appeals to family ties.
Yet Bella’s eyes showed only pain, without any hesitation.
###chapter1858
This was what Matthew, who hurried over, witnessed.
Upon receiving Stella’s message, he promptly arrived with bodyguards.
Bella was visibly irritated.
She turned to Matthew and said, “Mr.
Clark, please help me.
I want these people out.
”
Following Matthew’s signal, one bodyguard escorted a pale-faced Tyron away, while two others approached Elizabeth.
As they reached for her, Elizabeth tried to break free.
“Don’t touch me!” Elizabeth’s voice was piercing.
She fell to her knees before Bella and grabbed her legs, pleading, “Mom, I now realize my mistakes.
I’m truly sorry.
Please, forgive me just this once.
”
But Bella remembered the arrogant tone Elizabeth had used while speaking with Tyron earlier.
With a heavy heart, she closed her eyes and said ruthlessly, “From today onward, you’re no longer my daughter.
”
Elizabeth was taken aback by Bella’s unexpected words, knowing her to be typically gentle-hearted.
However, when she observed Bella’s interaction with Stella, her anxiety heightened.
The realization struck Elizabeth: if this continued, Bella would eventually uncover her relationship with Stella, leaving Elizabeth with no chance at all.
In a state of panic, a reckless idea surged through her mind.
With a cold stare directed at Stella, Elizabeth’s gaze darted to the fruit knife on the table.
She resolved that even if it meant her demise, she couldn’t allow Stella to remain by Bella’s side.
At the very least, she would confront her fate alongside Stella today.
The impulsive urge consumed Elizabeth entirely.
Without a second thought, she seized the knife and lunged toward Stella in a frenzy.
Stella had remained vigilant the whole time, alert to Elizabeth’s every move.
Though she could have evaded the attack, the presence of Bella beside her gave her pause.
With Bella’s safety in mind, Stella’s reflexes slowed as she hesitated to dodge.
Meanwhile, Elizabeth, driven by madness, gripped the knife tightly as she charged forward, her sole intention fixed on harming Stella.
“Bitch, rot in hell!” Elizabeth spat out, her words dripping with venom.
Yet, before Elizabeth could make contact with Stella, she was forcefully kicked away.
Matthew’s expression turned icy as he glared at Elizabeth with disdain.
Bella, taken aback by Elizabeth’s drastic actions, remained in a state of shock as Elizabeth lay on the floor.
Stella, trembling with fear, felt her heart racing in her chest.
Matthew swiftly kicked the fruit knife aside and commanded his bodyguards, “Seize her.
”
The bodyguards apprehended Elizabeth, who struggled against their hold with visible anguish.
“Stella!” Elizabeth shrieked in madness, her voice filled with fury.
“You deceitful wretch! You’ve been instigating conflict between my mother and me all along! You’ll meet a gruesome end!”
A bodyguard silenced Elizabeth with a harsh slap.
“Shut up!”
Elizabeth’s face recoiled from the force of the blow, blood filling her mouth as she remained dazed, tears streaming down her cheeks.
Meanwhile, Kristian returned just as Tyron, who had been taken away moments earlier, spotted him in the corridor.
Desperate, Tyron pleaded, “Kristian, you’re back.
Please help me.
You know I didn’t drug Bella!”
Hearing the mention of “drug” and witnessing the doctor’s desperate state, Kristian realized that the truth had been uncovered, though he was uncertain to what extent.
Furious at Tyron’s folly in not only exposing himself but also attempting to implicate him, Kristian delivered a powerful blow, rendering Tyron unconscious.
“You despicable traitor!” Kristian seethed.
“I misjudged you.
I never imagined you would betray your profession and try to harm my wife!”
The commotion from outside echoed audibly within the room.
As Matthew emerged from the room, he caught sight of Kristian delivering blows to the unconscious Tyron.
His expression tightened in disapproval.
“That’s enough,” Matthew interjected sternly.
“He’s already unconscious.
”
However, Kristian, determined to earn trust, persisted, his voice resolute.
“This scoundrel drugged my wife and deceived me.
I won’t let him escape punishment.
”
Matthew offered a gentle reminder.
“Bella is still inside.
Shouldn’t you go and see her first?”
###chapter1859
Kristian snapped out of his intense focus on Tyron and dashed into the room, his mind racing with concern.
Inside, the chaos was even more pronounced.
Elizabeth was disheveled, forcibly restrained on the floor, while Bella, who had always been affectionate toward her, now stood aloof.
Kristian recognized the significance of Bella’s change in behavior.
Her indifference toward Elizabeth’s plight signaled deep-seated anger.
His brow furrowing with worry, Kristian approached Bella, feeling increasingly unsettled by the situation.
“What’s going on? Are you alright?”
Kristian’s concern was evident as he reached out, but Bella deftly avoided his touch.
Kristian’s heart plummeted, but he kept his outward calm.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t here sooner.
Are you hurt? Let me take you to the hospital, okay?”
Despite the uncertainty swirling around him, he tried to play the loving husband, his voice tinged with urgency.
However, Bella’s gaze remained icy as she recalled the unsettling conversation she partly overheard between Kristian and Elizabeth.
Without preamble, she confronted him.
“Do you have any idea that Elizabeth drugged me?”
“Are you serious?” The shock on Kristian’s face was palpable, but deep down he was more flustered than surprised.
Kristian’s mind raced as he struggled to comprehend how Bella had uncovered the truth without his knowledge.
Bella’s closed-eyed inquiry pierced through the tension.
“What was your involvement in the matter?”
Her question brought a fleeting sense of relief to Kristian.
If Bella’s tone was anything to go by, he hadn’t been implicated-at least not yet.
Maintaining his facade of innocence, Kristian responded, his voice a mixture of disbelief and indignation, ““Drugged you? Bella, you’re my wife.
How could I ever do such a thing to you? When I heard commotion in the corridor earlier, I learned that Tyron was the one responsible.
I confronted him immediately.
Is this why you’ve been feeling unwell lately?”
Bella scrutinized Kristian’s expression, searching for any hint of deception, but he appeared genuinely sincere.
Furrowing her brow, Bella pondered whether Kristian could truly be innocent.
Could he have been deceived as well?
Kristian, sensing Bella’s skepticism, intensified his performance, his features contorted with anger.
“How could Tyron, a renowned doctor, commit such treachery behind our backs? It’s despicable!”
He channeled his frustration, masking his guilt and panic as best as he could.
As Bella’s expression softened slightly, Kristian’s hope surged.
Perhaps he had managed to maintain his facade of innocence, evading exposure for now.
Relieved, Kristian realized he still had time to rectify the situation before it was too late.
###chapter1860
Kristian’s voice was heavy with regret as he said, “If I had known he was capable of such treachery, I would have never entrusted your care to him.
Damn it!”
He seized the opportunity to draw Bella closer, his arm wrapping around her shoulders.
Sensing no resistance from her, he continued, “Thankfully, we uncovered his deceit in time.
I’ll never allow anyone to harm you.
”
Meanwhile, Elizabeth, emerging from her daze, mistook Kristian for a rescuer and pleaded desperately, “Dad, you’re finally home.
Please help me.
I truly don’t know anything.
Please don’t Let Mom send me away.
I really don’t know anything…”
Bella couldn’t hide her frown when she saw Elizabeth treat Kristian as if he was a savior.
Observing Bella’s frown at the interaction, Kristian realized he needed to prioritize his own safety.
Stepping toward Elizabeth, he delivered a sharp slap across her face in a pretense of anger.
“You piece of shit! Still trying to lie your way out? I blame myself for spoiling you.
Your actions are unforgivable!”
‘s BunnyBookery
With his back to Bella, Kristian discreetly signaled Elizabeth to keep silent with his eyes.
Elizabeth was stunned by Kristian’s slap.
Besides, she was preoccupied with how she would explain herself, so she failed to notice the hint in Kristian’s eyes.
Restrained by the two bodyguards and now slapped by Kristian, Elizabeth was overwhelmed by a sense of humiliation.
She burst out, “Are you out of your mind? How dare you!”
Noticing her agitation and careless words, Kristian raised his hand and slapped her hard again.
“Shut up! You’ve done something wrong, yet you still refuse to admit it.
We’ve spoiled you in the past, but this time we need to teach you a lesson.
You should take this time to reflect on yourself.
You’re grounded!”
He cursed her silently for being an idiot.
How could she behave like this at such a critical moment? Her Lies had already been exposed.
Would she only be satisfied if he was exposed as well?
Elizabeth wanted to say more, but as she raised her head, she noticed the warning and reminder in Kristian’s eyes.
At last, she caught Kristian’s message.
She snapped out of the chaos and grasped the severity of the situation.
At the very least, she needed to ensure Kristian’s safety.
Wisely, she sealed her Lips shut.
Kristian, relieved, exhaled deeply; he then turned and approached Bella.
Observing her angry face, he offered solace, saying, “Retreat to your room and rest.
I’ll handle this.
I’ll instruct the lawyer to initiate legal proceedings against Tyron.
Additionally, I’ll monitor Elizabeth closely, ensuring she settles and understands the boundaries.
”
Kristian added, his expression tinged with sadness, “I’ve been too lenient with her lately.
From now on, I’ll keep a close eye on her and make sure she doesn’t repeat such behavior.
”
Bella closed her eyes briefly before responding, “No, thank you.
I’ll arrange for someone to escort her back to Dorburn tomorrow.
”
She refrained from directly involving the police out of concern for their family ties.
Nonetheless, she harbored no desire to even see Elizabeth.
Kristian was taken aback, but recognizing her unwavering stance, he conceded, “I’ll follow your lead, but you must rest now.
”
After uttering those words, he promptly grasped Bella’s arm and exited the room.
His sole ive was to swiftly remove Bella from the situation, fearing that Elizabeth might be foolish enough to incriminate him.
For the rest, he intended to strategize meticulously at his own pace.
Accompanied by their bodyguards, Stella and Matthew trailed behind Bella and Kristian as they exited.
###chapter1861
Before departing, Stella cast a lingering glance at Elizabeth.
Without the restraints of the bodyguards, Elizabeth crumbled to the floor.
Seemingly aware of Stella’s scrutiny, she raised her head and met Stella’s gaze with a defiant smile, a hint of provocation gleaming in her eyes.
After just a fleeting glance, Stella averted her gaze in disgust.
Matthew shot a brief glance at Elizabeth, withholding any words.
Wrapping his arm around Stella’s shoulders, he proceeded to depart without uttering a single word.
Kristian and Bella abruptly came to a halt.
“Stella…” Bella turned her gaze toward Stella, her voice tinged with weariness.
“Thank you for today.
I’m grateful you were here.
”
She understood that Matthew’s sudden arrival with his entourage was prompted by a message from Stella.
Then she extended her gratitude to Matthew.
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark.
”
Stella shook her head and replied, “It’s only natural for us to intervene.
I’m relieved you weren’t hurt.
”
Kristian also conveyed his appreciation, saying, “Thank you for safeguarding and looking after Bella.
I apologize for exposing you to our family troubles today.
Considering Bella’s current fragile state, I promise to treat both of you to dinner another time.
”
His demeanor was marked by gentleness and courtesy, and Stella harbored no ill will toward him.
She responded earnestly, “You’re welcome.
Now that the situation is resolved, we won’t intrude any further.
I’ll visit Bella later.
”
Stella and Matthew’s departure was swift.
After bidding farewell to Bella and Kristian, they embarked on their journey home.
Seated in the car, Stella couldn’t shake off the events that had unfolded moments earlier.
“I still can’t wrap my head around Elizabeth drugging Bella.
Despite everything, Bella is her own flesh and blood.
How could she commit such an act?” Stella voiced her disbelief.
Matthew remained silent, his lack of surprise palpable.
Stella recalled the cold gaze Elizabeth had cast upon her before leaving.
“And what’s worse, she showed no remorse.
It’s as if she didn’t even recognize the gravity of her actions.
How can someone be so callous?”
Matthew offered solace.
“There’s no need to dwell on the actions of such individuals.
It’s not worth our anger.
”
Stella let out a weary sigh.
“Honestly, I’m not even angry.
I just feel sorry for Bella.
It’s evident
how much she adores Elizabeth.
Despite her faults, Bella always stands by her side.
She’s always shielded Elizabeth, yet in return, Elizabeth conspired with outsiders to harm her.
”
Stella couldn’t fathom Elizabeth’s motives.
She yearned desperately to locate her birth mother, yet every lead proved fruitless.
Ironically, Elizabeth held a desire for the death of her own mother.
Noticing Stella’s despondency, Matthew reassured her, “Not everyone reciprocates kindness.
Some are driven solely by their own selfish desires.
It’s futile trying to comprehend such individuals.
”
Stella nodded, albeit slightly.
After a brief moment of comfort, Matthew changed the subject.
###chapter1862
“Thankfully, you reached out to me in time.
”
The memory of Elizabeth charging toward Stella with a knife sent shivers down Matthew’s spine.
He was relieved to have been there to protect her.
Stella furrowed her brows.
“I was worried sick.
Elizabeth was unhinged.
If she and the doctor had joined forces, I feared I wouldn’t be able to keep Bella safe.
”
As she spoke, her gaze grew distant, and she let out a resigned sigh.
She couldn’t help but think that if Bella were her own mother, she’d have the rights to seek justice for her.
But now, she was merely an outsider, and she had to tread carefully in offering comfort.
“No matter what lies ahead, promise me you’ll reach out to me immediately.
Don’t try to face it alone,” Matthew cautioned.
“Even if it was just Elizabeth you were up against today, you would still be in danger when she lost her mind.
Understand?”
He didn’t want Stella taking unnecessary risks.
His only wish was for her to be safe.
Stella nodded somberly, her voice muffled as she replied, “I understand.
”
Sensing her distress, Matthew knew her thoughts were consumed by Bella.
He narrowed his eyes, awaiting the results of Cordell’s second test to confirm Stella’s relationship with Bella.
With a gentle gesture, he pinched her cheek.
“Cheer up.
We’re heading back to the Clark family house for dinner later.
”
Stella was taken aback.
“So suddenly? Is everything okay?”
Matthew’s smile was reassuring.
“No need to fret.
Grandma wants to see you.
It’s been too long, and she misses you.
”
Stella and Matthew returned to the Clark family estate today.
On their way there, they dropped by some shops and bought some health supplements.
As soon as they walked into the living room, Stella heard some laughter inside.
She recognized Lucia’s voice.
But there was another unfamiliar female voice she had never heard before.
She subconsciously looked at Matthew and asked, “Is there a guest today?”
Matthew shook his head.
He also looked a little confused.
“I don’t know.
Grandma hasn’t mentioned it to me.
Come on, let’s go in and have a look.
”
In the living room, Waldo sat in his old seat while Lucia talked to a woman.
Stella couldn’t see the woman’s face from where she stood.
But through the woman’s back and voice, she could tell that she was a young woman.
Stella was a little curious, but she didn’t say anything.
She walked over and greeted Lucia, saying, “Hello, Lucia! Matthew and I are back.
”
It was only then that Lucia noticed that Stella and Matthew were already there.
She waved at Stella and greeted her warmly, “Oh, Stella, you’re here.
”
Then, she saw the things in Stella’s hands.
She smiled and pretended to complain, “Hey, why do you bring so many things? You don’t have to give us any gifts, okay?”
###chapter1863
Stella handed the health supplements to the maid next to her and said, “I’m sorry for not visiting you and Waldo for a long time.
Matthew and I have been too busy with work recently.
Fortunately, we’re both free today, so we can come over.
I bought something for you on the way.
How have you been recently?”
Lucia gave Stella a kind smile and answered, “I’m fine.
Waldo and I are both doing fine.
But I miss you a little because I haven’t seen you for a while.
”
Stella looked at Matthew and said to Lucia, “It’s our fault.
We’ve been too busy and haven’t come home to see you.
But we will visit you often to spend more time with you from now on.
”
Lucia’s smile deepened.
“I know you are a good girl.
Don’t worry.
I understand that you young people should focus on your careers.
I only asked you to come today because I have something important to tell you.
”
Then, she took the young woman’s hand and said to Stella, “This is Lindsay Wheeler.
I want to introduce you two to each other.
”
Stella looked at the pure and lovely young woman in front of her.
When their eyes met, Lindsay smiled at her.
She nodded at Lindsay in response.
Lucia continued, “Lindsay is my good friend’s granddaughter.
She was with me when she was a little girl.
But she went abroad to study not long after Matthew came back.
She was busy with her studies and couldn’t come home.
Recently, she has had some free time, so she came to visit.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
“So, you’re Stella.
Lucia talks a lot about you,” Lindsay said with a sweet smile.
“You are indeed very beautiful.
You and Matthew are a perfect match.
I was supposed to come back and attend your wedding.
But unfortunately, my professor didn’t allow me to go.
Please don’t blame me.
”
Stella replied, “It’s okay.
Don’t worry about it.
Studies are more important.
”
Actually, she was a little surprised.
This was her first time knowing there was such a person in the Clark family.
She had never heard Lucia or Matthew mention about Lindsay.
Lindsay then turned to Matthew and greeted him.
“Matthew, long time no see.
”
“Um,” Matthew hummed coldly.
A trace of sadness appeared on Lindsay’s face.
“Matthew, you are still so cold.
”
Lucia smiled.
“Don’t you still know him? He has always been like this.
He hasn’t changed at all.
”
“Oh, yes, you’re right.
I haven’t been back for a long time, and I thought Matthew’s character would change after he got married.
I didn’t expect him to be still so cold,” Lindsay said helplessly.
But there was a faint hint of complaint in her tone.
Then, she looked at Stella and said, “Because of Matthew’s temper, he has few friends.
So, Stella, you should keep him in check.
”
Stella hadn’t encountered anyone as enthusiastic and energetic as Lindsay in a long time.
The talkative young woman made Stella feel a tad overwhelmed.
Not knowing how to respond to Lindsay’s comment on Matthew’s temper, Stella changed the topic.
“Are you still a student? What’s your major field of study?”
Lindsay replied with a smile, “I just graduated.
I majored in financial management, though my grades weren’t stellar like yours.
”
She then praised Stella, saying, “When I was abroad, I had watched a lot of news about you.
Even Bella, the design master from Dorburn, spoke highly of you.
You are awesome.
”
Stella blushed at the compliment.
“Well, design is just a minor for me.
My background is in public relations.
Bella’s recognition was unexpected Luck.
”
Lindsay scoffed playfully.
“Luck? Come on, Stella! You’ve impressed Bella, a renowned designer.
That’s no fluke.
”
###chapter1864
Stella remained modest, her smile genuine.
Lucia, sensing the camaraderie between the two, encouraged them.
“Lindsay and Stella are close in age and share common interests.
You should chat more.
”
Lindsay grinned.
“As long as Stella doesn’t mind my constant chatter.
”
Just then, a servant interrupted, saying to the elderly couple respectfully, “Dinner is ready, Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark.
”
“Let’s eat.
Conversation can continue over food.
” Lucia stood.
Stella moved to assist Lucia, but Lindsay beat her to it.
Arm in arm, the two women walked toward the dining room, laughter trailing behind them.
Stella lowered her hand and followed behind them.
They walked into the dining room.
Lindsay was very outgoing, engaging actively at the table, which kept Lucia and Waldo smiling constantly.
The atmosphere was livelier than before.
Stella could see that both Lucia and Waldo were very fond of Lindsay.
They clearly adored her.
But upon further reflection, she understood.
After all, before Matthew joined the family, only Lindsay stayed here, keeping the elderly couple company like a granddaughter.
Naturally, they loved her deeply.
Suddenly, Waldo turned to Matthew and said, “Now that Lindsay has graduated and come back, you should secure a job for her at the Prosperity Group.
”
Matthew responded softly, “Hmm, I get it.
”
“Grandpa… Why do you want me to start working right after I graduated?” Lindsay said in a
playful, spoiled tone.
“I just want to enjoy some free time first.
”
“It’s fine if you don’t want to work.
The Clark family can support you regardless.
”
“No, that’s not what I want.
I’m determined to work hard and follow Stella’s example to become a successful woman like her.
” Lindsay promptly amended her statement.
Stella smiled quietly.
“Whatever you wish,” Lucia smiled.
After pondering for a moment, Lucia spoke earnestly.
“Since Lindsay intends to work, it wouldn’t be convenient for her to stay here.
Let’s find her a place near the company.
”
“Oh,” Lindsay interjected, “Grandma, please don’t worry.
I’m not a child anymore.
I have my own plans.
”
Lucia gently patted her forehead and smiled, “You always have everything planned out.
Well, as long as you’re happy, dear.
”
###chapter1865
“Thank you, Grandma.
You’re always so kind to me,” Lindsay expressed warmly.
After speaking, she turned to Stella.
“Stella, would you mind accompanying me to look for a place to live?”
Stella hadn’t anticipated Lindsay making such a request.
She was momentarily stunned.
Matthew frowned and coldly replied, “Don’t bother.
There are many properties under Prosperity Group.
You can choose one of them to Live in.
”
“Well…” Lindsay hesitated.
“But I just graduated.
If my colleagues see me living in such luxurious area, it wouldn’t be appropriate.
I want to keep a low profile.
”
She smiled carelessly as she added, “If it’s not convenient for Stella, I can go by myself.
”
Stella found herself unable to refuse.
Softly, she responded, “It’s no trouble.
I’ll accompany you tomorrow afternoon.
I happen to be familiar with the area near the company.
”
Lindsay’s smile brightened instantly.
“Thank you, Stella.
You’re incredibly kind.
”
Stella wasn’t accustomed to such enthusiasm.
Nonetheless, she responded with a smile.
The dinner atmosphere was delightful.
Afterward, Stella and Matthew spent some time accompanying Lucia.
Stella briefly updated Lucia on recent events.
Lindsay interjected suddenly, “Considering Matthew’s condition, he should be nearly recovered by now.
I heard about his injury before, and it almost scared me to death.
”
Lucia patted her hand gently and said, “Lindsay was extremely concerned at that time and wanted to return to see you, Matthew, but things were too chaotic then.
I didn’t allow her to come back.
”
Matthew spoke with indifference.
“I’m nearly fully recovered.
No need to worry.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
They sat together, engaging in lengthy conversation.
Lindsay reminisced extensively about the past.
Both Waldo and Lucia listened attentively, finding amusement in Lindsay’s entertaining storytelling style.
Matthew remained mostly silent.
He was already an adult when he had joined the Clark family, so he wasn’t familiar with Lindsay’s past.
He sat quietly on the sidelines.
Stella, on the other hand, smiled awkwardly.
She only chimed in with a few words whenever she was mentioned in the conversation.
As time passed, Matthew noticed the fatigue on Stella’s face and interjected, “It’s getting late.
We have plans for tomorrow.
Time to head home.
We’ll come to visit you another day, Grandma.
”
Glancing at her watch, Lucia exclaimed, “I got so caught up in the moment, I forgot about the time! Take care on your way and return whenever you’re available.
”
“Yes, we will.
We’re heading out now.
” After Stella bid farewell to the two elders, Lindsay escorted them to the gate of the house.
Then Stella turned to Lindsay, saying, “Let me know when you’re ready to check out the rental apartments tomorrow.
”
###chapter1866
With a smile, Lindsay waved at Stella, saying, “See you tomorrow.
”
Stella nodded and stepped into the car.
As the car drove away, Stella let out a sigh.
Hearing her sigh, Matthew glanced over and suggested, “If you’re tired, feel free to take a nap.
I’ll let you know once we’re back home.
”
Stella shook her head and offered a helpless smile.
“I’m not tired, just dealing with a headache.
”
She smiled and remarked, “It’s been a while since I’ve encountered someone as energetic as Lindsay.
It’s a bit overwhelming.
Perhaps I’m just getting old.
”
As she spoke, Stella couldn’t shake the thought that she’d never heard of Lindsay from Matthew before.
He hadn’t even mentioned her or invited her to their wedding.
Unable to suppress her curiosity, she asked, “Since she’s like your sister, why didn’t we invite her to our wedding? We should have at least sent her an invitation.
”
Matthew replied, “I’m not very familiar with her.
”
Stella fell silent.
That was Matthew’s typical behavior.
He explained, “About a year after I returned to the Clark family, Grandpa sent her abroad.
We didn’t have much opportunity to spend time together…”
Speaking of this, he suddenly recalled something and stopped.
Stella was completely absorbed in Matthew’s explanation when he suddenly stopped.
Compelled by curiosity, she urged, “Why don’t you continue?”
Coming back to the present, Matthew paused thoughtfully before revealing, “When I first returned to the Clark family, my grandfather encouraged me to pursue my studies relentlessly.
During those late nights, my grandmother would prepare midnight snacks for me.
If it was too late, she’d send Lindsay with the food.
One night, Lindsay had an accident on her way back and was seriously injured.
”
His voice dropped, a frown creasing his forehead.
Stella hadn’t expected such a revelation, and it left her feeling profoundly mixed emotions.
Matthew, despite his cold exterior, was fundamentally a warm-hearted man.
Stella knew he carried a burden of guilt, even if he said nothing.
She nodded slightly, her voice firm with resolve.
“I will treat her as my own sister.
If she needs anything, I’ll do my best to help.
”
Matthew looked at her and clarified, “I shared this with you not because I expect you to act on it, but because I don’t want to keep secrets from you.
Don’t feel burdened.
You are my wife, but that doesn’t mean you have to shoulder all Clark family responsibilities with me.
”
Hearing Matthew’s tender voice, warmth flooded Stella’s heart.
She looked at him earnestly and shook her head gently.
“It’s never a burden to me.
Being your wife, I want to share in everything with you, not just in work, but in life’s responsibilities as well.
”
Matthew pulled Stella close and ki*sed her softly.
“It’s my fortune to have married you.
”
That night, Elizabeth found herself locked in her room, feeling dizzy and in pain.
Despite her condition, neither Bella nor Kristian had called a doctor to attend to her wounds.
###chapter1867
She didn’t turn on the light and lay prone on the bed, her thoughts swirling with the events of the day.
Her disdain for Stella and Bella deepened with each passing moment.
How could such a coincidence happen?
Just as she was discussing their plan with Tyron, Stella and Bella had returned unexpectedly.
They had seen everything.
Was this a trap?
Was going out just a ruse by Bella?
Elizabeth was convinced it had been Stella’s idea all along.
With each thought, her anger surged.
“If I returned to Dorburn just like this, Stella would only grow more smug.
Damn it!” Elizabeth cursed.
She should have been more careful.
In a fit of anger, she threw a hard punch onto the bed, only to exacerbate her wounds.
She winced in pain.
Suddenly, the door swung open and the light flickered on.
She squinted slightly to adjust to the sudden brightness.
She thought Bella’s heart had softened, but her hope faded as she saw Kristian standing at the door instead.
Her eyes darkened.
Kristian entered with a medical kit in hand.
He looked down at her with a feigned expression of sympathy.
“Look at you.
What a state you’ve put yourself in.
”
He approached Elizabeth, intending to tend to her wounds, but before he could touch her, she forcefully slapped his hand away.
Elizabeth glared at him furiously.
“Why didn’t you help me earlier? What’s the point of pretending to be good now?”
Remembering how Kristian had not only failed to defend her but had also attacked her earlier, Elizabeth’s anger intensified.
“You must be very pleased to see me like this,” she seethed.
With a fierce stare, she threatened him, “If I’m doomed, do you really think you can live a peaceful life? Let me tell you, don’t get too comfortable.
We’re in this together.
If I can’t escape this situation, you won’t be able to either!”
When Kristian heard Elizabeth’s hysterical threat, a trace of malice flashed through his eyes.
But he had not fully gained Bella’s trust yet, so he couldn’t break his cooperation with Elizabeth.
Thinking of this, he did not lose his temper.
Instead, he suppressed the unhappiness in his heart, smiled hypocritically, and said, “Hey, why are you so angry? We have been on the same side for a long time.
How can I refuse to help you? But you have seen what happened earlier.
Bella firmly believed that you were the one who drugged her.
If I am also dragged into this, our plan over the years will be over.
”
Elizabeth didn’t say anything, but she obviously acquiesced in his words.
The expression on her face softened a lot.
Upon seeing this, Kristian continued to comfort her, “Bella is very angry now.
And whenever she sees you, she will inevitably remember this matter.
So, why don’t you listen to her and go back to Dorburn for the time being?”
After he said this, he saw that Elizabeth was about to lose her temper again.
So, he hurriedly added, “Don’t worry.
I know it will be a sacrifice for you, but I won’t let your effort be in vain.
While you are away, I’ll stay with her and persuade her.
After she calms down, maybe she will forget about it.
”
###chapter1868
Elizabeth was silent for a while.
Then, she sneered and said sarcastically, “Do you really think I am a fool? Do you think I don’t know what you are planning?”
She looked at Kristian resentfully with eyes Like those of a venomous snake.
“You want to send me away so you can have all Bella’s assets to yourself.
But that’s not going to happen.
I’ll tell her the truth now.
I’ll let her know that you also drugged her.
That you have been behind this the whole time.
If I can’t get what I want, you won’t either.
”
After saying this, she got up from the bed.
But before she could leave, Kristian pulled her back.
“Where do you think you’re going?”
Elizabeth’s unreasonable behavior angered Kristian.
“You idiot! What good will it do to you if you tell her about me? If I stay by Bella’s side, you can at least have a chance to turn the tables.
But if she knows that we did it together, not only me but also you will lose the opportunity to get her assets.
”
Elizabeth was rendered speechless by Kristian’s words.
After everything that happened, she was already anxious.
She didn’t have much sense left.
But after thinking about it carefully, she realized his words made sense.
Anger was burning in Kristian’s eyes.
He scolded, “Think about it carefully.
Who has caused this situation today? Everything was fine.
But what did you do to make her find out?”
Elizabeth was at a loss for words.
Kristian looked at her coldly and said sarcastically, “You’ve made such a big mistake, and you want to drag everyone down.
You know what? I used to think you were smart.
But now, it seems you’re too stupid.
”
What he said was true, but Elizabeth still couldn’t help getting angry.
“This is all your fault.
Where have you gone today? If you hadn’t disappeared all of a sudden, I wouldn’t have panicked.
Then, Bella wouldn’t have had the chance to overhear my conversation with Tyron.
Besides, she said she was going out.
Who would have expected she would suddenly come back with that bitch Stella?”
Kristian retorted angrily, “Don’t you have a brain when I’m not around? Do you need me to teach you how to talk? You are no longer a little child.
Don’t you know what to say and what to not?”
Elizabeth and Kristian argued for a while.
In the end, Kristian was the first to calm down.
He threatened in a low voice, “Things have already happened, and we can no longer change it.
But if you still want Bella’s property, you’d better listen to me.
You are my daughter.
No matter what, I won’t be unfair to you.
”
Elizabeth clenched her fists tightly.
She didn’t believe Kristian.
Kristian glanced at her and said, “I know you are not convinced.
But at this moment, you have no other choice but to listen to me.
”
Elizabeth didn’t want to place her hope on a jerk like Kristian.
She thought for a while, struggling desperately.
Then, she shook her head and said, “No, there’s another person who can help me.
”
The next day, Bella and Kristian had breakfast together.
While they ate, Andrew came out of the blue to visit them.
The farce these past few days made Bella feel exhausted.
But when she saw a guest coming to her door, she still pulled herself together.
She smiled and said, “Andrew, long time no see.
What brings you here all of a sudden?”
“I heard you were not feeling well recently, so I came to see you,”
###chapter1869
Andrew answered.
Bella looked at the humble and polite young man in front of her with admiration in her heart.
She said warmly, “Well, it’s rare for you to come over.
If you haven’t had breakfast yet, sit down and join us.
”
Andrew didn’t refuse her offer.
The maid quickly brought tableware for him.
While eating, Bella asked about Andrew’s work.
“How’s your work in Seamarsh going? Do you need any help?”
Andrew looked at her and replied, “Everything is going well.
I don’t need any help for the time being.
But thank you for your concern.
”
Bella nodded, “That’s good, then.
But if you need anything, don’t hesitate to tell me.
”
At this time, Kristian also joined the conversation and chatted with Andrew.
After a while, Andrew asked, “Where is Elizabeth?”
The expression on Bella’s face immediately changed.
But she suppressed the displeasure in her heart and said calmly, “Maybe she’s packing her luggage.
She’s going back to Dorburn this afternoon.
”
“She’s going back to Dorburn?” Andrew looked confused.
“Why so sudden? Did something happen in Dorburn? I just signed a contract with her a few days ago.
She should be joining the crew in a few days.
”
This was what he had promised Elizabeth before.
They made a deal that he would help her for the last time, and they would not owe each other anything in the future.
“I’m afraid you have to find another actress to replace her.
She has to go back to Dorburn,” Bella said apologetically.
Andrew couldn’t help frowning, feeling something was wrong.
As far as he knew, Bella had always spoiled Elizabeth.
She had been very tolerant of her
daughter.
But now, Bella’s tone was very cold when she mentioned Elizabeth.
Something must have really happened.
Andrew was about to ask more when Kristian said sadly, “Bella and Elizabeth have been fighting recently.
It will be good for them to separate for a while so they can calm down.
”
As soon as he said this, the atmosphere at the dining table dropped.
Kristian tried to smooth things over.
“Okay, let’s not talk about unpleasant things.
Let’s enjoy our meal.
”
Andrew hesitated for a moment.
Then he said, “Although Elizabeth is a bit willful, I think her intentions are good.
If there’s any misunderstanding, it’s better to resolve it face to face.
If it drags on, it will affect your relationship.
”
Judging from his words, Bella could tell Andrew was here to persuade her.
###chapter1870
She looked a little unhappy.
Her purpose in sending Elizabeth back to Dorburn was to let Elizabeth reflect on herself.
But Andrew’s visit today made her realize that Elizabeth still did not discern her mistake.
Instead, Elizabeth asked someone else to intercede for her.
Now that Bella had figured out Andrew’s purpose in coming today, she asked directly, “Before speaking for her, have you known what she has done?”
Andrew was stunned for a moment.
This was his first time seeing such a cold expression on Bella’s face.
He smiled awkwardly and asked, “Is there any misunderstanding here?”
Bella didn’t want to continue covering up for Elizabeth.
“I also hope it’s just a misunderstanding.
But I heard it with my own ears.
She conspired with our family doctor to drug me until I lost my mind.
”
It was not easy for Bella to say these things.
But she closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and told Andrew everything.
Andrew’s face darkened with shock.
Last night, he received a call from Elizabeth.
She was crying desperately, explaining that Bella had misunderstood her, severed her contact with the outside world, and even intended to send her away.
With great effort, she convinced her father to allow her to contact him.
She hoped Andrew could help persuade Bella.
‘s BunnyBookery
He had always believed that Elizabeth was simply spoiled and somewhat willful.
Bella had helped him, so for her sake, he didn’t want to see their mother-daughter relationship ruined.
Nonetheless, he never anticipated Elizabeth would commit such a despicable act.
Andrew had a sinking feeling that he had been deceived.
Witnessing the tension, Kristian intervened to ease the situation.
“Well, Andrew was unaware of the truth.
It’s a rare opportunity for us to dine together.
Let’s steer clear of this topic.
”
Bella refused to brush it aside.
She addressed Andrew earnestly, saying, “I’ve failed in raising
my daughter properly.
I indulged her too much in the past, and it’s led her to become such a despicable person.
It’s truly shameful.
I once hoped you’d be with her, but now it appears she doesn’t deserve you.
Moving forward, no matter what she asks you to do, exploiting your gratitude toward me, don’t listen.
”
After nodding in acknowledgment, Andrew lapsed into silence.
Kristian observed Bella’s expression closely.
He could discern her genuine anger and deep disappointment with Elizabeth this time.
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have confided in Andrew, an outsider.
With things having reached this point, it would be even more challenging for Elizabeth to reverse the situation.
As he was lost in thought, Elizabeth suddenly descended the stairs.
Upon noticing Andrew seated at the table as well, her face lit up with joy.
She was confident that seeking Andrew’s assistance would be effective.
After all, Bella would undoubtedly do him a favor.
###chapter1871
“Good morning, Andrew,” she greeted.
“Are you here to discuss joining the film crew with me? I’m afraid we have to postpone it a bit.
I have some matters to attend to recently…”
But Andrew merely gave her a cold stare.
Bella’s expression darkened, and she spoke icily.
“Who allowed her to come out?”
The smile vanished from Elizabeth’s face as she approached Bella, her tone turning pleading.
“Mom, there’s been a misunderstanding.
Stella framed me!”
Elizabeth’s tone grew heated after bringing up Stella’s name.
“Can’t you see that? Yesterday, she attempted to sow division between us.
Remember, we’re family.
Don’t let others deceive you.
”
Bella looked at her with a blank expression.
Elizabeth bit her lip and whispered, “Plus, I’ve secured a job in Seamarsh.
I’ve already signed a contract with Andrew, so I must keep my word.
I can’t leave.
”
Bella remained unmoved by her pleading, her demeanor cold and resolute.
“I’ve finalized an arrangement with Andrew.
He’ll arrange for someone else to take your place.
Your flight departs this afternoon, and you’ll be picked up upon arrival in Dorburn,” she stated firmly.
“Are you truly set on sending me away?” Elizabeth asked, disbelief coloring her tone.
Sensing the impasse in the atmosphere, Andrew rose from his seat and spoke.
“The meal was excellent, Bella.
Thank you for your hospitality.
I’m glad to see you’re doing well.
Since there’s nothing more, I‘Il bid you farewell.
”
Andrew represented Elizabeth’s last hope.
Seeing him about to depart, she felt a surge of panic.
She halted him, urgently pleading, “Don’t leave.
Didn’t you promise to speak on my behalf?”
“Enough Elizabeth! The most regrettable part of my life is knowing you.
Loving you is the biggest mistake I’ve ever made.
”
Andrew spoke coldly, and then left without giving Elizabeth another glance.
Stunned, Elizabeth stood motionless.
She had heard no romantic affairs about Andrew since their separation, leading her to believe he still held feelings for her.
This belief made her think he would always support her, no matter the circumstances.
Yet, his parting words had been harsh, declaring loving her was the biggest mistake he had made.
Turning to Bella for any sign of empathy, Elizabeth found only indifference.
Feeling betrayed and abandoned by all her closest ones, her heart sank.
After Andrew’s departure, Bella stood, her words sharp.
“You don’t need others to speak for you.
I wish what I saw yesterday was just a dream.
If you weren’t my biological daughter, I would’ve called the police.
”
Elizabeth faced Bella and Kristian, her tone dripping with sarcasm.
“Biological daughter?” She scoffed.
“Have you ever truly cared about me? Do you even know what I endured as a child? You only care about your designs, your career, your honor-they are your true daughters—”
She couldn’t finish; Bella slapped her, trembling with anger.
###chapter1872
Bella believed she owed Elizabeth nothing.
She was fed up with Elizabeth blaming everyone else without any self-reflection.
“Get out of here.
Go back to Dorburn,” Bella said firmly.
“And don’t ever show your face to me again.
”
Kristian, seeing Bella agitated, quickly intervened.
“Calm down, you need to rest,” he urged her.
“I’ll handle this.
”
Bella retreated upstairs without another word, eager to avoid any further confrontation with Elizabeth.
It was only after she had vanished from view that Kristian pulled Elizabeth aside.
‘s BunnyBookery
His frown was deep as he chided her, “What are you thinking? Why provoke her now? This is only making things worse.
”
Elizabeth, seething with anger, said nothing.
“You see how things are,” Kristian pressed on.
“It’s only going to get worse if you stay.
The best thing you can do now is leave.
”
Elizabeth looked as if she wanted to argue.
Kristian cut her off.
“Don’t argue with me.
Yesterday, I heard Bella was ready to formally announce Stella as the successor of the studio.
If this continues, and Bella discovers the truth about her relationship with Stella, she might just leave everything to Stella.
”
As he spoke, Kristian repeatedly reassured Elizabeth of the reliability of his information.
Feeling cornered, Elizabeth finally spoke up, her voice low.
“I understand.
I’ll take responsibility and won’t expose you.
”
Relieved by her understanding, Kristian’s expression softened.
Elizabeth quickly shifted the focus, her tone harsh.
“But you must promise me a share of Bella’s assets.
If you’re lying to me, I’m prepared to drag you down to hell with me.
”
Kristian assured her firmly, “Don’t worry.
As long as I secure that inheritance, you’ll get your fair share.
”
Once Elizabeth calmed down, Kristian allowed himself a sigh of relief.
In Prosper Bay, Stella was getting ready to visit Bella when she noticed Lindsay stepping out of
a car.
Surprised, she didn’t understand why Lindsay had arrived so early; they had planned to meet later in the day.
Approaching Stella with a smile, Lindsay asked, “Are you heading out? Did I come at a bad time?”
Stella spoke softly.
“It’s okay.
I was expecting you later this afternoon.
”
With a look of remorse, Lindsay replied, “I should have told you sooner.
I was cooking with Grandma, and she suggested I bring some over.
Since we planned to meet up, I thought the morning would be as good as the afternoon.
If it’s inconvenient now, I can leave the food and come back later.
”
Seeing Lindsay at her doorstep, Stella had no reason to turn her away, especially since she was practically family.
“It’s alright,” Stella reassured her, opening the gate wider.
“I’m free today.
”
Kristian was taking care of Bella, and Elizabeth would return to Dorburn soon.
Stella decided she could visit Bella another time.
###chapter1873
Once inside, Lindsay surveyed the house with a quiet curiosity, her eyes momentarily sparking with interest.
She set the food on the table and casually inquired, “Matthew isn’t home?”
Stella, busy pouring water, responded without looking up.
“He left for the office early today.
”
Lindsay took the glass with a sigh.
“He’s working so hard.
”
Stella smiled as she handed her the water.
“He’s got his hands full managing a large company.
There’s no downtime for him.
”
“That’s true,” Lindsay agreed, nodding.
“With great power comes great responsibility.
”
They sat down to enjoy the desserts Lindsay had brought, which were exquisitely made; even the jelly seemed to dance under the spoon’s touch.
After Stella took a bite of the treat, Lindsay’s eyes sparkled.
Eagerly, she asked, “How does it taste? Is it good?”
“It’s delicious,” Stella responded warmly.
“When did you learn to bake?”
“Oh, I picked it up while studying abroad; I was just killing time.
If you like it, I can make more and bring them over,” Lindsay offered modestly.
Seeing her undiminished enthusiasm, Stella smiled and expressed her gratitude.
She then shifted the topic to their main agenda for the day.
“Last night, I found some apartments near Prosperity Group.
I narrowed it down to three good ones.
You can pick whichever you Like best.
”
Handing over the tablet PC to Lindsay, she awaited her response.
Taking the matter of Lindsay’s accommodation seriously, especially after Matthew’s mention of the past the previous day, Stella had chosen the apartments carefully.
They struck the right balance between luxury and comfort.
“Thank you, Stella.
” Lindsay briefly looked at the tablet before setting it aside, her expression uneasy.
Sensing Lindsay hesitate to speak, Stella probed gently, “What’s on your mind? If there are any concerns, feel free to share them.
”
Lindsay hesitated, and then admitted with a touch of embarrassment, “Last night, Grandma
mentioned how busy you are.
Between your studio and the Prosperity Group project, you’ve got a lot on your plate.
I didn’t want to impose, so I started looking on my own.
I found a place, but I haven’t checked it out in person yet.
”
Surprised, Stella took a moment to reply.
“That’s not a problem at all.
It’s important that you Like where you live.
Let’s go check it out together.
If it looks good, we can finalize the paperwork today.
”
Gratefully, Lindsay clasped Stella’s arm, her eyebrows raised in appreciation.
“Thank you, Stella.
You’re truly kind.
”
When Kristian returned to the room, Bella was sitting on the edge of the bed and crying.
It looked like she was really hurt by Elizabeth.
He thought for a while.
Then, he sat beside her, held her in his arms, and said comfortingly, “I’ve sent Elizabeth back to Dorburn.
Don’t be angry now.
”
But Bella couldn’t calm down at all.
She was disturbed by Elizabeth’s questions and accusations.
After being silent for a while, she raised her head, looked at Kristian, and asked again, “Why did Andrew suddenly come over today? Was it you who helped Elizabeth contact him?”
Bella had cut off Elizabeth’s contact with the outside world.
So, the only person who could help her was Kristian.
###chapter1874
Bella already doubted that Kristian had conspired with Elizabeth.
Now, she couldn’t help suspecting him again.
Kristian sensed Bella’s suspicion, and his brows furrowed tightly.
He hid his true emotions in his eyes and put on a guilty look.
“It’s all my fault.
As a father, I didn’t teach Elizabeth well.
That’s why she made such a huge mistake.
But when she begged me last night, I didn’t have the heart to refuse her.
I know you were also sad when she broke up with Andrew.
I thought if they could reconcile, maybe Andrew could help us restrain her.
”
After saying this, he sighed helplessly.
“I blame myself for being softhearted and thoughtless.
I messed up and embarrassed you.
”
Bella was very dissatisfied that Kristian called Andrew.
But when she saw his sincere apology, she couldn’t say any harsh words to him.
Kristian was the one who stayed by Elizabeth’s side most of the time during those years when Bella was busy with her work.
In short, he personally brought Elizabeth up.
So, now that Elizabeth had become like this, Kristian must have felt worse than Bella did.
At the thought of this, Bella’s tone softened when she said, “What happened to Elizabeth is not entirely your fault.
I am also responsible for it.
But we can no longer tolerate her in everything she wants to do, like before.
Otherwise, she will only go too far.
”
Kristian nodded in agreement.
“After Elizabeth returns, I’ll ask someone to watch over her.
I’ll try to make her learn more, enrich herself, and stop thinking about other things.
Since you want to recuperate in Seamarsh, I’ll stay here with you.
”
He paused and said gently, “I heard that Stella found a doctor and has already made a treatment plan for you.
I will accompany you when the time comes.
Everything will be fine.
”
The warmth in Kristian’s eyes dissipated all the doubts in Bella’s heart.
She appreciated his offer.
But she didn’t want to trap him in Seamarsh, so she said, “You go back and do your business.
Don’t worry about me.
I can take care of myself.
”
But Kristian shook his head.
“No.
I have decided to stay with you.
How can business be more important than your health? Besides, after everything that happened, you need me.
So, I want to be with you.
”
Kristian was very firm with his words, so Bella didn’t insist on refusing.
Kristian secretly breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that Bella had calmed down.
He said gently, “I’ll call Stella later to thank her for keeping you company during this period.
She has been so worried about you that she personally found a doctor for you.
But that day, Elizabeth was too emotional, and her actions frightened her.
I want to invite Stella and Mr.
Clark to dinner at home tonight to thank them.
”
Bella had no ion to Kristian’s plan.
She was even satisfied with his way of dealing with things.
“Okay, just make arrangements according to your plan,” she said.
Bella realized maybe she shouldn’t have vented her anger on Kristian.
Kristian held Bella in his arms without saying anything.
But his eyes darkened.
Stella took the wheel, driving Lindsay to check out the apartment Lindsay had chosen.
Along the way, Stella’s phone rang, displaying an unfamiliar number.
Confused, she answered the call.
“Is this Stella? It’s Kristian,” the voice on the other end introduced himself.
Stella had a favorable impression of him, so she politely responded, “Hello.
How may I assist you?”
###chapter1875
Kristian’s voice resonated through the phone.
“I wanted to express my gratitude to you and Mr.
Clark for taking care of my wife recently.
We’d like to extend an invitation for dinner at our home tonight if you’re available.
”
Stella glanced at Lindsay instinctively.
They had plans to visit the apartment today and sign the contract if all went well.
However, she couldn’t simply send Lindsay home afterward; she needed to ensure she was familiar with the surrounding area.
Uncertain of their timing, Stella hesitated for a moment before politely declining Kristian’s invitation.
“I’m terribly sorry.
I have some pressing matters to attend to at home tonight.
Perhaps we could visit you and Bella tomorrow?”
“It’s not a problem at all.
We have some free time lately, so feel free to visit whenever suits you,” Kristian responded understandingly.
After bidding him farewell, Stella ended the call.
Lindsay, having overheard their conversation, expressed her guilt.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Stella, did I disrupt your plans? I should have informed you earlier,” she said apologetically.
Stella waved off her concerns with a reassuring smile.
“It’s not urgent.
Besides, I promised you last night that I’d accompany you to find an apartment.
You don’t need to apologize.
”
Lindsay nodded, and then ventured, “I overheard you mentioning Bella.
Do you two have a close relationship?”
Stella, wary of delving into the topic of Bella, offered a vague response.
“We have some common ground, and we interact frequently due to work.
”
“I see,” Lindsay acknowledged with a gentle smile.
“I recall there hasn’t been any update about Bella naming a successor for her studio.
It seems like that role might be destined for you, doesn’t it?”
Stella merely smiled, choosing not to comment further on the matter.
Coincidentally, they had arrived at their destination, so the conversation naturally concluded.
Exiting the car, Stella and Lindsay contacted the landlord and proceeded to view the apartment together.
The space was modest, comprising one bedroom and a living room, yet it boasted tasteful decor.
Situated near Prosperity Group, it offered convenient access to work.
Lindsay appeared content with the place.
After a moment’s contemplation, Stella expressed her thoughts.
“While this is nice, it’s a bit small.
Let me find you a larger place so you can live more comfortably.
”
Lindsay waved off Stella’s concern, asserting, “No, I’ll be fine living alone.
This is sufficient for me.
”
Stella tried to persuade Lindsay otherwise.
Lindsay bowed her head slightly and confided, “Though I grew up in the Clark family, I’m not related to them by blood.
I’ve relied on Grandma’s affection for me.
Now that I’ve graduated, I want to stand on my own and care for Grandpa and Grandma with my own abilities.
”
Sensing Lindsay’s emotions rising, Stella sought to reassure her.
“Don’t think Like that.
Waldo and Lucia adore you and consider you their own granddaughter.
The entire family sees you as one of their own.
”
“I know, and I’m grateful for that,” Lindsay acknowledged, her voice quivering.
“But I can’t be selfish.
###chapter1876
Before Stella could interject, Lindsay offered a gentle smile.
“Please don’t worry about me.
This place is more than enough.
”
Observing Lindsay’s resolute decision, Stella refrained from further commentary.
Lindsay entered into a direct contract with the landlord.
However, as she was ready to finalize the rent payment, Stella preempted her.
Addressing the landlord, Stella offered, “Allow me to pay for it.
”
“You pay for it?” Lindsay questioned, taken aback.
With a nod, Stella tenderly expressed, “Consider this a token of appreciation.
Our encounter was abrupt yesterday, leaving me without a chance to prepare a gift.
This is my gift to you.
”
Observing Stella’s completion of the rent payment, Lindsay opted not to intervene.
Gratefully, she remarked, “Thank you.
I’ll treat you to dinner once I receive my salary.
”
Stella responded with a smile, “I eagerly anticipate it.
”
As Lindsay clasped her hand, she affectionately stated, “Stella, your beauty and kindness are remarkable.
Matthew is truly fortunate to have you.
”
Stella, recognizing her vivacity, merely smiled upon hearing Lindsay’s words, refraining from responding.
Following the contract signing, the landlord departed first, prompting Stella to accompany Lindsay for a stroll around the neighborhood to acquaint themselves with the surroundings.
“I’ll arrange for your apartment to be cleaned later.
” Stella contemplated the impending move, considering the necessary preparations.
“There’s a nearby supermarket.
Since you’re moving in, you probably need to purchase plenty of daily essentials.
Allow me to accompany you.
”
“Agreed.
Having you here is wonderful,” said Lindsay happily.
The pair conversed and laughed as they made their way to the supermarket.
Midway through their journey, Stella’s shoulder was abruptly struck from behind.
Without a moment to respond, her handbag was swiftly seized by an unknown assailant.
Her arm was pulled with agonizing force, leaving her only able to catch a fleeting glimpse of the culprit’s back.
The towering and robust man, adorned with a peaked cap, swiftly seized her bag before dashing forward with resolve.
“Thief Stella screamed, propelled into action without pause for thought, chasing after him.
!”
“Stella!” Lindsay followed her.
Stella sought assistance while in motion, yet no passerby traversed this road.
Lindsay seized a stone from the earth and struck the robber’s leg.
The assailant stumbled, plummeting to the ground, and the bag was promptly retrieved by Lindsay.
“Let’s depart!” Amid their flight, Lindsay clutched Stella’s bag tightly to her chest and fled alongside Stella.
###chapter1877
The robber cursed, “Bitches.
”
He extracted a folding knife and directed it toward Stella with a slashing motion.
“Stella, look out!” Lindsay swiftly shielded Stella, using her body to intercept the assailant’s assault.
Upon hearing Lindsay’s outcry, Stella anxiously exclaimed, “Lindsay!”
The assailant likely perceived an injury and, fearing the potential attention from nearby residents due to the noise, hastily fled the scene.
Lindsay’s sleeve was already tainted with blood.
She returned the bag to Stella and grinned.
“Stella, inspect for any missing items.
”
Observing Lindsay’s concern for the contents of Stella’s bag despite her injury stirred a profound sadness within Stella.
As the robber seized the knife moments ago, Stella found her thoughts dissipating into emptiness, yet Lindsay instinctively shielded her from harm.
Stella’s heart swelled with gratitude, yet as she caught sight of the blood staining Lindsay’s arm, a shadow fell across her face.
“Say nothing.
Let us prioritize getting you to the hospital.
Your arm requires immediate attention.
”
Amidst the hospital corridors, Stella anxiously awaited Lindsay’s treatment when a call from Matthew interrupted her thoughts.
“My tasks are complete.
I’ll pick you up later for our house viewing.
”
Stella’s voice assumed a grave tone.
“We’re currently at the hospital.
”
“Hospital?” Matthew’s anxiety spiked immediately.
“What prompted your sudden hospital visit? Are you injured?”
Stella said, “It’s not me.
It’s Lindsay…”
She recounted the entire ordeal to Matthew, detailing the moment when the robber brandished
a knife at her, and Lindsay intervened to shield her from harm.
As she concluded her narrative, Lindsay emerged from the hospital room, having tended to her injuries.
“Which hospital are you in? I’ll pick you up,” Matthew offered.
However, Stella refused.
Looking at Lindsay talking to the doctor not far away, she hurriedly said, “No, thanks.
Lindsay has been bandaged.
I’ll take her home later.
You can go home directly.
”
Then, she hung up, put her phone away, and walked toward Lindsay.
The doctor was explaining to Lindsay about wound care.
“You can get the medicine now.
Remember not to wet your wound.
Then, start applying the medicine tomorrow.
”
Stella remembered the doctor’s words in detail and asked him about the condition of Lindsay’s injury.
The doctor said, “The wound is not too deep, so we didn’t suture it.
Light diet for now and take good care of the wound until it heals.
Don’t worry.
It won’t leave any scars.
”
Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
After thanking the doctor, she took Lindsay to the cashier to pay the bill and then went to the pharmacy to get the medicine.
###chapter1878
Even when they were already back in the car, Stella was still very careful not to hit or touch Lindsay’s wound, afraid Lindsay would get hurt again.
Lindsay smiled and said, “Stella, don’t worry too much about me, okay? It’s just a small wound.
I’m fine.
The doctor didn’t even suture it.
It will heal in no time.
”
However, Stella still couldn’t help feeling guilty.
After all, Lindsay was hurt because of her.
“I’m sorry.
It’s all my fault.
I should have been the one who got injured.
”
Every time she thought of that scene, she felt regretful.
After her bag was snatched from her, she shouldn’t have rushed up rashly.
She and Lindsay were both women.
How could they be a match for a male robber?
“Stella, don’t blame yourself.
I’m really fine.
Don’t worry about such a trifle.
For me, there’s nothing wrong with it.
But your behavior now makes me feel at a loss,” Lindsay said thoughtfully.
Stella looked at Lindsay.
Her lips moved as if she wanted to say something.
But in the end, she could only apologize.
Lindsay said comfortingly, “Didn’t you say we are family? So, in such a situation, I couldn’t just watch you get hurt.
I know you will also do the same to me.
”
Stella pursed her lips.
“Still, thank you very much.
But from now on, you have to put your safety first, okay?”
Lindsay nodded.
“Don’t worry.
I’m no longer a child.
I can take care of myself.
”
Stella sighed softly and said, “The security measures in your neighborhood are not sufficient, so you should stay in Prosper Bay during this time.
After you recover, we will help you find a new place.
”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” Lindsay said hesitantly.
“It will be too much trouble for you
and Matthew.
”
However, Stella insisted.
“Your safety is the most important, so don’t resist anymore.
It’s settled.
”
Lindsay had no choice but to agree.
“Okay, I’ll follow your arrangements.
I know you only care for me.
”
When Stella and Lindsay arrived in Prosper Bay, Matthew also just got home.
A hint of surprise flashed across Lindsay’s eyes.
“Matthew, why are you back at this time?”
Matthew approached them and noticed the wound on Lindsay’s arm.
He asked concernedly, “How is it? Is it serious?”
“I’m fine,” Lindsay replied casually.
She still said the same thing.
“It’s just a minor injury.
It will heal in a few days.
You guys don’t take it too seriously.
I’m so embarrassed.
”
Matthew nodded and walked to Stella’s side.
After confirming she was fine, he added, “I’ve sent someone to check the surveillance footage of that neighborhood.
It won’t be long before we find the robber.
He’ll be punished.
”
Lindsay hurriedly shook her head.
“No, it’s not necessary.
”
Matthew and Stella looked at Lindsay with puzzled expressions.
Lindsay held out her injured arm and hurriedly explained, “My injury isn’t serious, and Stella’s fine, too.
That person must’ve been really desperate to rob us in the street in broad daylight.
”
###chapter1879
Matthew didn’t say anything, but he obviously didn’t agree with her.
“I’m fine anyway, so don’t go overboard and force other people into a hopeless situation,” Lindsay added imploringly.
She then turned to Stella and winked at her, secretly asking her to help convince Matthew.
Stella pondered for a few seconds before she eventually agreed.
She then helped convince Matthew not to pursue the matter any further.
Due to Stella’s words, Matthew didn’t insist anymore.
Lindsay secretly breathed a sigh of relief and quickly changed the subject.
“Can you help me lie to Grandma and not tell her about the robbery and my injury?” she begged Stella.
“I don’t want her to worry unnecessarily.
”
“Of course.
No problem,” Stella agreed.
“I’ll call Lucia later and tell her that you’ve just returned from abroad and aren’t settled in yet, so you’ll be staying with me for a while.
”
A sweet smile curved Lindsay’s lips.
“I’m lucky to have you.
If I were alone when this happened, I wouldn’t know what to do.
I’m really grateful.
”
Matthew looked at her injured arm.
“Since you’re hurt, you shouldn’t rush to work.
Focus on recovering first.
”
Lindsay chuckled.
“You don’t have to make a big deal out of it.
You’re making me feel like I’m crippled or something.
”
“Don’t joke like that,” Stella chided.
A mischievous look crossed Lindsay’s eyes, and she turned to Matthew.
“I talked to Grandpa and Grandma last night,” she said.
“I don’t want to jump right into a senior manager position in your company.
I want to start from the bottom and learn from you first.
They agreed, so it’s up to you now.
”
Matthew didn’t mind at all.
“LL have Fernando help train you,” he told her.
The three of them entered the living room as they talked.
Stella got a room ready for Lindsay.
“It’s been cleaned.
If you need anything, just let me know, okay?”
“Thank you,” Lindsay said gratefully.
“You’re welcome.
You must be tired after walking all day, so rest up first,” Stella said.
Then she left the room, closing the door behind her.
Lindsay lay on the bed and rolled over, staring at the ceiling with a meaningful smile on her face.
Meanwhile, after leaving the room, Stella took out her phone and called Lucia.
Lucia’s gentle voice drifted into her ears.
“Stella, why are you calling so suddenly? Did you go apartment hunting with Lindsay today? Is everything all right?”
Stella remembered Lindsay’s words and kept the mugging a secret.
“Everything’s fine,” she assured.
“I called to let you know that Lindsay just got back from abroad, so I’m letting her stay in Prosper Bay for a few days to help her get settled.
”
###chapter1880
Lucia had no ions to that.
“That sounds great.
I’m relieved to see how well you two are getting along.
You’re such a thoughtful person.
With you and Matthew by her side, I don’t think there’s anything for me to worry about,” she said happily.
She then reminded, “Also, if you have time, take Lindsay out more to see the city.
She has been abroad for so long, and she’s not very familiar with Seamarsh.
Getting out frequently will help her adjust more quickly.
”
“Okay.
Don’t worry.
I’ll take good care of Lindsay,” Stella promised.
She hung up the phone just as Matthew entered from the balcony.
He reached out and wrapped her in a warm embrace.
“Did you call Grandma?”
Stella leaned into his chest.
“Yes.
I told her that we’re going to let Lindsay live in Prosper Bay for the time being.
She cares a lot about Lindsay, so if she found out about the incident and her injury, she would be very worried.
”
“Grandma tends to overthink things, so it’s better to hide it from her,” Matthew said in agreement.
Stella nodded, and then remembered Kristian’s invitation.
She looked up at him and said, “By the way, Kristian called me today.
”
“Kristian?” Matthew’s brows furrowed at once.
“Why did he call you?”
Stella told him the truth and then asked, “Are you free tomorrow night? Let’s go there together.
”
“Well, since he took the initiative to invite us, of course, we will go,” Matthew readily agreed.
“We should also ask Bella when she plans to start the treatment.
Cordell is already well-prepared.
”
“So soon?” Stella asked, hugging Matthew.
Matthew nodded in response.
Stella felt much more relieved to see that he had arranged everything.
They both fell silent.
Then, the scene where she was robbed today suddenly appeared in Stella’s mind.
She couldn’t help sighing.
Matthew noticed it.
He asked, “What’s wrong? What are you thinking?”
He lowered his eyes and looked at her.
“I just remember what happened this morning.
” Stella’s shoulders slumped, feeling a lingering fear in her heart.
“When the robber rushed over with a knife, my mind went completely blank.
I didn’t expect Lindsay to stand in front of me.
This time, it’s not only you, but I also owe her a favor.
”
Matthew fell silent.
Stella continued, “We’ve only known each other for a day.
We’re not even close.
But she didn’t stand idly by when such a thing happened to me.
Your grandma has really educated her well.
She has taught Lindsay to become kind and brave.
”
She believed most people would be wise enough to protect themselves first when they encountered such a situation.
After being silent for a while, Matthew said, “She grew up under Grandma’s care, so she must have been influenced by Grandma.
But her family’s situation is a little complicated.
”
Stella raised her head and looked at him in surprise.
“Isn’t she Lucia’s friend’s granddaughter? Why complicated?”
###chapter1881
Actually, she was also a little curious as to why Lindsay was raised by Lucia.
After all, even if Lucia didn’t have a grandchild by her side, no one would be willing to give their own grandchild to someone, no matter how good their relationship was.
Stella pondered for a while.
Then, she asked tentatively, “Could it be that she is not her parents’ biological daughter?”
Matthew shook his head.
“The Wheeler family’s situation is complicated.
But they live far from here.
Since Grandma’s friend entrusted Lindsay to us, the two families haven’t contacted each other for a long time.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella nodded slightly.
She didn’t ask any more questions about it.
On the evening of the next day, Stella and Matthew went to Bella’s house.
When they got out of the car, Kristian came out and greeted them warmly.
“Thank you for coming.
At first, I wanted to book a restaurant outside.
But I changed my mind.
I thought it would be better if I personally cooked at home to show my sincerity.
”
“Don’t mention it,” Stella said.
Then, she asked concernedly, “How’s Bella feeling these days?”
She knew Elizabeth’s actions must have caused a big blow to Bella.
Aside from Bella’s physical condition, Stella was more concerned about her mental health.
Kristian sighed, “She used to love Elizabeth and was very tolerant of her.
It’s impossible for her not to feel sad when something Like this happens.
However, now that Elizabeth has returned to Dorburn and they can’t see each other, Bella can have peace of mind.
She has calmed down a lot in the past two days.
”
Stella was relieved when she heard this.
“That’s good.
”
Kristian shook his head helplessly and sighed again, saying, “Elizabeth has done so many wrong things and caused you so much trouble.
As her father, I feel so embarrassed.
I am really sorry.
”
Kristian’s words were sincere, and he had a sad expression.
This made Stella feel uncomfortable.
She looked at him and said comfortingly, “It’s not your fault.
You and Bella are tolerant and upright elders.
It’s Elizabeth who did not cherish your love.
She let you down.
”
Kristian waved his hand helplessly.
Finally, he praised Stella.
“Now I understand why Bella thinks so highly of you.
You are indeed a very kind person.
”
Stella said modestly, “You are flattering me.
I just did what I could do.
But I know it didn’t help much.
”
“No, don’t say that.
You have helped a lot.
If you didn’t accompany Bella, I’m afraid she would only be sadder.
”
While they were talking, Bella also went downstairs.
And when she saw Stella, a happy smile immediately appeared on her face.
“Stella, Mr.
Clark, here you are.
I’m so glad to see you.
Dinner is ready.
Let’s go to the dining room and eat.
” After saying this, Bella held Stella’s arm and took her to the dining room.
Bella’s warm welcome made Stella and Matthew comfortable as they sat.
Stella felt relieved when she saw that Bella’s mood was much better now.
To not spoil the moment, she didn’t mention those disappointing things in the past few days.
Bella was very enthusiastic.
It was as if she had temporarily forgotten those things.
“Stella, we don’t know what you and Mr.
Clark like to eat, so we can only prepare some popular dishes.
I hope you don’t mind.
”
After she said this, Kristian chimed in, “It’s all my fault.
I should have asked you when I called yesterday.
I was thoughtless.
”
###chapter1882
Stella looked at the exquisite dishes on the table, and she could feel their sincerity.
“No need to trouble yourselves.
We are not picky eaters.
These dishes are great.
”
Kristian gave Stella and Matthew a warm smile, raised his glass, and proposed a toast.
“I want to thank you two for your help that day.
Otherwise, I couldn’t imagine what would have happened.
”
Upon hearing this, Stella instinctively looked at Bella.
And she was relieved when she saw that Bella’s expression remained calm.
Stella shook her head and said, “It’s okay.
It’s not a big deal at all.
Let bygones be bygones.
”
She really didn’t want to talk about Elizabeth.
After all, Elizabeth was Kristian and Bella’s daughter.
Now that Bella was so disappointed in Elizabeth, no one would be happy if this topic continued.
So, Stella decided to change the topic.
She looked at Bella and said, “Actually, there is something important we want to discuss with you today.
”
Then, she looked at Matthew.
Matthew said, “My friend is ready.
He wants to know when you plan to start the treatment so he can make arrangements in advance.
”
Bella frowned and fell into deep thought for a while.
Then, she replied, “How about tomorrow? The earlier, the better.
”
“That’s right.
The earlier, the better.
” Kristian echoed Bella’s words.
He held Bella’s hand, looking very concerned and nervous.
Anyone who saw his deep affection would be moved.
Matthew nodded.
“Okay.
Excuse me for a moment.
I’ll make a phone call.
”
Then, he stood up and went out to call Cordell.
After a while, he returned to the dining table and said, “Cordell will be in the hospital at nine tomorrow morning.
Please be there, and he will arrange everything for you.
”
“I see.
Thank you for your help,” Bella said.
“Don’t mention it,” Matthew said.
Bella smiled.
But Stella could still see her nervousness from her small movements.
So, she said to comfort Bella, “Don’t worry.
Cordell is an excellent doctor.
He can definitely take care of your health.
”
Bella felt a little relieved.
“Stella, I trust you and Mr.
Clark’s friend.
”
Kristian quietly watched the interaction between Stella and Bella.
They didn’t notice that his eyes had darkened.
Stella offered, “Bella, I’ll accompany you to the hospital tomorrow.
”
“Am I not bothering you too much?” Bella asked.
###chapter1883
“No, it’s okay.
Don’t worry about it.
”
Since Stella was insistent, Bella didn’t refuse anymore.
After all, she felt inexplicably more at ease with Stella than with Kristian.
After dinner, Stella chatted with Bella for a while.
But when she saw the tiredness on Bella’s face, she said goodbye to Bella and Kristian and left with Matthew.
Kristian saw them off politely.
On the way back to Prosper Bay, Stella leaned against the car window and looked at the scenery outside.
Matthew noticed that she had been silent since getting in the car, so he asked, “Are you tired?”
His voice brought Stella back to her senses.
She slowly shook her head and confessed, “I’m… I’m just a little worried.
”
Matthew frowned.
“About what? About Bella? Don’t worry.
Cordell is a good doctor.
Everything will be fine.
”
Stella still looked worried.
“There’s no doubt about Cordell’s capabilities.
And the examination results are positive.
Everything will go well.
But for some reason, I feel very uneasy.
I am always worried that something will happen.
”
Matthew held her hand and squeezed it gently.
“Don’t overthink.
The hidden dangers around Bella have been discovered.
As long as she cooperates, the treatment will be successful.
She will be fine.
”
Stella didn’t say anything anymore.
She fell into deep thought.
Matthew continued, “Besides, Bella’s husband will also accompany her.
You’ve seen how he treats her well.
So, he will surely take good care of her.
”
Stella admitted that his words made sense.
She lowered her head and muttered, “Maybe I just care about her so much that I get flustered.
”
Since Kristian was with her, Bella’s condition improved a lot these days.
So, Stella believed Bella would only get better and better.
Stella took a deep breath and patted her cheeks.
“You’re right.
I’m overthinking.
I should stop worrying about it.
I’ll accompany Bella to the hospital tomorrow, so I must condition myself.
I can’t panic in front of her tomorrow.
”
Matthew pinched her face.
“That’s right.
Stay calm, okay? We found out in time that Elizabeth had been drugging Bella.
It didn’t cause irreparable consequences.
As long as Bella receives good treatment, there will be no problem.
She will totally recover.
I will let Cordell pay more attention to her condition.
”
Stella hugged Matthew’s waist and leaned against his chest.
She nodded gently.
It was still early when they arrived in Prosper Bay.
When they entered the house, they saw Erin dealing with the kitchen waste.
There were still a few dishes on the table.
Stella looked around the dining room but didn’t see Lindsay.
So, she asked Erin, “Didn’t Lindsay have dinner?”
Erin sighed and said worriedly, “I went to her room at dinner time, but she said she had no appetite and would eat later.
I asked her again just now.
She said she didn’t want to eat anymore and asked me to get rid of the dishes.
”
###chapter1884
Stella and Matthew looked at each other.
Then, Stella asked worriedly, “Did she say why she didn’t want to eat?”
Erin shook her head.
“She didn’t say anything.
But she doesn’t look well.
Maybe she is not used to staying here.
”
Stella was even more worried.
She turned to Matthew and said, “I’ll go upstairs to check on her.
”
Matthew nodded in agreement.
Stella went upstairs and knocked on the door of Lindsay’s room.
Lindsay heard the knock.
She fixed her hair and stood up to open the door.
But when she saw Stella standing outside the door alone, she felt a sense of loss.
Even so, she didn’t show anything unusual on her face.
She smiled and asked, “Why are you back so early? I thought you would stay long at Bella’s.
”
“Bella has not been feeling well recently, so we have to leave early,”
Stella answered.
After explaining, she was about to ask Lindsay why she skipped dinner.
But before Stella could open her mouth, she saw Lindsay quietly hiding her injured arm behind her back.
When Stella noticed that Lindsay had removed the gauze, she couldn’t help asking, “Are you going to apply medicine and change the dressing?”
Lindsay nodded.
Ever since the doctor bandaged Lindsay’s wound, Stella didn’t know how it was now.
She said worriedly, “I don’t think it’s convenient for you to do it on your own.
Let me help you.
”
“Thank you, but it’s okay.
I can do it,” Lindsay refused, taking a step back.
However, Stella insisted, ignoring her refusal.
“I insist.
It’s just applying medicine.
I can do it.
Don’t worry.
”
After saying this, she gently grabbed Lindsay’s wrist.
Although mentally prepared, she still couldn’t help gasping when she saw Lindsay’s wound.
The wound was not deep, but it was very long.
It hadn’t scabbed yet, and the skin around it was still red.
She could imagine the pain.
At the sight of this, Stella felt even guiltier toward Lindsay.
She was speechless for a while and didn’t know what to do.
“I’d better do it myself,” Lindsay said when she noticed Stella’s reaction.
She slowly withdrew her hand.
But Stella grabbed it again and pulled her into the room.
“You got injured because you wanted to save me.
I have the responsibility to take care of you.
”
Then, Stella asked Lindsay to sit on the chair.
She turned around, opened the medical kit, and took a cotton swab.
She dipped it in the medicine and applied it to Lindsay’s wound.
While doing it, she said, “If you feel pain, tell me.
I’ll try to be as gentle as possible.
”
###chapter1885
Lindsay responded with a nod.
Stella suddenly remembered the untouched dishes.
She said, “Why didn’t you have dinner tonight? Didn’t you like the food cooked by Erin? What do you want to eat? Tell me.
I’ll cook it for you.
”
Lindsay shook her head.
“It’s not because of Erin.
I just have no appetite.
”
“What’s wrong? Does the wound hurt so much that you can’t eat?”
‘s BunnyBookery
“No,” Lindsay said in a low voice.
Stella’s hands didn’t stop moving, but she noticed the disappointment in Lindsay’s words.
She raised her head and was about to ask more.
But she was stunned when she saw the tears in Lindsay’s eyes.
When she came to her senses, Stella immediately stopped what she was doing and asked in a panic, “I’m sorry.
Did I hurt you?”
As soon as she said this, tears streamed down Lindsay’s face, making Stella panic even more.
Lindsay wiped the tears off her face and forced a smile.
“No, it’s not it.
Don’t mind me.
I’m just too weak.
”
Stella sat next to Lindsay and asked in a low voice, “What’s wrong? Is there anything that makes you unhappy?”
“No.
I’ve actually been very happy these days.
I’ve been abroad for a long time, and no one has cared about me like this.
I’m just so moved that I can’t control my emotions.
”
Stella breathed a sigh of relief when she heard this.
She sighed solemnly and said, “I understand how you feel.
”
Stella picked up the cotton swab again and continued applying medicine to Lindsay’s wound, recounting her past.
“I used to study abroad alone.
My grandfather was old, and I didn’t want him to worry about me.
So, I only told him the good things and hid the bad ones.
At that time, I didn’t have many friends, either.
There was almost no entertainment.
I could only use my studies to numb myself every day.
Such a life was really hard and lonely.
”
Because of the robbery incident, Stella grew closer to Lindsay.
Noticing Lindsay’s sorrow, Stella wanted to offer some comfort.
After a long conversation and bandaging her wound, Stella reassured Lindsay, “Don’t worry too much.
Now that you’re back in Seamarsh, you have family and friends nearby.
If you ever find yourself in trouble, you can always ask me and Matthew for help.
”
“Okay, I will,” Lindsay replied, managing a smile through her tears.
Stella handed her some tissues.
“Here, wipe your eyes.
They’re quite swollen.
You don’t want them looking rough tomorrow.
”
Lindsay took the tissues and dabbed at her eyes.
“Grandma was right about you.
You’re truly kind.
She always said I should spend more time with you.
I’ve decided to take her advice.
I hope you won’t mind.
”
With a warm smile, Stella responded, “Of course not.
I don’t have many friends here in Seamarsh.
It would be nice to have someone to talk and shop with.
”
Lindsay seemed less down than she was earlier.
Glancing at her watch, Stella said, “You haven’t eaten yet.
Are you hungry? Maybe we could grab something to eat downstairs? Even if you’re not feeling hungry, you shouldn’t skip meals.
It’s not good for your health.
”
###chapter1886
Lindsay touched her stomach and gave an awkward smile.
“I guess I am a bit hungry, but isn’t it too late? Wouldn’t it be a bother to Erin?”
Stella got up and said, “Not at all.
I’ll make a bowl of noodles for you myself.
”
“Then I’ll look forward to a good meal,” Lindsay said cheerfully, linking arms with Stella.
When they headed downstairs, Matthew was already gone.
Stella went into the kitchen and quickly prepared a bowl of noodles.
After Lindsay had eaten, they both returned to their rooms.
‘s BunnyBookery
In the master bedroom, Matthew, having taken a shower, Leaned against the headboard to handle some business.
Seeing Stella sit down at the dressing table, he got up, embraced her, and ki*sed her cheek.
“What’s going on with Lindsay?” he asked.
Stella shook her head and said, “It’s nothing serious.
She’s just gotten back from abroad and got hurt.
She’s feeling quite sensitive.
”
Matthew remained silent.
He extended his hands and gently massaged Stella’s temples.
“You’ve been busy all day.
Feeling tired?”
Stella closed her eyes, feeling relaxed, and enjoyed a moment of peace.
“Just a bit.
”
Suddenly, Matthew asked, “How about I help you with a shower?”
Stella quickly opened her eyes when she heard this, thinking she must have misheard.
Seeing Matthew’s earnest expression, she felt her cheeks warm.
Under Matthew’s steady gaze, Stella’s face grew increasingly red.
She pushed him away, half-shy, half-annoyed.
“What are you saying? I’m grown up.
I can manage on my own!”
Matthew playfully tugged at her reddened earlobe and chuckled.
“You’re my wife.
Why are you still shy?”
Stella, speechless, just glared at him.
Matthew chuckled.
“Relax, I’m just teasing.
You said you’re tired, right? Let me help you shower so you can rest more.
”
He lifted her in his arms and headed for the bathroom.
“Ah!” Stella was surprised.
She widened her eyes and said, “Put me down! I’m not tired.
I can do it myself!”
Matthew responded casually, “Don’t be shy.
It’s perfectly normal for a husband to help his wife bathe.
”
This was the first time Stella had heard such an explanation.
She said with annoyance, “You just made that up, didn’t you?”
Matthew just smiled.
“Does it really matter?”
As he didn’t give her a chance to further, Stella blushed deeply but allowed him to carry her in silence.
Just as they were about to enter the bathroom, there was a knock at the bedroom door.
From outside, Lindsay’s careful voice called out, “Stella, are you asleep?”
###chapter1887
Stella remembered she didn’t lock the door when she came in.
Worried that Lindsay would suddenly enter, she hurriedly patted Matthew’s hand and said in a low voice, “Put me down.
”
Matthew reluctantly put her down.
But since he was interrupted, his face turned gloomy.
When Stella saw this, she ki*sed his cheek and coaxed him with a smile, “Hey, don’t be upset, okay? Maybe Lindsay has something important to say.
”
After she said this, she saw that Matthew’s expression softened.
Stella straightened her clothes and fixed her hair.
Then, she went to open the door.
Lindsay, in her camisole nightgown, stood outside the door with an embarrassed expression.
She looked at Stella and asked shyly, “Am I disturbing you?”
Stella was stunned for a moment.
Then, she said, “It’s okay.
What brings you here at this time? Is something wrong?”
Lindsay shook her head.
“My wound suddenly hurt.
I went downstairs to ask for some painkillers from Erin, but I couldn’t find her.
So, I came here to find you.
”
“Oh, I’m sorry.
I forgot to tell you that Erin went back home,” Stella said apologetically.
Matthew didn’t like having outsiders in their home, so Erin usually came in the daytime and left in the evening after doing the household chores.
“Oh, I see.
No wonder I couldn’t find her,” Lindsay said, finally understanding the situation.
Stella looked at her wounded arm worriedly.
“I’ll go downstairs and get painkillers for you.
”
Lindsay hurriedly waved her hand.
“Oh, no, don’t bother.
Just tell me where they are.
I can get them myself.
Besides, it’s already late, and you haven’t washed up yet.
Don’t worry about me.
I’ll just take the medicine and go to bed.
”
Since Lindsay firmly refused, Stella didn’t insist anymore.
She told Lindsay where the painkillers were and said concernedly, “But if you still feel uncomfortable after taking the medicine, tell me, okay?”
“I will,” Lindsay replied meekly.
But she had been secretly looking in the room several times.
It was just that she failed to see what she wanted.
She added absentmindedly, “I won’t bother you unless necessary.
I don’t want to cause so much trouble.
I will try to keep a low profile as a third wheel.
”
After saying this, she winked at Stella, turned around, and trotted away.
Stella could not help laughing at Lindsay’s teasing expression.
She closed the door and walked back in.
Matthew stood beside her.
He looked at her with darkened eyes and said, with a hint of displeasure in his voice, “Finally finished talking?”
Stella smiled helplessly.
“Well, you heard it too.
It was really something important.
”
Matthew didn’t care much about it.
He just said casually, “Let me help you shower.
”
He was about to carry Stella to the bathroom again, but she stopped him.
Actually, Lindsay’s expression just now made her feel awkward.
It spoiled her mood.
She smiled and said, “I need to accompany Bella to the hospital tomorrow.
Let’s sleep early tonight.
”
###chapter1888
Matthew looked at her sulkily and said, “It’s really annoying to have one more person in the house.
I still prefer just the two of us.
”
Stella gave him a peck on the lips and said with a smile, “Don’t we still have many years ahead of us? Just the two of us.
”
After saying this, she was about to leave when Matthew pulled her back.
He held her tightly in his arms and ki*sed her before she could cry out.
He ki*sed her deeply and passionately.
After the ki*s, Stella leaned against Matthew’s chest and asked with a smile, “Satisfied?”
Matthew did not answer, but his expression had softened a lot.
Stella couldn’t help laughing.
“You are so childish.
”
She shook her head, picked up her clothes, and went to the bathroom.
The next day, Stella accompanied Bella and Kristian to the hospital.
On the way to the hospital, Kristian was as polite as usual.
‘s BunnyBookery
Looking at Stella in earnest, he said seriously, “I’m so sorry to trouble you again.
You’re so busy at work, yet you had to create time to accompany us to the hospital.
”
Stella had never considered Bella’s matters to be a burden.
Shaking her head, she said, “You’re not troubling me at all.
I’ve organized my work and told my staff what to do.
I’m more concerned about Bella’s health than work.
Besides, she helped me a lot before.
I owe her this.
”
“You are so kind.
But it would have been okay if we only bothered you once or twice.
We shouldn’t disturb you so often.
”
Stella wanted to tell Kristian that he didn’t have to be so polite, but before she could open her mouth, she heard him add, “Bella and I discussed at length last night.
If she doesn’t get better this time, I will take her abroad for treatment.
”
Stella was stunned.
Just yesterday, Kristian and Bella had decided that she would undergo treatment in Seamarsh.
Why did they change their mind overnight?
Although she was confused, she knew she had no say in the matter.
It was their decision after all.
Stella didn’t inquire further and simply said, “I also wish Bella to get well soon.
If you feel she has better chances to get proper treatment abroad, I fully respect your decision.
”
Kristian was pleased with Stella’s words and he couldn’t help but praise her, “You are indeed considerate.
No wonder Bella likes you so much.
I’m now sure that Bella’s decision to hand over the studio to you was a good idea.
”
Stella just smiled without saying anything.
Soon, they arrived at the hospital.
Noticing that Bella was nervous as they headed to the consultation room, Stella held her hand to soothe her.
When they reached the consultation room, Bella was more relaxed.
Cordell had learned about Bella’s condition from Matthew and arranged everything.
Seeing the three people come in, Cordell nodded slightly and said, “Please come with me.
”
“Are you taking me directly for treatment?” Bella asked.
”No, before you go for treatment, I want to introduce someone to you,”
###chapter1889
Cordell replied.
With that, he led them to the reception room.
A man was sitting in the reception room.
He looked about fifty years old, and the hair around his temples was already turning grey.
When Stella saw the man, she was momentarily taken aback.
Meanwhile, Cordell started the introduction.
“This is Dr.
Earle Haywood, a professor from Wyvernston and also a renowned researcher in brain science.
He is globally famous for his medical skills.
So far, he has successfully treated three cases of complicated brain disease around the world.
”
Earle seemed gentle and confident; at one glance, one could tell that he was truly an experienced physician.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Dr.
Haywood has more experience than me in treating such illnesses.
He has already read Bella’s medical records and suggested a more feasible therapy.
I intend to ask Dr.
Haywood to take charge of Bella’s treatment from now on and I will assist him.
”
Cordell was not someone who easily showered others with praise.
In a few words, he had demonstrated Earle’s expertise in a way that no one would doubt it.
The people in the room had different reactions to Cordell’s statement.
While Stella and Bella were pleasantly surprised, Kristian looked uneasy.
No one, however, paid attention to him at this moment, so his unusual expression went unnoticed.
After the brief introduction, Bella was taken for treatment while the others went out.
Kristian sat in the chair, looking listless and unsettled.
In this situation, however, his anxiety seemed more like he was worried about Bella.
Not knowing what to say, Stella just stood quietly aside.
Suddenly, Matthew walked toward them.
Stella’s eyes widened in surprise.
“What are you doing here? Did you wrap up the company deal?”
Matthew had been nose-deep in negotiations for a new project lately.
He had told her last night that he couldn’t come to the hospital and that she could contact him if needed.
Seeing Kristian nearby, Matthew offered a vague response.
“Just need a word with Cordell, that’s all.
”
Stella’s brow furrowed.
“He’s in the treatment room.
What’s this about? Are you feeling unwell?”
A practiced smile flickered across Matthew’s face.
“Just some private business, nothing to worry about.
”
Kristian, completely focused on the treatment room, remained oblivious to Matthew’s expression.
Ever since Cordell’s introduction of Earle, a gnawing unease had settled in his gut.
The possibility of Bella regaining her memories was terrifying.
He knew he had to act.
As soon as Bella emerged from treatment, he’d find a way to shut this whole thing down.
Even if it meant resorting to.
special methods.
An hour ticked by.
When Earle finally emerged, his expression was grave.
“May I speak with a family member in private?”
Stella’s heart hammered against her ribs.
Knowing she wasn’t a family member of Bella’s, Stella was about to walk away to give them private space.
###chapter1890
“No need,” Bella interjected.
“We’re all family here.
”
Earle nodded and launched into a direct explanation.
“The examination revealed two primary sources for your headaches.
One from medication side effects, the other from post-traumatic stress disorder, or PTSD.
Have you experienced any significant past trauma, perhaps an accident?”
Bella readily admitted, “There was a car accident in the past.
”
Kristian felt a cold sweat clamp his palms as he listened.
When Bella mentioned the accident, he blurted out, his voice strained, “It was just a minor incident; surely that wouldn’t cause such severe aftereffects, would it?”
Earle offered a calm assessment.
“The severity of trauma is often measured by a patient’s psychological resilience, not the severity of the accident itself.
If she’d experienced emotional distress, seeking treatment as soon as possible is highly recommended.
”
Earle’s lecture left Kristian speechless.
All he could manage was a choked agreement.
“You’re right.
”
He was growing flustered by the minute, but he forced himself to remain calm.
The doctor continued, “For a swift recovery, I suggest psychological counseling.
It’s more stable.
”
Kristian didn’t question Earle’s expertise.
But he couldn’t let this continue.
“I don’t think that’s necessary,” Kristian blurted, turning to Bella.
“These are painful memories.
Why force yourself to relive them? Some things are best left forgotten.
They won’t affect our lives.
There’s no need to torment yourself.
”
He offered a curt nod to Earle.
“Thank you for examining my wife, but I don’t want her to recall these unhappy memories.
”
With that, he attempted to usher Bella away.
But Bella stopped him, her grip on his hand surprisingly firm.
“I want the treatment,” she declared, her voice unwavering.
Kristian’s heart plummeted.
“But…”
He desperately searched for words to dissuade her.
“There is nothing to worry about,” Bella pressed.
“Those past memories have haunted me for too long.
Living in this fog is unbearable.
I’d rather face the pain and find clarity.
”
Bella was adamant, and Kristian couldn’t sway her decision.
After Earle outlined the follow-up treatment plans, they left the hospital.
Stella offered to accompany Bella home, but Cordell stopped her.
“I need to speak with you,” he said.
“With me?” Stella pointed to herself, puzzled.
Cordell paused, and then spoke with significance.
“It’s about Matthew’s personal matters.
”
Bella interjected, “Mr.
Clark’s issues are more pressing.
Kristian and I will manage on our own.
Stella, you should stay.
”
“Okay,” Stella replied firmly, determined not to miss any details concerning Matthew.
###chapter1891
She escorted Bella to the elevator and watched as they stepped in.
Then she turned around to find Cordell standing still, waiting for her.
Stella hurried over, asking nervously, “What’s wrong with Matthew? Is there anything wrong with his health?”
Recalling Matthew’s previous complaints of headaches, Stella grew increasingly anxious.
Glancing around, Cordell murmured, “It’s not suitable to talk here.
Let’s find somewhere more private.
”
Stella’s heart sank at his somber tone.
Meanwhile, Matthew took her hand and shook his head, which only added to her confusion.
Cordell took them to his office.
Once there, he assured her, “Don’t worry, Stella.
Matthew is fine.
It’s actually about you.
”
Stella felt a wave of relief.
“About me? What is it?” she asked.
“It’s about you and Bella,” Cordell replied.
Caught off guard, Stella felt as if she had been struck by lightning when Cordell revealed, “Bella is your biological mother.
”
She opened her mouth to speak, but no words came.
After a moment, she shook her head and protested, “Don’t play such a joke on me.
We had a maternity test before.
It said Bella and I aren’t related…”
Although she had secretly hoped Bella could be her mother, Stella dreaded being disappointed again, dismissing her hopes as mere fantasy.
Cordell handed her the test report, explaining, “When Bella last came for a physical examination, Matthew asked me to arrange another maternity test.
Here are the results.
If you still have doubts, we have Bella’s
biological sample here.
We can test it again.
”
Stella scrutinized the report, her gaze fixed on the conclusion stated in the last line: “The test conducted by the center confirms a biological mother-child relationship between the owners of the two samples.
”
Her vision blurred as she read the report over and over, her mind going blank.
Holding the report, Stella’s hand trembled involuntarily.
Mixed emotions surged through her, a blend of turmoil and excitement.
Matthew grasped her hand, trying to soothe her.
“There was an error with the earlier report.
It seems someone tampered with it.
”
Memories flashed in Stella’s mind.
She remembered the day she got a few strands of Bella’s hair in the coffee shop.
As her thoughts clarified, a name surfaced.
“Elizabeth! It’s her!” Stella exclaimed, looking urgently at Matthew.
“That day I collected Bella’s hair at the coffee shop, Elizabeth was there too.
She knocked over a cup of coffee.
She must have swapped the original sample at that moment.
”
Matthew’s response was noncommittal, his expression unreadable.
Stella murmured, a realization dawning upon her, “Did she already know Bella is my mother? Is that why she’s always been against me?”
It seemed the only plausible explanation for all the events that had transpired.
###chapter1892
Suddenly, another thought struck Stella, and she raised her head to look at Matthew with intense scrutiny.
“So, is Kristian my biological father?”
Matthew hedged the question.
“The investigation confirms Bella has only been married once.
”
Stella’s frown deepened.
If that was true, then Kristian had to be her biological father.
But she just couldn’t connect with him.
Sure, his demeanor was miles better than Elizabeth’s, and he was a perfect gentleman.
She could even feel his love for Bella after their few interactions.
Yet, a strange discomfort settled over Stella whenever they were together.
Previously, Stella hadn’t interacted much with Kristian, so she subconsciously pushed him aside in her
mind.
But now, it seemed accepting Kristian as her father was the price of admission to Bella’s life.
Stella thought about it but found no solution.
After a bit, she murmured, her fingers twitching in anxiety, “I need to figure out how to break the news to Bella.
”
Both she and Bella had a gaping hole in their memories.
Stella faintly recalled having a mother, but did Bella even know she had a missing daughter?
More importantly, would Bella accept her?
Cordell, oblivious to Stella’s internal struggle, blurted, “Just show her the report if you want to connect with her.
It’s in your hands.
If she doubts it, you can all go to the hospital for a DNA test.
It’s bound to be conclusive.
”
Stella sighed.
If only it were that easy.
She slumped forward, deep in thought.
Matthew shot Cordell a glare.
“Give her some space.
This is her call.
”
Just then, Stella’s phone pierced the silence.
Startled, she answered it.
It was Clint’s number.
She’d been swamped lately, leading to less contact.
Fearing something was wrong, Stella picked up right away.
“Grandpa, what’s happening?”
But a different voice, laced with panic, filled her ears.
“Stella, it’s me.
”
Stella’s stomach dropped.
“Where is Grandpa?”
“Mr.
Anderson just fainted and is in the resuscitation room.
We don’t know his condition yet, and I’m quite worried…” The butler trailed off.
Clint’s health was precarious at best.
A sudden fainting spell could be serious.
She immediately stood up.
“I’m on my way,” she declared, shoving the report aside.
Briefly explaining the situation to Matthew, she added, “I need to get back to Bysea right away.
”
Matthew’s face hardened.
“Don’t worry, I’m coming with you.
”
His phone buzzed just as he finished speaking.
It was Fernando calling.
###chapter1893
“Mr.
Clark, the bidding meeting starts in ninety minutes.
Where are you? Should I pick you up?”
Stella, catching Fernando’s words, turned to Matthew.
“Go handle your business.
I’ll head to Bysea on my own and check on things.
Maybe it’s a minor issue.
The bidding meeting is more important.
”
Matthew grasped her hand and addressed Fernando.
“I’ll handle the bidding meeting myself this afternoon.
You head to Bysea with Stella.
Whether they need a doctor or medication, follow up and make sure her grandpa receives proper care.
”
“Understood, Mr.
Clark,” Fernando replied promptly.
Hanging up, Matthew squeezed Stella’s hand.
“Let me take you to the airport.
”
Stella nodded absentmindedly.
Matthew drove her to the airport.
Before their goodbyes, he met her gaze with a serious expression.
“Don’t worry.
If anything goes wrong, send me a message anytime.
I’ll be on the first flight to Bysea after the meeting.
”
As soon as Kristian and Bella left the hospital, they returned to the car.
Kristian sat there for a while, completely lost in thought.
His face looked solemn.
He pursed his thin lips tightly, and his brows furrowed.
‘s BunnyBookery
If the treatment continued, it would only be a matter of time before Bella remembered everything.
If this happened, she would unravel the colossal lie she had been living in.
Then, all his years of meticulous scheming would be in vain.
Kristian’s eyes darkened.
His mind was a mess, trying hard to think of a foolproof plan to thwart Bella from regaining her memory.
The best solution he could think of was take Bella back to Dorburn.
There were too many unpredictable factors in Seamarsh, and they were beyond his control, especially Stella, who was a significant threat.
Recently, Bella and Stella were getting closer and closer.
If this continued, it would only bring Kristian too much trouble.
Even his carefully crafted facade was in danger of being exposed.
Bella didn’t notice anything strange in Kristian.
She couldn’t stop praising Earle’s medical expertise again and again.
“Today was just the preliminary session, but I already feel a remarkable lightness in my head.
I am more relaxed now.
Indeed, Dr.
Haywood is a true master.
He has exceeded my expectations.
”
Kristian was still lost in thought and didn’t react to Bella’s words.
It seemed he didn’t even hear her.
When Bella finished talking, she fell silent.
Then, she was reminded of that enigmatic voice she heard during her treatment, calling her in a different name.
Unfortunately, she could no longer remember that name.
Bella subconsciously called that person “Kori.
” However, she didn’t see the face of that person clearly.
She tried hard to catch a glimpse, but all she saw was a hazy image.
She murmured the name, feeling an inexplicable pain in her heart.
After thinking for a long time, she still couldn’t figure out her relationship with that person.
There was still a big question mark in her mind.
Bella hesitated for a moment.
But after a while, she finally turned to Kristian and asked, “Is there anyone else particularly close to us that I have forgotten?”
Bella’s social circle had always been limited.
So, if such a person existed, Kristian might also know about it.
###chapter1894
However, Kristian was still unresponsive.
His eyes were fixed on the scenery outside the window, seemingly lost in thought.
Unfortunately, Bella couldn’t tell what he was thinking.
“Kristian…” Bella called out again.
“Um?” It was only then that Kristian came back to his senses.
He turned to Bella only to meet her inquisitive gaze.
His heart pounded erratically.
But he soon regained his composure and forced a smile.
“Yes, darling? What did you just say?”
At this time, Bella finally noticed that Kristian looked strange.
She asked, “You seemed lost in thought.
What were you thinking?”
Kristian’s eyes flickered.
He waved his hand and said dismissively, “Oh, it’s nothing.
”
But he soon realized that his denial seemed a bit flat.
Afraid it would arouse Bella’s suspicions, he quickly added, “I want to give Stella a gift, like a token of gratitude.
After all, she has gone above and beyond to assist your treatment.
She even found an exceptional doctor like Earle.
I feel like she deserves to be appreciated appropriately.
However, we are not that close, so I don’t know her preferences.
That’s why I’ve been thinking about what gift to give her.
”
Bella smiled in understanding.
She agreed with Kristian’s idea, saying, “That’s very considerate of you.
But there’s no rush on that.
”
She paused and repeated her question.
“Is there anyone else particularly close to us that I have forgotte
?”
Because of Earle’s effective treatment, Kristian was already on edge.
Bella’s sudden question made his nerves tighten.
He asked warily, “Why do you suddenly ask? Did you remember something?”
Bella was about to answer Kristian’s question when she suddenly realized Kori sounded like a man’s name.
What if he was Kristian’s love rival? She didn’t want to risk.
It wouldn’t be good if she caused conflict between them.
She thought for a while before she said cautiously.
“Well, I’m just curious.
I feel like all the people we know in Dorburn are work associates, not friends.
”
Kristian explained, “That’s because you focus too much on your work and don’t socialize.
So, the people you come in contact with are all from your work.
”
Bella nodded, not doubting Kristian’s words.
She remained oblivious to his expression.
“It seems we need more social interactions from now on.
”
Kristian nodded.
“Whatever you like is fine with me.
”
He pretended to be nonchalant, but his heart raced.
Although Bella didn’t say it explicitly, Kristian felt she was gradually regaining her memory.
His heart sank.
He couldn’t let the situation progress like this.
Kristian’s expression darkened.
Something suddenly dawned on him.
If necessary, he had no choice but to kill Bella.
Upon arriving at the hospital in Bysea, Fernando spoke with the doctor to get an update on the situation and organized the hospitalization, while Stella headed straight to the ward.
###chapter1895
Clint had just been brought out of the resuscitation room, with the butler attending to him.
Seeing Clint unconscious in the bed, Stella turned to the butler with concern and asked, “What happened? Why did Grandpa suddenly collapse?”
Her eyes reflected deep worry.
The butler shook his head, looking troubled.
“Ever since the wedding incident, his mental state has declined, and his appetite has worsened.
Considering his existing illness, it was just too much for him to handle.
”
Stella frowned and questioned, “Why didn’t you inform me that he wasn’t feeling well?”
The butler sighed.
“He always mentioned how busy you are with work.
He didn’t want to trouble you with his issues and feared you’d worry, so he kept pushing through.
I wouldn’t have called if I had any other options.
”
Upon hearing this, Stella tightly held Clint’s hand, feeling a wave of sadness.
How could she have forgotten that Grandpa always worried about her and rarely shared his troubles, preferring to handle them on his own?
Only now did Stella notice how much weight her grandfather had lost and how much older he looked since they last met at the wedding.
Lowering her eyes in guilt, Stella said, “It’s all my fault.
I’ve been so busy lately that I didn’t notice any changes in Grandpa.
”
If she had paid more attention, she would have noticed his condition even without him telling her.
The butler consoled, “He hid it from you because he didn’t want you to blame yourself.
You’ve had so much going on lately.
He’s stable now, so there’s no need to worry.
”
Stella nodded, her voice choked with sobs.
Since her marriage, Stella had had less time for Clint.
Even when he fainted, she couldn’t be there right away.
Reflecting on this made Stella feel even worse.
That night, Stella remained by Clint’s side constantly.
During this period, she received a message from Matthew.
Matthew’s message read, “The bidding was successful, but I have a party this evening and can’t get away.
I’ll come to Bysea as soon as I finish my work.
”
Glancing at her watch, Stella realized it might be very late by the time he finished.
She texted back, “Get some rest.
Don’t come over.
Grandpa’s condition is stable, and with Fernando here, everything is under control.
”
However, he didn’t respond.
Stella assumed he might not have time to check his phone during the party.
After a while, she set it aside.
Clint remained unconscious until midnight.
Stella remained alert; her thoughts focused on him.
She checked his IV drip attentively.
After the nurse changed the medication, Stella was about to nap when her phone rang.
It was Miley calling.
###chapter1896
Stella was slightly surprised.
Before she could speak, she heard Miley’s anxious voice asking, “Where are you now? Are you with Matthew?”
Stella glanced at Clint lying in the hospital bed, and then walked a bit further.
She said quietly, “Grandpa suddenly fainted.
I’m here in Bysea with him.
Matthew has business in Seamarsh.
”
After explaining, she asked Miley, “It’s late.
Why bring up Matthew all of a sudden?”
Miley stayed silent momentarily before speaking seriously.
“Someone posted photos online.
They show Matthew with a woman at a hotel gate, looking quite close.
At first, I thought it was you in the photos, but on closer inspection, it wasn’t.
Since you’re not together now, is he…”
Miley refrained from using the word “cheating.
”
She added firmly, “You should ask Matthew about that woman soon.
If he betrays you, I won’t forgive him.
”
Stella didn’t respond to Miley right away as she looked at the photos.
One particularly well-taken photo showed that Matthew completely blocked the woman next to him, creating a more intimate appearance.
‘s BunnyBookery
The business world was always buzzing about Matthew, so the photos quickly made him a trending topic on social media.
Stella scrolled through the comments, and as_ expected, people were speculating about her marriage with Matthew.
“Oh my goodness! Is Matthew cheating? Is Stella too old? Or not attractive enough?”
“This is what happens in wealthy families.
Every man likes young and beautiful girls.
They’ve been married for so long.
Maybe Mr.
Clark is bored with Stella.
”
Stella read through a few comments and couldn’t help but frown.
Then, she stopped paying attention to the comments and zoomed in on one photo.
With just a glance, she recognized the woman in it as Lindsay.
Calmly, she assured Miley, “Don’t worry.
I recognize the girl in the photos.
”
“What?” Miley was puzzled.
Stella explained, “It’s Lindsay Wheeler.
Matthew’s grandmother raised her.
She’s sort of like Matthew’s sister.
”
After pausing in surprise for a moment, Miley asked, “So, there’s someone like that in Matthew’s family? Why haven’t we heard about her before?”
“She studied abroad and returned recently.
I only met her recently myself.
She’s now working at Prosperity Group as Matthew’s assistant.
Today, Matthew sent Fernando with me to Bysea, so he must have taken her to the party.
You don’t need to worry about the photos.
Let’s just ignore them and stay calm.
”
After hearing the explanation, Miley thought it made sense, but based on her intuition, she still advised Stella, “Even so, you should keep an eye on her.
There might be some truth to the internet rumors.
She was raised by Matthew’s grandmother, but she’s not related to the Clark family by blood.
”
Whether because of the photos or Miley’s words, Stella felt uneasy for a moment.
But recalling her good relationship with Lindsay, she hesitantly said, “Lindsay couldn’t be involved in something like this.
”
“You need to take my words seriously.
Considering the influential Clark family and Matthew’s status, can you be certain she has no feelings for him?”Miley urged.
###chapter1897
Stella pressed her lips together and stayed silent.
She remembered how Lindsay had shielded her from the robber’s knife during the robbery.
If Lindsay had romantic feelings for Matthew, she might see Stella as a rival.
Why would she risk her life to protect her?
Despite Miley’s advice, Stella decided to trust that Lindsay wasn’t that type of person.
She said, “No, I don’t think she has.
I’ve met her a few times.
She’s just a simple girl.
A few days ago, when we encountered a robber, she got hurt trying to protect me.
”
Miley fell silent.
“It’s late.
We should hang up and get some sleep.
” Stella then suggested gently, “When I’m back in Seamarsh, I’ll introduce you to Lindsay.
You both have similar personalities.
I’m sure you’ll get along.
”
Miley didn’t continue this topic.
She hoped she was just overthinking things.
“By the way, how is your grandpa now? What did the doctor say?”
Stella replied, “He hasn’t woken up yet, but he’s out of danger.
He should be okay.
”
“That’s a relief,” Miley said softly.
“Have you thought about convincing your grandpa to come to Seamarsh with you? He’s getting older, and the butler is no different.
If something like this happens again, you might not get there in time.
”
Stella considered Miley’s suggestion reasonable.
“You’re right.
I’ll talk to him about it.
”
After chatting with Miley for a while longer, Stella ended the call.
When she returned to Clint’s bedside, there was still no change in his condition.
After pondering for a moment, Stella tried calling Matthew, but his phone was switched off.
Frowning, Stella hung up the phone and stared blankly at it.
There was a knock on the door.
Fernando gently pushed it open and entered the ward.
He had also seen the photos online and intended to call Matthew but couldn’t reach him, so he came directly to Stella to inform her.
But before he could say anything, he was interrupted.
“I already know.
” Stella spoke quietly.
Fernando was momentarily taken aback, and then asked, “Should we delete the news first? Or clarify Lindsay’s relationship with Mr.
Clark?”
From the day Lindsay joined Prosperity Group, Fernando had known her true identity.
“I arranged the crew today, but I didn’t anticipate the tabloids twisting the facts like this.
I apologize for any trouble this has caused you,” he added.
Stella shook her head and replied, “It’s not your fault.
”
Just then, Stella’s phone rang.
It was Lindsay calling.
###chapter1898
Stella glanced at her phone and instructed Fernando quietly, “Delete the news first.
Let’s not escalate things.
”
She hoped that Waldo and Lucia wouldn’t come across these baseless news stories the next day.
“I’LL take care of it immediately,” Fernando replied before leaving the ward.
Stella then answered the phone.
On the line, Lindsay’s overly sweet tone held a hint of apology.
“Stella, I just saw the news online.
The media have gone too far! They twisted the truth so casually.
When I got out of the car, I accidentally touched my wound, and Matthew briefly helped me.
I didn’t expect the media to catch it.
I’m sorry for the trouble.
Please don’t be upset with Matthew.
”
Despite Lindsay’s usual demeanor, Stella couldn’t help but furrow her brow.
Suppressing her growing unease, she asked, “I understand about the news.
But when you say you touched the wound, are you okay?”
“It’s okay.
I just didn’t anticipate this happening.
I’ve been trying to maintain a low profile and learn from Fernando and Matthew.
But if this continues, I might have to clarify my relationship with the Clark family,”
Lindsay expressed with chagrin.
Her voice carried a mix of frustration and worries.
“But in doing so, many people at Prosperity Group might treat me differently because of my background.
I’m not comfortable with that.
”
After a heavy sigh, Lindsay spoke earnestly.
“Regardless, I won’t let this cause any trouble for you or Matthew.
I’ll address it online later.
”
There was nothing overtly wrong with Lindsay’s words, but Stella couldn’t shake her discomfort.
She couldn’t quite pinpoint what was bothering her.
She considered that perhaps Miley’s words had indeed affected her more deeply than she realized.
After a brief pause, Stella responded, “It’s okay.
This issue won’t affect my relationship with Matthew.
You don’t need to do anything; I’ve already asked Fernando to handle the news online.
Just continue your work at Prosperity Group.
”
“Stella, you are so considerate.
I was worried you might be upset.
It seems I underestimated the depth of your bond with Matthew.
I really envy your strong relationship,” Lindsay remarked, praising Stella multiple times.
However, Stella was too exhausted to engage further.
She quickly excused herself, saying, “I’m tied up with something right now.
I’ll talk to you later.
If you need anything at home, just let Erin know.
I’ll be back in a couple of days.
”
“Okay, I’ll leave you to it,” Lindsay replied.
After ending the call, Stella checked her phone but found no messages or calls from Matthew, which made her frown in concern.
As she pondered over the gossip swirling on the internet, she couldn’t help but worry despite knowing she shouldn’t.
Why had Matthew turned off his phone?
Had he seen the news online? If so, why hadn’t he dealt with it?
Even Fernando was unable to reach him.
Was he still with Lindsay?
No, that couldn’t be; Lindsay had just called her.
The party should have ended by now.
So, where could he be?
###chapter1899
This behavior was uncharacteristic of Matthew.
Had something serious happened that she was unaware of?
Lost in these anxious thoughts and feeling a growing headache, Stella was startled when the door to the ward suddenly opened.
She turned instinctively to see Matthew standing there, looking exhausted.
For a moment, Stella thought she was seeing things.
Her lips moved, but no words came out.
Matthew walked toward her and asked, “How’s Grandpa?”
Stella stared at him for a long moment before she snapped back to reality.
“It’s so late.
Why did you still come here?” she asked incredulously.
Matthew pulled a chair over and sat down beside her.
“I promised you I’d come, no matter how late it was,” he said, taking her hand.
“I saw the news online when I got off the plane.
I’ve already asked Fernando to clarify it.
”
Stella was momentarily stunned and reminded him, “Lindsay said she didn’t want to reveal her connection to the Clark family.
”
Matthew responded indifferently, “I don’t care what others do.
You’re my wife, and your feelings are what matter most to me.
”
Stella felt warmth in her heart but still urged him, “But you should consider your grandparents’ feelings too.
I think they wanted Lindsay to gain experience at Prosperity Group without exposing her family ties.
”
Matthew locked eyes with Stella, his gaze reassuring.
“You don’t need to worry about it.
Trust me, I’ll handle everything.
”
Stella knew he had the capability to manage the situation.
Feeling reassured, Stella nodded.
At the same time, she felt a pang of guilt for having doubted Matthew.
How could she have suspected him of hiding something from her?
‘s BunnyBookery
Questioning his love based on a few photos and baseless online rumors was absurd.
Simultaneously, Prosperity Group issued a statement clarifying that the woman in the photographs was Matthew’s new assistant.
They urged netizens to stop making unfounded speculations, warning that the group would pursue legal action against those spreading rumors.
Despite the announcement, the public continued to gossip.
Some speculated that Stella had transitioned from Matthew’s public relations assistant to his wife-perhaps Matthew favored those frequently around him.
Even with the Prosperity Group’s warning, rumors persisted in private circles.
Over the past three days, with Stella and Matthew’s diligent care, Clint had recovered well.
Yet, they hadn’t brought up the idea of returning to Seamarsh, which puzzled Clint.
Finally, Clint urged, “I’m almost back to full strength.
You’ve both been here long enough.
Please, go back to your lives.
Don’t let me keep you from your work.
”
Concerned for his ongoing health, Stella insisted, “Grandpa, why don’t you come back to Seamarsh with us? You’re still not in the best health, and I’ll worry if you stay here alone.
”
Clint quickly dismissed the idea.
“You’re a couple.
What would I do there with you two? I have my friends here and the butler’s company.
I’m not familiar with Seamarsh; I won’t go.
”
Despite his stubbornness, Stella persisted, leaving Clint no choice but to turn to Matthew for support.
“Matthew, talk some sense into her.
”
###chapter1900
But Matthew sided with Stella.
“I agree with Stella.
Besides, if you were in Seamarsh, you could see her at any time.
Wouldn’t that be nice?”
Unmoved, Clint responded, “I’ve lived in Bysea for many years, accustomed to its ways.
I’m old, and the thought of starting anew elsewhere doesn’t appeal to me.
You should head home.
No more persuading, please.
”
After some contemplation, Stella decided it was time to share her news.
“Grandpa, I’ve found my mother,” she revealed.
Initially, Clint was taken aback by the announcement.
However, remembering previous disappointments involving Haley, his excitement quickly turned to skepticism.
“Is it truly her this time? Are you certain it’s not another mistake?”
“It’s real,” Stella affirmed, nodding confidently.
“A friend of Matthew’s conducted the DNA test personally.
The entire process was supervised meticulously.
There’s no mistake.
”
Clint sat in stunned silence, digesting the news.
“So, it’s really true this time?” he finally murmured.
Stella explained further, “We’ve known each other before, but there were some obstacles that stopped us from knowing the truth.
It was only a few days ago that our relationship was definitively confirmed.
”
As the weight of the moment settled, Stella’s voice softened, her gaze lowering.
“Even though I’ve confirmed her identity, I’m unsure how to approach her.
What if she doesn’t want to accept me as her daughter? Or worse, what if she doesn’t love me anymore? After all these years, I fear that any attempt to reconnect might destroy our relationship, possibly leaving it in a worse state than it is now.
”
Seeing the worry on Stella’s face, Clint sighed and reassured her, “Don’t overthink it.
How could a mother not love her child?”
Stella shook her head sadly, explaining, “It’s different now.
She… she lost some of her memory due to the car accident, including memories of me.
To her, I might be just a stranger, and she has a new family now.
It could really upset her if I suddenly reveal the truth.
”
Clint furrowed his brow, deep in thought.
Indeed, this was a complicated issue.
Seizing the moment, Stella implored, “Grandpa, I don’t know what to do.
I really need your help.
If you come with me, maybe you can help me reconnect with my mother.
”
Clint’s love for his granddaughter prevailed.
Moved by her plea, he finally conceded, “Alright, I’ll go to Seamarsh with you.
I hope it helps you reunite with your mother soon.
”
That day, after sorting out the discharge formalities, Stella, Matthew, Clint, and the butler headed back to Seamarsh.
Upon leaving the airport, Stella switched on her phone, and immediately, an alert for a breaking news report flashed up—a major traffic accident in Seamarsh.
At the same moment, Matthew’s phone rang.
Cordell’s voice, strained with urgency, came through.
“Something’s happened.
Bella’s been rushed to the hospital.
”
Stella’s eyes fell on the news.
It reported a tragic collision where a truck had struck a private car.
The accident was severe, resulting in three immediate fatalities and five injuries.
As she read, Stella frowned and sighed, her hand hovering over the screen to turn off the video.
Then, she spotted a familiar license plate.
It was Bella’s car!
Her heart sank, breath catching in her throat.
At that moment, Matthew hung up the phone, his expression grim.
“Bella was in a car accident and has been rushed to the hospital.
They’re trying to save her now.
”
###chapter1901
Struck by the news as if by lightning, Stella felt her knees buckle.
Matthew caught her, steadying her with reassuring words.
“Don’t be afraid.
We don’t know all the details yet.
Try not to imagine the worst.
”
He then instructed the driver, “Please take Clint to my grandparents’ home first.
”
Once Clint was safely dropped off, Fernando sped toward the hospital with Stella and Matthew.
On the way, Stella’s mind was a turbulent whirl.
Upon arriving, she dashed through the hospital corridors to the operating room where only Cordell and Kristian were waiting.
Kristian sat in despair, his head buried in his arms next to a bag of chocolate bars he had bought for Bella.
Overcome with guilt, he muttered, “It’s all my fault.
If I hadn’t gone shopping for her, this would never have happened.
”
He looked so tormented that he slapped himself.
Although Stella had never been particularly fond of Kristian, seeing him in such pain moved her.
She approached and consoled him, “Don’t blame yourself.
Bella is still fighting.
Let’s pray she makes it through.
”
Kristian looked up at her, his eyes red with grief, and whispered, “If anything happens to Bella, life will lose all meaning for me.
”
He covered his face and cried openly, the sound of his sorrow echoing through the corridor.
Stella’s own eyes reddened as she fixed her gaze on the operating room door, her mind racing with regrets.
She wished she had told Bella about their relationship the moment she received the test results.
Why did she always worry so much?
The thought that she might never get to call Bella “Mom” tormented her.
Her heart skipped a beat at the possibility.
Stella pondered deeply, the haunting memory of the traffic accident replaying in her mind.
She couldn’t shake the feeling that such a catastrophic coincidence was anything but random.
How could this have happened?
The first person who came to mind was Elizabeth.
The image of Elizabeth’s deranged expression the day Bella argued with her remained vividly etched in Stella’s memory.
Quietly, Stella whispered her suspicions to Matthew.
Her eyes, red from crying, hardened as she clenched her fists.
“If it really was Elizabeth who orchestrated this, I won’t let her get away with it.
If anything happens to Bella, I will make sure Elizabeth pays for her deeds for the rest of her life.
”
Feeling Stella tremble, Matthew wrapped his arms around her, his voice steady and reassuring.
“I’ll look into it.
If it was her, she’ll face the consequences.
”
Stella pressed her lips together, holding back tears, and buried her head against Matthew’s shoulder.
Matthew gently stroked her back, murmuring, “It’ll be okay.
Everything will be okay.
”
Stella remained silent, her tears falling quietly.
###chapter1902
The operation lasted for more than two hours.
Finally, Fernando approached with the investigation results.
“The accident happened because the truck driver suffered a heart attack while driving and lost consciousness,” he reported to Matthew.
Fernando had just finished reporting everything when the door of the operating room was pushed open from the inside.
Seeing the doctor come out, Stella rushed over to him.
“Doctor…”
She wanted to ask how her mother was but swallowed it back in the end.
Instead, she asked, “How was the operation?”
The doctor looked at her anxious face and said softly, “Don’t worry.
The operation went well.
The patient is out of danger now.
”
Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
She couldn’t help smiling and saying, “That’s good.
”
On the other hand, Kristian secretly clenched his fists tightly and cursed in his heart.
That bitch Bella was still so lucky.
But, of course, he still had to pretend to be happy about the good news.
“Thank God she’s fine.
”
The doctor briefly explained the patient’s current condition and gave some instructions.
Then, he left the operating room.
Everyone went to the ward to see Bella.
Bella was still in a coma.
Kristian turned to the others and said, “I’m sorry for causing you trouble again today.
It’s getting late.
You should go home and rest.
Don’t worry about Bella.
I’ll take care of her.
”
Now that Stella knew her true relationship with Bella, she was naturally unwilling to leave at this critical moment.
She wanted to personally watch over Bella.
So, she shook her head and said firmly, “I’ll stay with Bella.
”
Kristian’s face darkened, and a look of disgust fleeted in his eyes.
“I know you and Bella are close.
But I really can’t bother you anymore.
You should go home.
”
Stella wanted to tell Kristian about her true relationship with Bella.
But she thought that with such an important thing, Bella should be the first to know.
So, she found an excuse.
“I’m Bella’s student.
Since she had such a serious accident, I should stay and take care of her.
After all, this is Seamarsh, and I am familiar with things here.
”
“I understand what you mean.
But I’m only concerned about you.
You still need to work tomorrow.
So, you’d better go home and rest.
”
The two reached a stalemate.
At this time, Matthew spoke for Stella.
“Kristian, if you are worried about Bella, you can rest in the next room.
I can arrange it for you.
After all, we are not sure when Bella will wake up.
But if she wakes up and sees you look exhausted, she will feel bad about it.
”
Kristian wanted to retort.
But before he could say something, Matthew continued, “When Bella wakes up, I’ll send someone to wake you up.
”
Kristian still wanted to refuse.
But he felt Matthew was very determined.
He knew there was nothing else he could do.
If he insisted on staying, Matthew wouldn’t give in.
Besides, Seamarsh was Matthew’s territory.
He didn’t know how powerful Matthew was in this place and whether he was capable enough to go against Matthew.
So, he said, “Okay.
Thank you, then.
If Bella wakes up, please inform me immediately.
”
###chapter1903
“Don’t worry.
We will.
”
Kristian said a few more words worriedly before following the bodyguard to the next ward.
After Kristian left, Stella entered Bella’s ward.
Tears streamed down her beautiful face when she saw Bella lying in the bed with many medical devices attached to her body.
She couldn’t help feeling resentful.
Why was fate so cruel to them? They were mother and daughter, but they didn’t recognize each other when they met.
They had been strangers for so long.
And now that she finally knew the truth, Bella had a car accident again.
Stella held Bella’s hand tightly and pursed her lips.
Her tears streamed down her face unabated.
“Mom…”
For the first time, she plucked up the courage to call Bella “Mom.
”
Perhaps this word was too strange to Stella.
The moment she said it, she burst into tears uncontrollably.
“Mom, I have been missing you all these years.
I’m so happy that I finally found you.
Please wake up soon.
I really want to tell you that I am your daughter.
”
As she spoke, her tears didn’t stop falling like a waterfall.
Matthew stayed in the ward for a while and watched Stella.
Then, he left silently without
disturbing her.
He went to the corridor and asked Fernando, “Are you sure it was just an accident? Have you investigated Elizabeth’s whereabouts?”
Fernando nodded.
“Our men are keeping an eye on Elizabeth in Dorburn.
She’s been behaving herself there.
She is not making any moves.
”
Following her surgery, Bella had been unconscious for an entire day and night.
Throughout this time, she was ensnared in a long dream.
In the reverie, on a verdant lawn, a man was engaged in kite-flying with a little girl.
Nearby, a soft feminine voice advised, “Kori, slow down.
”
Bella felt like a mere spectator, watching from the sidelines, yet her emotions were vivid.
She experienced everything as though it were her own reality.
She attempted to discern the face of the man called Kori.
His features were unfamiliar; she couldn’t recall ever seeing him before.
The child bore a striking resemblance to Elizabeth in her younger years.
“Elizabeth?” she whispered, uncertain.
Was this child actually Elizabeth?
Biting back her discomfort, Bella called out the name “Elizabeth.
” However, confusion clouded the girl’s eyes upon hearing it.
It dawned on Bella that this girl was not Elizabeth.
“Mom…”
The sound of the word “mom” coupled with soft sobs broke the silence.
###chapter1904
The woman’s mournful voice pierced Bella’s heart with a sharp pain.
At that moment, Bella finally recognized the woman’s face.
The very next moment, she opened her eyes and locked gazes with Stella.
Both women were visibly startled.
Bella was momentarily disoriented and unclear about her surroundings.
When Stella saw Bella stir, her surprise spurred her to quickly press the call button for assistance.
Within moments, a doctor arrived to examine Bella.
Standing beside the doctor, Stella could hardly contain her impatience.
“How’s she doing? Is her recovery going well?”
The doctor, after setting aside his instruments, replied, “From what the readings show, her condition appears stable.
We’ll keep her here for observation for a couple more days.
Assuming no complications arise, she should be ready to go home soon.
”
Stella’s face lit up with a relieved smile at the news.
“Thank you, doctor.
”
With heartfelt gratitude, she escorted the doctor to the door and saw him out.
Then she quietly shut it behind him.
Turning around, Stella caught Bella’s gaze fixed on her.
Confronted with Bella’s questioning eyes, Stella found herself at a loss for words.
Although she had rehearsed what to say countless times, the actual words eluded her in the moment, sticking stubbornly in her throat.
After a prolonged silence, Bella broke the quiet.
“Have you been here with me the whole time?”
Stella, her face betraying her nerves, nodded and replied hastily, “Yes, and Kristian is in the next room.
I can fetch him if you’d like.
”
“No rush.
” Bella had a nagging suspicion to confirm.
She gazed directly at Stella and said cautiously, “While I was unconscious, I heard someone calling me ‘’mom’…”
She trailed off, but the meaning hung heavy between them.
Stella’s heart raced as she met Bella’s eyes.
After a tense moment, she confessed, “It was me…”
Gathering her bravery, she stared deeply into Bella’s eyes and declared firmly, “I’ve verified that you are my biological mother.
”
With those words, a weight seemed to lift from Stella’s shoulders, the burden of secrecy dissipating.
Meanwhile, just outside, Kristian had edged the door open slightly.
As he was about to step inside, he overheard Stella’s revelation.
His hands balled into tight fists, and a dark look crossed his features.
###chapter1905
In the ward, Stella’s voice wavered as she finished speaking.
Facing Bella’s stunned eyes, she mumbled an incoherent apology.
“I’m sorry…”
Stella’s gaze dropped to the floor, unable to meet Bella’s eyes.
“I asked Matthew to help me find my biological parents.
His investigation led him to you.
”
Fearful that Bella might not believe her, Stella launched into a detailed recount of the events, explaining how the misunderstanding about Bella not being her mother had occurred.
She suddenly remembered the DNA test report in her bag.
With shaky hands, she pulled it out.
“You can look at our DNA test report.
It was done by Cordell himself.
There should be no mistake.
”
Her hands trembled as she handed the report to Bella.
“If you don’t believe me, we can do it again.
”
Stella’s nerves were frayed; she couldn’t recall the last time she felt this anxious.
Bella took the report and read it in silence, her thoughts swirling.
The dream she’d had resurfaced, filling her mind with confusion.
If the child in her dream was Stella, and Stella was indeed her daughter, then who was Kori?
Where did she fit into this puzzle?
Bella’s face grew darker, her expression unreadable.
Stella, noting Bella’s silence, felt her initial hope ebb away, replaced by a creeping chill in her heart.
From the start, Stella had been eager to find her mother, nearly forgetting that Bella might not welcome this revelation.
The sudden revelation of a daughter could indeed upend Bella’s life.
As the silence stretched on, Stella’s heart sank further.
She began to grasp that the mother she had yearned for might not be ready to accept her.
But she could understand.
Bella had no memory of her past.
How could she accept a stranger claiming to be her daughter?
Despite her dreams of a joyous reunion, Stella didn’t want to impose on Bella.
Forcing a smile, Stella said softly, “It’s okay.
I know this is a lot to take in.
I respect your feelings.
Just knowing you’re alive is enough for me.
I never expected more.
”
She bit her lip, fighting to hold back the tears that threatened to spill.
She couldn’t cry in front of Bella, not now.
Bella, snapping back to reality, felt her heart break at the sight of Stella’s forced smile.
“I’m sorry… I didn’t mean to hurt you,” Bella said softly.
After a moment’s hesitation, she continued, “I’ve liked you since the first time I saw you.
I would be thrilled if you were indeed my biological daughter, but you must understand, that my memories of the past are blank.
”
Stella’s eyes widened in surprise.
So, Bella’s silence was due to shock, not rejection?
“I understand,” Stella said gently.
“I know this is overwhelming.
It doesn’t matter.
We have time.
And you’re undergoing treatment; your memories will come back.
”
Bella looked into Stella’s bright, hopeful eyes, feeling a confusing swirl of emotions.
There was something indescribable stirring in her heart.
Just then, the door swung open and Kristian walked in, his demeanor casual despite the charged atmosphere.
He approached Bella with a relieved smile.
“You’re finally awake.
”
Bella turned to him, guilt evident in her eyes.
“Sorry to make you worry.
”
Kristian shook his head.
“Don’t apologize.
When I found out about the accident, I was terrified.
It’s all my fault.
If I hadn’t gone to buy those chocolate bars, this wouldn’t have happened.
”
Bella shook her head.
“It’s not your fault.
I asked you to go…”
Kristian let out a relieved sigh and said gently, “As long as you’re okay, that’s all that matters.
”
His eyes fell on the document in Bella’s hand.
“What’s that?”
He took a closer look, his expression shifting to surprise.
“Is this a DNA test report? Whose is it?”
###chapter1906
Bella hesitated, unsure whether her feelings from the dream influenced her desire to keep her relationship with Stella hidden from Kristian.
But with Kristian standing before her and directly asking about the DNA test report, she couldn’t evade the question.
Unsure where to begin, Bella remained silent.
Stella, equally uncertain, mirrored Bella’s silence, unsure how to respond to Kristian.
Amid the tense silence, Matthew entered the room.
Sensing the tension, Matthew broke the ice.
“What’s going on here?”
He greeted Bella with a nod.
“Good to see you awake.
How are you feeling?”
Kristian looked at him calmly, having come in just after hearing someone greet Matthew in the elevator.
Bella smiled softly, saying, “I’m fine.
Sorry for worrying you.
”
Matthew quickly assessed the atmosphere in the ward.
He approached Stella, setting down the breakfast he’d brought.
“I got some Light food.
The doctor said you could have some when you woke.
”
Bella replied to him with a faint smile, “Sorry to trouble you.
”
Turning to Kristian, Bella took a deep breath and confessed, “I just found out that Stella is my daughter.
”
With a mix of relief and apprehension, she handed him the DNA test report.
Kristian had already noticed the report, so Bella knew she couldn’t keep it hidden any longer.
Kristian’s shock was palpable; tears welled up in his eyes.
Clutching the report tightly, he approached Stella with deliberate steps.
Taking her hand, he murmured, “You’re still here.
Thankfully, you’re still here…”
Stella remained stoic upon hearing Kristian’s emotional outburst, feeling a slight discomfort with his touch.
Expressionless, Matthew gently removed Kristian’s hand and reassured him, “Please calm down.
Take a seat and explain slowly.
”
Bella, eager for answers, confronted Kristian directly.
“What’s going on? Why was Stella kept from us all these years if Stella was our daughter? Why didn’t you mention her before?”
Still overwhelmed by emotion, Kristian wiped tears from his eyes and replied solemnly, “There’s a lot to explain…”
He paused, avoiding the specifics of the past car accident, and continued with a heavy heart, “That accident nearly took you from me, and Stella disappeared.
You were so fragile that I couldn’t bring myself to mention her.
I thought she might not have survived, and since you had forgotten everything, I didn’t want to see you in pain again.
”
Kristian’s sincerity was palpable, his face etched with sorrow.
“So many years have passed, and I’ve missed our child daily.
I never imagined that child would be Stella…”
Kristian paused, his gaze turning to Stella.
“You’ve grown up.
I didn’t even recognize you.
Thank God you survived that accident.
Otherwise, I would have carried that guilt forever.
”
“What exactly happened that year?” Bella was insistent, her curiosity unsatisfied.
“Tell me everything that happened.
It might help with my treatment.
”
She was also desperate to understand the meaning behind her dreams.
Why did her heart throb painfully every time she thought of the man named Kori?
###chapter1907
Bella was nearly pleading, but Kristian remained resolute.
Taking her hand in his, he spoke with solemn gravity.
“I’m deeply thankful you survived the car accident.
If it were up to me, I’d spare you the agony of recalling those memories.
I can handle the pain on my own.
”
His words resonated with a poignant sincerity, painting him as the epitome of a devoted husband.
Regardless of Bella’s pleas, he remained tight-lipped about the accident.
Kristian could have easily concocted some false tales to placate her, yet he feared that even a minor slip of truth might catch Matthew’s attention, prompting him to delve deeper.
Knowing Matthew’s sharpness, he chose not to risk confrontation.
One lie would necessitate another.
It was wiser to leave things ambiguously addressed.
Seeing Kristian in a gloomy mood, the others didn’t press further.
The four shared breakfast, during which Kristian feigned interest in Stella’s recent life, his voice dripping with feigned concern.
He complimented her, “When I first heard about you, I was aware of your talent as a designer.
It’s clear now you’ve inherited your mother’s flair.
No wonder Bella and I felt an instant connection when we met you.
It’s the bond of kinship, after all.
”
Stella responded with a smile, though it lacked genuine warmth.
Despite Kristian’s declarations of missing her over the years, his words rang hollow to her.
She felt no bond with Kristian, nor could she detect any genuine affection in his gaze.
She wondered if she was overthinking, but Kristian’s smile always seemed more like a mask to her.
Matthew casually inquired, “Have you and Bella ever lived in Bysea before?”
Despite the relaxed tone of his question, Kristian detected an underlying probing nature in his words.
Feeling uneasy and uncertain about how to respond, Kristian listened as Matthew continued, “I recall that Stella was adopted by Clint from an orphanage in Bysea.
Did that car accident happen in Seamarsh or Dorburn?”
The question intensified Kristian’s anxiety, causing him to sweat.
After a brief, tense silence, Kristian chose to evade the question and replied, “I know you care deeply about Stella.
But as I’ve mentioned earlier, I don’t want Bella and Stella dredging up the past.
Let’s drop this subject.
Now that Stella is back with us, I’m committed to spending the rest of my Life making amends for our lost years.
”
His gaze toward Stella was paternal, filled with the relief of a father reunited with his long-lost daughter.
To an outsider, he might appear as a deeply Loving father.
Understanding yet persistent, Matthew said, “I get where you’re coming from.
But remember, I’m Stella’s husband and Bella’s son-in- law.
Someone tried to harm them in the past, nearly killing my wife.
It’s crucial that I uncover who was responsible to avoid any future threats.
If you’re hesitant, perhaps we can discuss this privately after the meal.
”
Relentlessly, Matthew pushed the conversation, leaving Kristian no room to evade further.
Cornered, Kristian felt compelled to fabricate a response.
“Don’t worry about it.
The people responsible for harming Bella and Stella are no longer alive.
”
Bella and Stella looked shocked.
“You mean the culprits are dead?” Bella looked outside the door to ensure no one was passing by.
“Did you murder them?” she asked in a muffled voice.
With Bella’s face filled with anxiety, Kristian immediately refuted, “You were gravely wounded and our child was missing.
I couldn’t possibly be in the right state of mind to deal with those people.
When you were finally stable, I realized I should have gotten rid of them, but after much investigation, I found out they were already taken care of.
It could be that they were killed by another person.
”
###chapter1908
A trace of uncertainty flickered across Kristian’s eyes as he spoke.
Bella and Stella fell into graveyard silence after hearing the outcome.
Kristian broke the silence and added, “Let’s all drop this conversation; the incident was just too complicated.
Finally, everything is back to the way it’s supposed to be.
Let’s all enjoy the peace that comes with it.
”
After saying that, he exhaled and asked Stella, “Do you understand my effort to protect your mother? Do you think I don’t want to take revenge? My only desire is to protect your mother.
Now that you’re here with us, I dare not jeopardize your safety.
”
Since he was being sincere, if others were persistent in inquiring more from him, it would seem unusual.
Stella nodded in agreement and said, “I know.
I won’t dwell on this matter again.
My biggest fear was me not being able to find my mother but now I’ve found her, my heart is filled with joy again.
”
Kristian wore a wide smile on his lips.
He turned and said to Matthew, “I’m glad Stella met such a young genius like yourself, Mr.
Clark.
I see you’re a reliable man.
Seeing that Stella is living a good life, I feel less guilty.
”
A lot of events had taken place in just two days, and Bella was still recovering.
After breakfast, she was completely exhausted.
Kristian looked at Bella’s feeble state and said to Stella, “You’ve been here for a long time.
Why don’t you go home and rest? Let me take over.
Now that your mother has woken up, I’ll stay here and take care of her.
”
Stella was still uncertain about it.
She didn’t want to leave her mother’s side.
She had just recently found her.
Kristian said, “I understand how excited you feel, but your health is far more important.
Moreover, we have plenty of time to spend with each other.
Just take care of yourself first.
”
Stella finally agreed.
Kristian let out a sigh of relief.
“Thank you for understanding and we’re sorry for all the pain you’ve suffered all these years.
Luckily, you have Mr.
Clark with you.
Otherwise, I won’t have peace within myself for the rest of my life.
”
He said quite a lot, and even apologized to Stella.
But she only Listened without any expression on her face; she wasn’t touched by it at all.
Looking at the dark circles around Stella’s eyes, Bella couldn’t help but convince her to go home.
“You’ve stayed for so long, so go home and freshen up.
There is still time to catch up.
If there is anything you’d like us to discuss, I’ll be here; just take your time.
I’ll have a meal with your grandpa, who raised you, when I leave the hospital.
”
Hearing her soft voice made Stella tear up, but she didn’t want Bella to find her reaction weird, so she forced herself to smile and nod.
Stella unwillingly left the hospital.
Bella reminded her about her grandfather.
Stella had been staying in the hospital after returning to Seamarsh; she should probably check up on Clint.
Back in the car with Matthew, Stella had her head down and she sat quietly with a gloomy expression on her face.
“Are you exhausted?” Matthew asked.
Stella joggled her head.
“Bella now knows you’re her daughter; are you not happy about this?”
Stella shook her head and refuted, “Of course I’m happy.
It all just happened so suddenly.
”
Matthew responded, “We’ve prepared and investigated this thoroughly.
It isn’t sudden at all.
”
Resting her head on Matthew’s shoulder, Stella confided, “Actually, everything feels so surreal right now.
I thought I’d cry, but instead, I was just overwhelmingly happy.
My emotions were so mixed, I couldn’t even cry.
It all felt Like a dream.
”
###chapter1909
Stella even mused that if it were indeed a dream, she hoped never to awaken.
Matthew understood her feelings, saying, “It’s like when I returned to the Clark family and it wasn’t as I had pictured.
Yet, I calmly accepted everything and moved on.
”
They continued their conversation, and after a moment, Stella couldn’t resist asking Matthew, “From your investigations, Bella… My mother, did she really get married only once?”
Matthew didn’t reply directly but instead questioned, “Why do you suddenly bring this up?”
Stella admitted openly, “When I was with Kristian earlier, something felt off, but I couldn’t pinpoint what it was.
My father never seemed to be like him, at least in my memories.
”
Her memories held only a faint image of a man.
He was gentle, distinctly unlike Kristian.
Stella paused, and then added, “But perhaps he’s changed over the years.
”
The thought lingered that even if a person transformed, the essence of how they made others feel remained constant.
Every encounter with Kristian left Stella uneasy, sensing a hidden malice behind his smile.
Her instincts screamed that something was off about him!
Matthew, who had kept his investigation into Kristian a secret, noticed Stella’s troubled expression and reassured her, “Don’t dwell on it too much.
Perhaps it’s just because you haven’t spent enough time with him.
It might get better over time.
”
Stella nodded, somewhat convinced.
“Maybe.
”
Holding her hand firmly, Matthew advised, “But if you find that you really can’t get along with him, don’t force yourself.
”
His care was always thoughtful, warming Stella’s heart.
After a brief pause, she said, “Do you think I’m being too paranoid? I obsessed over finding my biological parents for so long, and now that I’ve found them, I’m starting to doubt my father.
It feels a bit ungrateful.
”
Seeing her mood darken, Matthew offered comfort.
“It’s not your fault.
It’s natural to feel this way.
You don’t have strong memories of your parents, which makes trust hard to build as an adult.
Trust and understanding take time to develop unless there’s an immediate connection.
Just take things one step at a time.
”
Soothed by Matthew’s words, Stella felt calmer.
They continued their conversation until they arrived at the Clark family home.
Upon entering, they were greeted by the sounds of Lucia and Lindsay chatting and laughing together.
Lucia was sitting with her back to Stella, unaware of her arrival.
As Stella observed Lucia and Lindsay chatting intimately, she couldn’t help but recall her first meeting with Lindsay.
The recent news posted by the paparazzi and the online comments had clearly left their mark on her.
Watching their harmonious get-together, Stella felt a pang of indescribable emotion.
Upon noticing Stella and Matthew’s arrival, Lindsay greeted them warmly, “Stella, Matthew, you’re here.
I was just catching up with Lucia about recent events.
”
Lucia turned to Stella and invited her to join them, “Stella, come and have a seat.
”
Seeing that only the two of them were in the living room, Stella asked, “Where are my grandpa and Waldo?”
Lucia smiled.
“It’s rare for them to have a chance to chat like this.
They’re both fishing in the backyard.
”
###chapter1910
Glancing at her watch, she turned to Matthew and said, “They’ve been out there for more than half a day.
It’s too hot outside.
We don’t want them to get sunstroke.
Matthew, could you go call them in?”
After Matthew went out, Lucia held Stella’s hand and chatted with Lindsay.
Since Lucia had raised Lindsay, they had much to reminisce about, from Lindsay’s childhood antics to her school experiences.
Lindsay, being a sweet talker, easily kept Lucia entertained.
Unfamiliar with their shared past, Stella found herself unable to join the conversation.
She could only smile politely as they talked, feeling awkward and out of place for the first time within the Clark family home, almost like an outsider.
At that moment, a news notification popped up on Stella’s phone.
Seeing Bella’s name, she clicked on it.
The news was about a post from Bella’s studio, announcing Bella and Stella’s mother-daughter relationship and naming Stella the successor of Bella’s studio.
Stella stared at the announcement, her previous disappointment replaced by overwhelming gratitude and joy.
Her mother hadn’t rejected her; instead, Bella had publicly acknowledged her as her long-lost daughter.
This recognition filled Stella’s heart with a sense of belonging and assurance that she would never be lonely again.
Her mother cared about her deeply.
Noticing Stella’s prolonged silence, Lucia kindly asked, “What are you reading? You look so happy.
”
Stella couldn’t contain her joy.
She smiled at Lucia and announced, “I’ve found my biological mother today.
”
Lucia asked in surprise, “Have you really found your mother?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella nodded.
“Yes, she’s a renowned designer.
We’ve known each other for a long time, but I never knew she was my biological mother.
It wasn’t until a few days ago that a DNA test confirmed our relationship.
Just now, she announced it online.
”
Lucia beamed with happiness and surprise.
“Really? That’s wonderful news! Why didn’t you share this with us earlier?”
Stella apologized, “I wasn’t sure before, so I didn’t say anything.
”
Lucia squeezed Stella’s hand, her eyes welling up with joy.
“You’ve always wanted to find your biological mother, and now your wish has finally come true.
Congratulations, dear.
”
Lucia was genuinely happy, but the smile on Lindsay’s face faltered for a moment.
She had seen the news on Stella’s phone and was stunned to learn that the famous designer Bella was Stella’s mother.
Stella seemed incredibly fortunate.
Lindsay had initially thought that Stella, like herself, had no one to rely on.
Now, suddenly, Stella had a powerful mother.
The stark difference in their statuses fueled jealousy and resentment in Lindsay’s heart.
###chapter1911
As Stella and Lucia talked, Matthew returned to the living room with the two older men.
After exchanging a few words, Waldo noticed Lucia’s teary eyes and asked sympathetically, “What were you discussing that moved you so much?”
Wiping her tears, Lucia shook her head and said, “I feel deeply sorry for Stella.
She’s endured so much since childhood.
After all these years, she finally found her biological mother.
”
Both Waldo and Clint were taken aback.
Clint, especially, was shocked.
He hadn’t expected Stella to reveal the truth to her mother so quickly.
Just the day before in Bysea, she was still grappling with the situation, and now, it was resolved in a single day.
“Did your mother accept you?” Clint asked.
Stella nodded and said, “Yes.
”
“Why did you decide so suddenly?” Clint inquired, still surprised.
Stella explained, “Yesterday, Matthew and I had to leave abruptly because my mother was in a car accident.
I had been hesitant about disclosing our relationship to her.
But after yesterday’s events, I realized I can’t always be so cautious and indecisive.
If there’s something to say, we shouldn’t wait because we might not get another chance.
”
Clint noticed that Stella’s eyes were slightly red as she spoke.
He sighed and said, “Sometimes, what we worry about turns out to be less daunting than we imagine.
”
Stella nodded, smiling.
“Yes, it turns out revealing the truth to my mother wasn’t as difficult as I imagined.
”
Seeing her happiness, Clint felt genuinely pleased for her.
“How is your mother now? Is her injury serious?”
“She’s doing well.
The doctor said she can be discharged after a few more days of observation,” Stella replied.
Clint breathed a sigh of relief.
“It’s wonderful that you’ve finally reunited with your mother.
This accident turned out to be a blessing in disguise.
”
After Clint asked about Bella’s condition, Waldo chimed in, “Your mother is Bella, the famous designer in Dorburn?”
Stella confirmed, “Yes, that’s her.
”
Almost everyone present was delighted by the news.
With a smile, Waldo remarked, “No wonder you’re so talented in design.
It turns out you inherited it from your mother.
”
Lucia beamed with happiness.
“Now Stella will have one more person to love her in the future.
”
This joyous news lifted everyone’s spirits, creating a harmonious atmosphere.
Waldo remarked, “Stella, it’s wonderful that you’ve found your mother.
Once she’s recovered, we should celebrate with a dinner together.
Matthew, please arrange it.
”
Stella and Matthew exchanged happy smiles at this suggestion.
As the conversation revolved around Stella’s mother, Lindsay found herself unable to say a word.
She felt completely ignored by everyone.
Her frustration grew when she saw Stella and Matthew exchange affectionate smiles, as if they were an inseparable pair.
However, this was the Clark family home.
To avoid arousing suspicion from Waldo and Lucia, she had to feign happiness despite her growing unhappiness, which only deepened her frustration.
###chapter1912
Later that night, in the hospital, after Bella had fallen asleep, Kristian received an unexpected call.
He stepped out of the ward to answer it, and upon connecting, he heard Elizabeth’s voice.
Kristian quickly found a secluded spot away from the cameras and bodyguards of the Clark family.
Lowering his voice, he hissed into the phone, “Are you crazy? How dare you call me at this time?”
Elizabeth, even angrier than him, snapped back, “You have the nerve to blame me.
You’re useless! I’ve tried my best to prevent Stella from knowing her relationship with that woman, but just a few days after I left, they announced their mother-daughter relationship publicly.
If this continues, Bella’s property will go straight to Stella!”
Bella had cut Elizabeth off from the outside world in Dorburn, and she only learned about the news through overhearing the servants’ conversations.
Seizing an opportunity, she secretly took a servant’s phone to call Kristian.
Kristian gritted his teeth and said, “You have the nerve to talk.
If you hadn’t been so careless and let Stella have a chance to take Bella to see a doctor, Bella wouldn’t have found out there was something wrong with the medicine.
This whole mess is because of you.
Now I’ve had to come to Seamarsh to clean up your mess, and you’re blaming me?”
Not to be outdone, Elizabeth retorted, “You’re too useless.
If you had any brains, you would have prevented this from happening in the first place!”
Kristian’s anger intensified.
“I’m busy right now.
If you’re just calling to insult me, we have nothing more to discuss.
I don’t have time for this.
”
He was about to hang up when Elizabeth hastily interjected, “Wait!”
It had taken considerable effort for Elizabeth to obtain the servant’s phone and contact Kristian.
She hadn’t called just to argue with him.
Despite his shortcomings, he was her only hope now.
Lowering her voice, she said, “Things are what they are.
Now, we need to try any possible method that stands a chance.
”
Kristian scoffed, “Look at yourself first.
What can you even do?”
Elizabeth held back her anger, not wanting to argue further.
“I’ve thought of someone who might be able to help us.
”
The following day, Emil went to the coffee shop and found the designated table.
Sitting there was a young man in a suit and leather shoes.
Emil narrowed his eyes; he had never seen this person before but still sat down opposite him.
“You wanted to see me?”
The man handed over a business card to Emil.
Emil recognized it as the one he had given to Elizabeth.
Picking it up, he examined it for a moment, and then, with a lazy smile, he said, “I gave this business card to a young woman a while back.
”
The young man replied, “The lady had other matters to attend to and couldn’t come.
She has authorized me to speak on her behalf.
You can discuss everything with me.
”
Emil didn’t accept this easily and responded firmly, “If she wants to discuss cooperation, she should do so in person.
” His tone was unyielding, leaving no room for negotiation.
However, the young man refused to provide any explanation about Elizabeth.
Instead, he changed the topic.
“Let’s talk about the CEO of Prosperity Group and Stella.
”
An hour later, Emil and the young man left the coffee shop one after the other.
Once in the car, the young man reported to Kristian, who was seated in the back, “Emil agreed to cooperate, but he refused to discuss the details with me.
He insists that if you want to cooperate, you must meet him in person.
”
###chapter1913
Kristian remained silent.
Over the years, he had orchestrated many things from the shadows, preferring to stay hidden and avoid risks.
Elizabeth’s recent troubles had made him even more cautious.
If he got personally involved, he would be easily found, especially since he suspected that Matthew had people tailing him recently.
The thought left Kristian in a dilemma.
He knew Emil, recommended by Elizabeth, could be a valuable ally.
If they succeeded in working together to bring down Matthew, Kristian would have free rein in Seamarsh and could easily manipulate Stella.
However, meeting Emil in person was risky.
Despite Elizabeth’s recommendation, Kristian couldn’t fully trust Emil.
He knew little about him or his capabilities, only that Emil was a cautious individual.
The uncertainty made Kristian hesitant to take the plunge.
Meanwhile, in Prosper Bay, Stella was packing up some soup she had made, preparing to visit Bella in the hospital, when the doorbell rang.
It was Miley.
She hurried to Stella and asked, “What’s going on between you and Bella? The internet says she’s your… mom?”
Stella nodded.
“It’s true.
”
Miley’s face Lit up with joy before she playfully scolded, “How could you keep such a big thing from me? Don’t you consider me a friend?”
“It’s not like that…” Stella hurried to explain.
“I was unsure how to handle it when I first found out.
If it weren’t for Bella’s car accident, I would have waited for a better moment to share the news.
”
Miley didn’t truly mean to blame Stella.
She just felt sorry for her friend, who had been carrying so much alone.
Her anger dissipated as quickly as it had come.
Miley sighed.
“I didn’t expect your mother to appear this way after you’ve been searching for her for so long.
”
Stella echoed, “Yes, I didn’t expect it either.
”
Miley leaned against the sofa, ready to say something, when her hand brushed against something hard.
She pulled it out and found it was a lipstick.
Examining it for a moment, Miley frowned and said, “I don’t remember you using this brand or color.
Is there another woman in the house?”
Stella immediately recognized the lipstick as Lindsay’s.
She explained to Miley, “It belongs to Lindsay.
She got injured saving me recently, so I allowed her to stay temporarily in Prosper Bay.
”
Miley frowned in disagreement.
“You let her stay in Prosper Bay?” she exclaimed, her voice suddenly loud enough to startle Stella.
Stella nodded, puzzled.
“What’s wrong? She just came back from abroad and doesn’t know many people here.
I’m worried she might get into trouble again.
”
Miley looked at her with disappointment.
“You are so naive,” she said, shaking her head.
Stella was confused.
Holding the lipstick, Miley continued, “This is a personal item.
Even if she’s staying here, she has her own room.
Why would her Lipstick end up hidden in the sofa?”
###chapter1914
Stella was stunned for a moment.
“Maybe it fell by accident.
You’re overthinking it,” she said.
Miley was adamant.
“I think she did it on purpose.
Either she’s challenging you, or she’s testing you.
If you find it and show that you don’t care, she might leave something even more personal in the living room next time.
”
Stella fell silent, contemplating Miley’s words.
“Why don’t you think about it again? Even if she left the Lipstick in the Living room, why was it on the sofa and not on the floor or somewhere else?” Miley pressed on, her tone serious.
“Take my words seriously.
”
Stella didn’t respond.
Miley wasn’t sure if Stella was listening, but she continued, “And have you considered this? Lindsay is an adult woman.
If you go on a business trip or back to Bysea, she’ll be alone in the house with Matthew.
Who knows what could happen? They’re not even related by blood.
”
Stella felt a wave of discomfort wash over her.
She wanted to believe Lindsay wasn’t capable of such deceit
, but Miley’s words made her uneasy.
On one hand, she thought Miley might be overthinking it, but on the other hand, she couldn’t shake that unsettling feeling.
Miley persisted, “Maybe I’m too suspicious, but where there’s smoke, there’s fire.
The last scandal didn’t come out of nowhere.
If you think this woman has no intentions toward your husband, I don’t believe it.
”
Stella lowered her head, lost in thought.
Miley added, “I sincerely advise you to be more vigilant.
It’s not wrong to be cautious.
If something were to happen, it would be too late to regret.
”
Miley’s serious tone left Stella deep in contemplation.
As they were talking, Lindsay entered the living room.
She had been at the Clark family residence with Lucia the previous night and was just returning.
Noticing another person with Stella, Lindsay asked in surprise, “Stella, is she your friend?”
Stella snapped out of her thoughts and introduced them.
“Yes, this is my best friend, Miley Cullen.
”
She then introduced Lindsay to Miley.
“Don’t you need to go to work today?” Stella asked Lindsay.
Lindsay smiled.
“I took a leave from Matthew.
I’m planning to move out.
”
Stella and Miley appeared uncomfortable.
Stella regained her composure first.
“You seem comfortable here.
What’s making you want to move all of a sudden?”
###chapter1915
Lindsay replied calmly, “A friend has offered to let me stay with her.
It’s conveniently close to work.
”
She smiled as she expressed her gratitude.
“Thank you, and Matthew, for your hospitality.
I don’t want to impose on you any longer.
”
Stella offered a strained smile, choosing not to insist that Lindsay stay.
“I’ll go pack my things then.
I won’t disturb you further, Lindsay said courteously to Miley before heading upstairs.
Miley watched her go, a frown momentarily crossing her face.
Her instincts hinted that Lindsay could not be as straightforward as she seemed.
”
“Wait a minute.
” Miley halted Lindsay’s stride and retrieved the lipstick she had found in the sofa.
Direct and to the point, she held it out and questioned, “Is this yours?”
Lindsay feigned surprise, responding “Oh, where did you find that? I’ve been searching for it for ages.
”
She turned to reach for it, but Miley pulled back her hand and gestured to the sofa.
“It was wedged in the living room sofa…”
Her gaze fixed on Lindsay, Miley offered a slight smile, took her hand gently, and placed the lipstick in it, saying earnestly, “It’s yours, so make sure you take care of it.
”
Lindsay lowered her gaze, pausing briefly before replying, “I will.
Thank you, Miss Cullen.
”
“Please, just Miley is fine.
” Miley didn’t mince her words as she continued, “Remember, this is Matthew and Stella’s house.
Stella is reasonable and treats you like a sister; otherwise, something as trivial as this lipstick could’ve sparked a dispute between them.
Since you’re living here, it’s wise to keep your personal items secure.
”
Unlike Stella, Miley’s manner with Lindsay was less guarded.
Miley’s words dripped with sarcasm, her eyes gleaming with sharpness.
After talking, she stood silently, eager to gauge Lindsay’s reaction.
Lindsay seemed oblivious to the sarcasm.
“I guess it slipped out when I was getting my phone,” she admitted with a hint of guilt.
“It was careless of me.
I’ll be more vigilant next time.
”
Ashamed, she turned to Stella.
“I’m really sorry, Stella.
”
Stella, seeing Lindsay’s distress, reassured her gently, “It’s okay, really.
No need to apologize to me.
”
Relieved, Lindsay responded, “I’m glad you’re not upset.
I’ll make sure it doesn’t happen again.
”
Miley crossed her arms and retorted sharply, “Promises aren’t enough.
Remember this, I don’t want to come here again and find anything that doesn’t belong to Stella.
”
Lindsay, clutching her lipstick, murmured softly, “Understood.
”
As Lindsay kept her gaze lowered, Stella said, trying to lighten the mood, “Miley can be blunt.
Don’t take it too personally.
Why don’t you go pack up your things? Your friend might be waiting.
The bodyguards at the door can help if you need it.
”
“Okay,” Lindsay replied, managing a small smile.
Yet, as she turned away, her expression grew somber.
###chapter1916
After Lindsay entered the room, Stella turned to Miley and said, “Look, you’ve been so paranoid lately, it’s starting to rub off on me.
”
Miley frowned in response.
“Don’t you find her a bit odd, though?”
“Why?” Stella offered a dismissive smile.
“She’s just trying to be pleasant.
Lindsay grew up in the Clark family; she’s sensitive and considerate.
What’s wrong with that? Besides, if she had ulterior motives, why would she move out voluntarily?”
She posed these questions more to herself than to Miley, not really expecting an answer.
Glancing at her watch, Stella realized she was running late.
She grabbed her food container and headed for the door.
“I’m off to the hospital.
I almost forgot what I was supposed to do today because of this conversation.
”
Miley followed her out, her tone stubborn.
“Don’t let her innocent act fool you.
There’s something off about Lindsay.
She might look pure and kind, but smart people know how to play to their strengths.
She acts sweet around you, but who knows what she’s really planning?”
As Stella got into the car, she reassured her, “Don’t worry.
Although Matthew is a catch, he’s also married.
Not everyone is interested in a married man.
”
Miley curled her lip.
“Not everyone is as principled as you.
Matthew’s wealthy and attractive; many young women want to get close to someone like him.
You’re too trusting.
Be careful, or you might end up regretting it.
Stella found Miley’s concern excessive but appreciated her intent.
Smiling, she said, “I know you mean well.
Thanks for your help today.
”
Miley snorted and said, “That’s more like it.
”
Wanting to steer away from the topic of Lindsay, Stella changed the subject.
“What are your plans later? I can give you a lift.
”
Miley waved her off.
“Don’t worry about me.
If you have time, why don’t you invite your mom? We could all have dinner together.
I’d love to meet her.
”
Stella smiled warmly.
“No problem.
We’ll arrange it when everyone’s free.
”
Meanwhile, upstairs, Lindsay stood by the window, observing Miley and Stella below.
She had been a bit too far from them earlier to hear their conversation clearly.
Yet, she could keenly sense Miley’s dislike for her, feeling as though she was being tested.
Lindsay suspected that Miley and Stella had been speaking ill of her.
She was still holding the lipstick that Miley had returned to her.
Recalling Miley’s earlier remarks, Lindsay couldn’t help but sneer.
She hadn’t expected Stella to have such a perceptive friend, but it was insignificant.
Stella had just arrived at Bella’s hospital ward, which she found surprisingly empty.
She placed the food container on the table and asked subconsciously, “Why are you alone here?”
Bella responded, “Kristian had some other matters to attend to.
He just left.
”
“I see…” Stella murmured, her mind not really on Kristian’s whereabouts.
She felt a sense of relief at not having to face him just yet.
She ladled Bella a bowl of soup but hesitated, unsure how to address her.
###chapter1917
The change in their relationship made her feel embarrassed; she hadn’t been able to call her “Mom” for a long time.
Bella seemed to notice her hesitation and said generously, “Don’t worry.
I’m still adjusting to this new identity myself.
Let’s just let things happen naturally.
”
Seeing that Bella didn’t care about it, Stella was relieved.
In an apartment, Joann Crawford greeted Lindsay at the door, who was arriving to move in.
She welcomed Lindsay warmly, saying, “You’re finally here.
I’ve been waiting for you.
”
With a hint of embarrassment, Lindsay replied, “Thank you for taking me in.
I just returned from abroad and wasn’t sure where else to go.
”
Joann waved dismissively, saying, “Why so formal? Remember when we were kids? You saved me from drowning.
I owe you big time.
This is my chance to repay you.
No need for politeness.
”
“It’s been a long time.
Let’s not dwell on it,” Lindsay said with a smile.
“No way,” Joann insisted, helping Lindsay with her luggage.
Seeing she only had one bag, Joann asked with a touch of dissatisfaction, “Is this all your stuff?”
“I just moved out from my sister-in-law’s place.
I didn’t want to impose with too many belongings in other people’s place,” Lindsay explained.
Joann frowned, thinking Lindsay might have been mistreated, and remarked disapprovingly, “Who is she? Why does she have to interfere?”
“It’s not just about her.
I just didn’t feel comfortable staying there,” Lindsay clarified.
The more Joann dwelled on it, the stronger her conviction grew that Stella was to blame for Lindsay’s troubles.
Defending Lindsay, she remarked, “I’ve heard about your so-called sister-in-law, Matthew’s wife.
She comes from a humble background.
Does she think marrying Matthew will change who she is?”
Turning to Lindsay with a hint of ambiguity, Joann added, “Besides, you’re not related to Matthew by blood.
If you had not gone abroad, you might have been his wife.
”
Alarmed, Lindsay quickly interjected, “Please don’t say that in front of Stella.
It’s not true.
People might get the wrong idea.
”
Joann squeezed Lindsay’s hand sympathetically.
“You’re too gentle and kind-hearted to be mistreated by someone like Stella.
”
Lindsay looked timid.
“She’s been kind to me, taking me in for a few days.
I’m an outsider, not part of the Clark family.
It’s understandable.
”
Changing the subject, Lindsay pulled Joann to sit on the sofa.
“Let’s not dwell on this.
How’s the engagement party planning going?”
With a radiant smile, Joann replied, “I’ve delegated everything to my fiancé.
My only job is to show up on the day.
”
Though Lindsay smiled, inwardly she felt disdain.
Rumors about Joann’s pursuit of Bennett Lowell had already circulated among their circle.
Joann went to great lengths, even traveling abroad, to pursue Bennett.
If the photos of them in bed hadn’t been exposed, he would never have accepted her.
At this moment, Joann’s heart brimmed with sweetness, oblivious to the contempt in Lindsay’s eyes.
Resting her head on Lindsay’s shoulder, she declared, “You’re my closest friend.
You must attend my engagement party.
My brother will be there too, ready to support you against Stella.
”
At the mention of her ignorant playboy brother, Felix Crawford, Lindsay’s disdain for Joann deepened.
###chapter1918
Felix had pursued Lindsay persistently, but she deemed him unworthy.
Suppressing her disdain, Lindsay feigned interest.
“How’s Felix doing these days? It’s been a while since I’ve seen him.
”
Unaware of Lindsay’s true feelings, Joann smiled warmly.
“He’s the same as ever.
If he sees how stunning you’ve become, he’ll be captivated for sure.
”
Concealing her disgust, Lindsay forced a smile.
She hoped the ineffectual Felix could assist in her plan to teach Stella a lesson.
In the evening, Stella arrived home from the hospital and enjoyed a soothing bath.
Reflecting on the moments spent with Bella earlier, she couldn’t suppress a smile.
Just then, Matthew entered abruptly and headed straight for the bathtub.
Startled, Stella quickly covered herself and asked, “Why are you here? I’m not done yet.
”
Matthew approached her and began to massage her temples, saying, “Finally, we have some peace.
”
Stella instantly understood he was referring to Lindsay.
Laughing, she remarked, “Isn’t Lindsay your sister? She only stayed for a few days.
Even I didn’t mind.
Why do you care so much?”
Matthew replied icily, “This is our home.
If she hadn’t assisted you, I wouldn’t have allowed her to stay at all.
The Prosperity Group owns many other properties.
”
Shaking her head in exasperation, Stella said, “You’re so stingy.
”
She smiled and leaned contentedly against him as he continued his gentle massage.
It had indeed been a long time since they could enjoy uninterrupted time together.
“Did you see Bella today? How are things between you two?” Matthew asked.
Stella nodded slightly.
When she opened her eyes again, a joyous smile lit up her face.
“We got along wonderfully.
With Kristian absent, it was just the two of us.
I truly enjoyed it.
”
She shared her genuine feelings with Matthew, and then closed her eyes and murmured, “If only we could always do this.
”
After a full day out, Stella felt a bit exhausted.
Matthew’s gentle massage soon made her drowsy.
Just as she was about to drift off, she felt Matthew’s hands wander elsewhere.
Stella opened her eyes and met his intense gaze.
Her heart skipped a beat.
She swallowed nervously and asked, “What… What’s going on?”
Matthew stood up calmly, removed his shirt, and said, “Nothing.
I haven’t showered either.
Why don’t I join you?”
Stella’s cheeks flushed.
Before she could protest, Matthew was already in the bathtub, causing water to spill over.
The bathtub’s size limited their space, bringing them very close together.
###chapter1919
Matthew ki*sed her lips and wrapped his arms around her slender waist.
The warm steam in the bathroom elevated the temperature to an intense degree.
His index finger entered her, causing Stella to gasp in surprise at the sudden intrusion.
Seizing the moment, Matthew pressed closer, his eyes dark with desire.
Stella felt a firm pressure against her lower body, her cheeks turning crimson.
Matthew entwined his fingers with hers, capturing her lips in a deep, fervent ki*s.
Stella, overwhelmed by his touch, felt her breath stolen by his ki*s.
She felt as though her body had melted into a pool of liquid warmth.
As Matthew moved slowly, her eyes became unfocused, and she ki*sed him instinctively.
After a passionate encounter, Stella collapsed into Matthew’s embrace.
A week later, Bella had nearly recovered.
Kristian handled the discharge process for her.
She then invited Clint and Matthew’s grandparents to dinner.
However, Lucia’s recent health issues prevented her from attending, and Waldo stayed home to care for her.
Ultimately, only Clint accepted the invitation.
Bella promised to invite Lucia and Waldo next time.
In the restaurant’s private room, Clint took the main seat while Stella introduced Clint and Bella to each other briefly.
Subsequently, Kristian and Bella thanked Clint.
“Thank you very much for taking care of Stella over these years,”
Kristian said with sincerity.
“Her mother and I couldn’t be there for her all these years due to various mishaps.
It’s a blessing she wasn’t alone because you were there.
”
Bella’s eyes welled up upon hearing Kristian’s words.
She also shared her deep gratitude with Clint.
“As parents, we fell short.
Thankfully, Stella found a wonderful grandfather in you.
”
Clint modestly replied, “It feels more like Stella was with me rather than under my care, She’s always been a delightful girl.
Now that she’s accomplished so much, I find joy in her happiness.
”
Their conversation flowed easily.
Bella then said to Clint, “Could you share some stories from Stella’s childhood? I regret missing those years, and I’d love to envision her as a child through your memories.
”
Clint, pleased that Stella had reconnected with her biological mother, was more than willing to oblige.
###chapter1920
He recounted numerous amusing anecdotes about Stella, each bringing a burst of laughter from Bella.
Stella lacked vivid memories of many incidents Clint mentioned.
She laughed along when he recounted them, though some stories were so mortifying that she couldn’t lift her head.
Seeing Bella’s joyous laughter, Stella refrained from ing.
Yet, when Matthew also chuckled, she couldn’t resist pinching him discreetly while giving him a stern look.
Matthew hastily covered his mouth, struggling to suppress his amusement.
At the dinner table, the atmosphere was lively, except for Kristian, who appeared uneasy and smiled awkwardly.
‘s BunnyBookery
As the meal neared its end, Bella addressed Clint, saying, “I actually invited you here today because I have something significant to announce, and I wanted you to be here to witness it.
”
Clint instinctively turned toward Stella at Bella’s words.
Stella looked perplexed, unaware of what was coming.
Kristian frowned, sensing something unsettling was about to be disclosed.
His instincts warned him it involved Stella and it might not be something he would welcome.
Bella then declared unequivocally, “I’ve decided it’s time.
I’m not getting any younger, and I plan to gradually transition the management of the studio to Stella.
She’ll take full control.
I’ll teach her everything I’ve learned throughout my life.
”
She spoke with resolve.
Kristian listened, his fists clenched tightly, veins pronounced against his skin.
But Bella wasn’t finished.
After discussing the studio, she continued, “I wasn’t there for Stella during her childhood, and I’ve been feeling guilty.
Going forward, I intend to make amends.
I’ll be transferring all my assets to her.
”
The revelation stunned both Stella and Clint, while Matthew remained composed.
Everything unfolded so suddenly that it took Stella some time to process what had happened.
She had assumed Bella merely wanted to take her on as an apprentice; she hadn’t anticipated being offered the entire studio and property.
With her thoughts in disarray, Stella finally broke her silence, her voice tentative.
“Is it too early to make such a decision? Besides, I already have my own studio.
”
Bella turned to Clint for his input.
“What do you think?”
Clint, cautious not to overstep, responded, “It’s Stella’s decision to make.
I’ll support whatever you both decide.
”
Clint was pleased to see Bella’s high regard for Stella, and it brought him some relief.
Meanwhile, Kristian struggled to contain his emotions, taking some time to calm his nerves.
Once somewhat composed, he frowned and posed his question to Bella.
“Why wasn’t I consulted about such a critical decision?”
He was completely taken by surprise by the announcement and felt sidelined without a chance to intervene.
Bella, puzzled by his reaction, responded, “Who else would I entrust my belongings to if not my own daughter?”
###chapter1921
Kristian caught off guard, replied impulsively, “We have another daughter.
”
As soon as the words left his mouth, he saw Bella’s expression darken ominously.
“Another daughter?” Bella’s voice was low and tinged with disbelief.
“Is someone who drugged me and tried to destabilize my mind still considered my daughter?”
Kristian instantly regretted his remark, realizing too late the weight of his words.
Bella had long struggled to put aside the painful memories of what Elizabeth had done.
Bringing it up now undoubtedly reopened old wounds.
Seeing Bella’s visible anger, Kristian softened his expression, attempting to defuse the situation.
“I didn’t mean to imply anything negative.
Stella is exceptionally talented and I’m confident she will manage the studio well.
I fully support your decision to pass on your legacy to her, though she is still quite young and inexperienced.
”
Bella countered, “Managing the studio is precisely the experience she needs.
There’s no point in delaying her development under the guise of training.
”
Kristian felt a knot tighten in his throat at her resolve.
A cold flash crossed his eyes, though he held back any further ions.
The more he argued, the more likely he was to slip up and raise Bella’s suspicions.
Yet, he was determined not to let all the property transfer to Stella without resistance.
He silently pondered his next move.
Meanwhile, Bella turned to Stella, seeking her input.
“What do you think? Don’t worry about your existing studio.
Our business models are similar, so it will be easy for you to get the hang of things.
If managing both is too much, consider merging them.
My studio is well-established, and you can learn a lot from it.
”
Stella hesitated, her insecurity evident.
“I’m inexperienced.
I’m worried I might not meet your expectations…”
As she spoke, Matthew reached out and took her hand, giving her an encouraging smile.
“If Bella believes in you enough to entrust you with this responsibility, it means she has faith in your abilities.
Don’t let her down.
”
Bella gave a solemn nod in agreement.
Bolstered by Bella’s confidence and Matthew’s support, Stella found her resolve.
“I accept.
I will do my utmost to excel in this role.
I hope you’ll guide me along the way.
”
After dinner, they bid each other farewell at the restaurant.
Stella and Bella had arranged to meet again the next day.
Then, she and Matthew dropped Clint off to rest.
Later, as they drove back to Prosper Bay, Stella couldn’t contain her curiosity.
“Why did you suddenly urge me to promise Bella I’d take over her studio?”
Matthew glanced at her briefly before responding, “It will give you more time to develop your relationship with Bella.
Since she’s announced your relationship with her publicly, the outcome will be the same whether you agree or not.
Why disappoint her?”
While his logic was sound, Stella sensed that Matthew was withholding something.
She looked into his eyes intently and probed, “Is that really the only reason?”
Matthew offered a small smile.
“What else could there be?”
###chapter1922
“Are you sure there’s nothing else?” Stella pressed.
Matthew replied calmly, “Absolutely.
Don’t overthink it.
”
Despite Stella’s repeated questioning, Matthew’s answers remained consistent.
Eventually, she let it go, trusting that Matthew wouldn’t harm her.
If he chose to keep his reasons hidden, she reasoned there must be a cause, As Matthew drove, his thoughts drifted to Kristian’s behavior at the dinner.
It was evident to him that Kristian had a stronger affection for Elizabeth than for Stella.
When Kristian learned of Elizabeth’s drastic actions against Bella, he appeared very furious, but his anger seemed to have quickly subsided, leading to a swift forgiveness.
Matthew pondered this reaction-was it normal?
This led Matthew to question the authenticity of Kristian’s feelings for Bella.
Meanwhile, Kristian and Bella also made their way home.
During the drive, Kristian brooded over Bella’s decision to transfer all her property to Stella.
His expression grew increasingly somber.
Noticing his mood, Bella inquired, “Are you still upset about what happened at dinner?”
She admitted to herself that she had not consulted Kristian about the property and studio beforehand.
It was a lapse on her part, but she believed that Kristian, like her, wanted to make amends with Stella.
Kristian snapped out of his thoughts and quickly denied any displeasure.
“No, I’m not upset.
I owe Stella a lot, and I truly want to be a good father to her.
I fully support your decision; I was just caught off guard.
”
His emotions had settled during the drive, a stark contrast to his earlier upset at the dinner table.
Kristian was aware that Bella responded better to reason than to force.
If he appeared too harsh, it might alienate her, so he aimed to remain composed and understanding.
“However, we are a couple, and you made this significant decision without me.
I felt sidelined, almost as if I were losing my place as a father in Stella’s eyes.
”
Bella, hearing his feelings, sincerely apologized, “I was thoughtless.
I promise to discuss such matters with you in advance next time.
”
Kristian nodded, accepting her apology in silence.
However, as Bella looked away, a flash of coldness crossed his eyes.
Some plans, he realized, could no longer be postponed.
Later that evening, after Bella had fallen asleep, Kristian retreated to the study.
He pulled out Emil’s contact information and dialed the number.
As soon as the call connected, Kristian got straight to the point without any pleasantries, “Let’s meet.
”
###chapter1923
The next day, when Emil arrived at the meeting spot, Kristian was already there.
Emil scrutinized the man, trying to piece together his connection with Elizabeth.
Smiling slightly, he pulled out a chair and sat across from Kristian.
“So, who exactly are you?” he asked casually.
Kristian provided his name without further explanation.
“You wanted to see Elizabeth earlier.
Have you come up with a plan?”
Emil, still composed, looked at Kristian with a faint smile.
“What’s your connection to Elizabeth?”
He let his gaze linger on Kristian, ignoring the eagerness in his eyes.
“Are you her father? Or something else?”
Kristian’s expression turned cold.
“That’s irrelevant to our discussion.
”
Emil’s smile widened.
“Maybe, but my business is with Elizabeth.
If you’re reluctant to share, it suggests a lack of trust.
Without trust, cooperation isn’t possible.
”
Kristian’s irritation flared, but he recalled Bella’s plan to leave everything to Stella and restrained himself.
He relaxed his shoulders and took a deep breath.
“I’m Elizabeth’s biological father,” he stated, emphasizing each word.
Kristian’s eyes were icy.
“Now, tell me about your plan.
”
Emil remained skeptical.
“Bella announced recently that she’s Stella’s mother, making you Stella’s father.
What do you want from me?”
He tapped his fingers on the table, maintaining his calm gaze on Kristian.
Emil had intended to leverage Elizabeth against Matthew.
The idea that Stella’s father would help take down his son-in-law puzzled Emil.
Kristian pondered his response carefully.
He couldn’t reveal he wasn’t Stella’s father but needed Emil to eliminate the troublesome Matthew.
After a moment, Kristian admitted, “I’m dissatisfied with Matthew.
My daughter deserves better, but Seamarsh is controlled by the Clark family, complicating matters.
”
Emil raised an eyebrow.
“What exactly makes Matthew unsuitable as your son-in-law?” he pressed.
Kristian sneered.
“You might think he’s good, but I don’t see it that way.
There are many better men in Dorburn.
”
Seeing Emil deep in thought, Kristian added, “Trust is essential for cooperation.
It seems you don’t trust me.
If that’s the case, we shouldn’t continue.
”
He made a move to stand.
“Hold on,” Emil said, stopping him.
An hour later, Kristian and Emil left the room separately.
Emil stood by the door, deep in thought as he watched Kristian walk away.
After a while, he smiled and was about to leave when he heard someone call, “Dad.
”
Emil frowned upon seeing Emery and asked, “What are you doing here?”
###chapter1924
Emery glanced at the private room in front of her and replied honestly, “I’m having dinner with my friends.
”
Curiosity sparked, she stood on tiptoe to peer behind Emil.
“Who was that person you were just talking to? He looked familiar.
”
She frowned, trying to place the face but came up empty.
Emil had no intention of explaining his meeting with Kristian to a young girt.
With a playful smile, he rubbed her nose.
“Can’t I have dinner with my friends too?”
Emery touched her nose, pouted, and smiled.
“I didn’t say you couldn’t.
But I know most of your friends, and I’ve never seen him before.
I’m worried about you making bad friends.
”
As Emery pondered, the man’s face suddenly aligned with an image in her memory.
“I remember now!” she exclaimed, clapping her hands.
“That man Looks like Stella’s father, Kristian.
”
Emil hadn’t expected her to recognize Kristian.
“You know him?” he asked, surprised.
“Not really,” Emery admitted.
“After Bella announced her relationship with Stella a few days ago, the employees at Prosperity Group were buzzing about Stella’s background.
I saw a photo of Kristian when my colleagues were gossiping.
”
Emery looked at Emil with confusion.
“Dad, why are you in touch with Stella’s father? When did you two become friends?”
Emil, not wanting her to know too much, feigned anger.
“You’re just a child.
Don’t get involved in adult business.
Focus on your work at Prosperity Group.
”
Emery stared at him with dissatisfaction.
“Why are you being so mean? I was just asking.
Are you hiding something from me?”
Feeling helpless under his daughter’s reproachful gaze, Emil softened his tone.
“Well, just go home.
Don’t keep your friends waiting.
”
Emery was certain he was hiding something.
Just as she was about to ask more questions, one of her
friends found her.
“I’ve been wondering where you were.
Why are you standing here? We’re all waiting for you.
” Emery’s friend approached and greeted Emil politely.
After exchanging pleasantries, Emil turned to Emery.
“Go enjoy your time with your friends.
I should be on my way.
”
Emery, momentarily interrupted, missed her chance to inquire further about Emil’s earlier encounter.
She replayed the scene in her mind, trying to make sense of it but was soon led away by her friend.
“Your dad is long gone.
What’s on your mind?” her friend asked with a smile.
“I didn’t realize you were so attached to him.
”
Back in the private room, the group engaged in playful banter, and Emery soon forgot her earlier concerns.
Meanwhile, Stella had plans to meet Bella but was interrupted by an unexpected call from Alissa.
Alissa’s gentle voice flowed through the receiver.
“Stella, if you’re free today, come over.
I have something for you.
”
Noting that Bella’s house was on the way to Alissa’s, Stella decided to visit Alissa first.
“I’ll be there soon,” she responded without hesitation.
###chapter1925
After ending the call, she quickly changed and left the house with Matthew.
As they stepped outside, they noticed the family butler stepping out of a car.
Stella and Matthew exchanged puzzled glances.
The butler approached them with a smile and said, “Mr.
Waldo Clark asked me to deliver an invitation to you.
”
As Matthew accepted the invitation from the butler, Stella leaned in to take a look.
It was for the Lowell family’s engagement party.
It was taking place in three days.
The butler relayed Waldo’s message.
“Mr.
Clark asked for you to attend the party with your wife and Miss Wheeler.
He says that it’s a young people’s event, and leaves the decision to you.
”
“I see.
” Matthew nodded.
With a slight nod, the butler excused himself.
Stella held up the elegant invitation, examining it.
Confused, she asked, “Why haven’t I heard your grandparents mention any connection between the Clark and Lowell families?”
Stella was new to Seamarsh.
She was unfamiliar with the Lowell family and had no prior contact with them.
Matthew, on the other hand, only knew what Waldo had told him.
“We’ve always had a good relationship with the Lowells.
They’re a prominent family in Bysea.
Years ago, a family tragedy forced them to move overseas, but they still send Grandpa gifts for festivals.
”
Stella nodded.
Given their good terms, attending seemed appropriate.
“Should I prepare anything beforehand?” she asked nervously.
“No need to stress,” Matthew assured her.
“It’s just a social gathering.
I’ll ask Fernando to find a dress for you.
”
Stella pondered for a moment.
“Alright, but I’ll pick out an engagement gift myself.
”
Matthew smiled.
“Can I come with you?”
Stella declined, shaking her head.
“I’ll go with Miley.
After all, it’s for the bride.
Men wouldn’t be much help here.
”
Matthew chuckled, conceding defeat.
“Alright, as you wish.
”
They then went their separate ways.
Stella drove to Alissa’s house.
This time, without Doreen in tow, Alissa led her to the hidden studio beneath her home.
Despite its modest size and simple layout, the underground studio was surprisingly well-equipped with a variety of tools and materials.
“Doreen told me you found your biological mother.
Congratulations!”
Alissa faced Stella.
“I heard she’s a designer as well?”
###chapter1926
Stella nodded.
“Yes, she’s very talented.
”
A hint of pride flickered across her face as she spoke of her mother.
Alissa smiled, genuinely happy for Stella.
“It must be fate to reconnect after all this time.
”
Stella sighed, recalling her past hardships in the journey of finding her mother.
“We actually knew each other for a while before we realized we were related.
We got along well back then, but of course, neither of us knew.
Looking back, it does feel like fate intervened.
”
Their conversation paused as Stella’s attention snagged on a photo displayed on Alissa’s desk.
The photo was of two girls, one with a high ponytail and the other with loose, flowing hair.
Both were smiling warmly, and they seemed pretty close.
One was unmistakably a young Alissa, while the other… Stella squinted, sensing a familiarity in the other girl’s features.
She couldn’t help but study her closely.
After a moment of contemplation, Stella suddenly realized why she felt a connection-there was a striking resemblance in their eyes and brows.
This revelation startled Stella.
Unaware of Stella’s reaction, Alissa handed her a set of documents.
“These are my recent works,” she began but paused when she noticed Stella’s unwavering focus on the photo.
After a brief silence, Alissa gently set aside the documents and picked up the photo.
‘s BunnyBookery
Caught off guard, Stella blurted out, “Alissa, who is this girl?”
Alissa’s expression softened with a touch of sadness and nostalgia as she stroked the photo.
“This is the good friend I mentioned to you before,” she explained softly.
Then, meeting Stella’s eyes, she added, “Have you noticed that you look like her?”
Stella nodded, her confusion evident.
Alissa smiled softly and said, “The first time I saw you, I felt the same.
I almost thought my good friend had returned to me, but your ages are so different.
Perhaps God knew how much I missed her, so He sent you to be with me.
”
Stella fell into a thoughtful silence.
Suddenly, everything made sense.
She realized why Alissa had sometimes looked at her as if seeing someone else through her.
Despite this realization, Stella felt only gratitude toward Alissa for all the help she had given her.
Seeing Alissa’s sadness and tears welling up just from talking about her friend briefly, Stella understood how deeply Alissa cherished her lost friend.
“Alissa, the past is gone, and the living must move forward.
Your friend wouldn’t want to see you like this,” Stella said gently, trying to comfort her.
Alissa wiped her tears and smiled.
“It’s been many years, and I’ve survived the hardest times.
Let’s not dwell on it,” she said, handing the documents to Stella.
“My student brought these materials back from abroad.
They’ll help you learn embroidery techniques.
”
Stella accepted the documents gratefully.
“Thank you.
”
###chapter1927
“You’re welcome,” Alissa replied warmly.
They returned to the living room and engaged in light conversation.
As lunchtime approached, Stella received a message from Bella.
It read, “I made some food.
I’ll bring it to you later.
Are you at home or in the studio?”
Concerned about Bella exerting herself, Stella was about to decline when an idea struck her.
Turning to Alissa, she asked, “Alissa, do you have any plans for Lunch?”
“Already lunchtime?” Alissa looked surprised.
“If you don’t mind, why don’t you stay here for lunch? I can whip up a few simple dishes.
”
Stella hurriedly explained, “My mother just messaged me.
She has prepared lunch.
If you don’t have other plans, I’d love to take you to join us.
”
Stella believed Alissa and Bella, being around the same age and in the same industry, would have plenty to talk about.
“I don’t think it’s proper…” Alissa hesitated, her voice trailing off.
“You’ve already spent so much time with me today.
You’ve finally reunited with your mother.
I shouldn’t intrude.
”
Stella shook her head firmly.
“Please don’t say that.
You’ve been so kind to me today.
I had planned to invite you to Lunch, but since my mother has already prepared it, I would love for you to join us.
”
Alissa still seemed uncertain.
“Your mother and I have never met before.
I don’t want to impose.
”
“No, it’s not a bother at all,” Stella reassured her with a warm smile.
“I’ve already spoken to her about it, and she’s excited to meet you and insisted that you join us.
”
Unable to refuse anymore, Alissa smiled and agreed, “Alright then.
”
As they headed out, Alissa asked Stella, “Is there anything your mother particularly likes? I can’t go empty-handed.
I’d like to bring a gift.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella paused, realizing she didn’t know much about her mother’s personal preferences.
Since she knew
Bella, they had mostly talked about work; they rarely discussed such things.
“I’m sorry, I’m not sure,” Stella admitted awkwardly.
“To be honest, I don’t know what she likes.
”
Noticing Stella’s embarrassment, Alissa smiled warmly and reassured her, “It’s alright.
You two have just reunited.
You’ll learn more about each other in time.
I’m sure your mother won’t mind.
”
Spotting a flower shop by the roadside, Alissa suggested, “Let’s pull over here.
I’ll grab a bunch of flowers.
”
Stella halted the car, and Alissa quickly purchased a bunch of Lilies before returning to the car.
They arrived at Bella’s home, where Bella greeted them warmly.
Noticing Kristian wasn’t present, Stella felt relieved.
Bella smiled warmly at Alissa and said, “So you’re Professor Perez? You have such grace.
Thank you for helping Stella last time.
”
Upon seeing Bella, Alissa felt an immediate sense of familiarity, as if they were old friends.
###chapter1928
Pushing aside the odd feeling in her heart, she replied with a smile, “You’re welcome.
I feel fortunate to know Stella.
Please just call me Alissa.
”
She presented the flowers she had bought, which Bella accepted happily before inviting them to sit down for lunch.
During the meal, Bella and Alissa engaged in a lively conversation about embroidery.
Bella intently listened to Alissa as she shared her expertise.
“I’ve dabbled in embroidery myself,” Bella mentioned.
“A few years ago, I gave it a try.
Despite my knack for design, the intricate craftsmanship proved too challenging for me.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Hearing Bella’s words, Alissa thought of her long-gone friend.
They were quite similar in this respect, and the familiar feeling Alissa had about Bella was growing stronger.
“If you’re interested, I’d love to teach you embroidery when you have the time, and I could learn from your design skills as well,” Alissa offered warmly.
“Absolutely,” Bella agreed eagerly.
The two continued chatting animatedly.
Midway through their conversation, Alissa glanced at Stella and remarked with a smile to Bella, “I initially thought Stella would resemble you more, but now I see she might take after her father.
He must be quite handsome, considering how beautiful Stella is.
”
Stella remained silent, but the thought of Kristian’s face made her realize she didn’t resemble him much at all.
She remembered Bella mentioning she had undergone some minor cosmetic procedures after her accident.
Suddenly, Stella was curious about what Bella looked like before the car accident.
Bella was open about it.
She candidly admitted, “Stella doesn’t resemble my husband.
I was in an accident previously and underwent some minor cosmetic procedures on my face.
I believe Stella Looks more like how I did before the accident.
”
Alissa appeared composed, yet she was inwardly astonished.
She didn’t trust in mere coincidences, especially not an accumulation of them occurring simultaneously.
Stella bore a resemblance to her friend.
Bella had experienced an accident that required minor cosmetic procedures.
Connecting all the dots, Alissa’s palms began to perspire slightly.
After a brief pause, she ventured, “Have you ever lived in Bysea before?”
This wasn’t the first time Bella had encountered mention of this place.
Although Stella had been adopted by Clint from an orphanage in Bysea, Bella had no memories of the place herself.
She slowly shook her head.
“No.
Why do you ask?”
Receiving a negative response, Alissa felt a pang of disappointment.
She managed a forced smile.
“Oh, it’s nothing.
It’s just that you seemed so familiar.
You remind me of someone I knew back when I was studying in Bysea.
”
Bella nodded in understanding but did not pursue the conversation further.
###chapter1929
The three engaged in light conversation and enjoyed a cheerful lunch.
Once they had finished, Alissa stood to leave, expressing her gratitude.
“Thank you for the lovely meal.
I have classes this afternoon, so I must be going.
”
Knowing Alissa was busy, Bella made no attempt to detain her.
As Stella rose to escort Alissa to the door, it swung open unexpectedly.
Kristian entered.
Alissa’s face drained of color at the sight of him.
She gasped, “Ethan Vance?”
It had been years since Kristian had heard that name, and his alertness spiked instantly.
His gaze shifted to Alissa, though he could not place her.
Sensing the tension, Stella voiced her confusion.
“Who are you calling?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Bella, too, was puzzled by the name, unfamiliar to her ears.
She rationalized that it was not uncommon for people to resemble one another and be mistaken for someone else.
Without dwelling on it, she introduced Kristian to Alissa.
“This is Kristian, my husband, a businessman based in Dorburn.
”
Kristian did his utmost to keep his emotions in check as he greeted Alissa with a polite, “Hello.
”
Alissa’s gaze remained fixed on Kristian, ignoring his extended hand.
With a smile, Kristian withdrew his hand, suggesting, “Perhaps you’re mistaking me for someone else.
Do
I resemble the man you mentioned?”
Alissa regarded Kristian with a serious expression.
Dressed in a suit, the man before her kept a gentle smile despite her unexpectedly cold demeanor.
He exuded an air of gentleness and sophistication.
However, Alissa remembered Ethan as distinctly average in every aspect.
How could he have transformed so drastically if they were indeed the same person?
Convinced she had confused him with someone else, Alissa dismissed her suspicions and apologized to Kristian, “I’m sorry.
”
Kristian felt a wave of unease when his long-abandoned identity was brought up once again.
Nevertheless, he maintained a facade of joviality, saying cheerfully, “You’re a friend of my wife.
There’s no need for formalities with me.
”
While he spoke, Kristian observed Alissa, though he genuinely had no recollection of her.
Over the years, he had intentionally tried to erase those painful memories from his mind.
Even if Alissa was someone from his past, he could no longer recall her.
Alissa gave a slight nod and bid them farewell before leaving.
Stella drove her home.
###chapter1930
After watching their car pull away, Kristian ushered Bella back inside the house.
Despite his outward indifference, he was internally fraught with anxiety.
He ventured cautiously, “Who is that lady? She seems close to Stella.
Stella is still young, and I don’t want her associating with disreputable people.
”
Bella glanced at him and replied, “That’s Alissa Perez.
She’s a renowned embroiderer.
The dress we made for Margery wouldn’t have been possible without her skills.
She’s competent and respectable.
”
Though Bella had only met Alissa that day and didn’t know her well, she had formed a positive impression of her.
As Bella spoke, Kristian’s complexion blanched at the mention of Alissa’s name, a ghost from the past he wished to forget.
Refusing to believe it, he sought confirmation.
“Did you say her name is Alissa Perez?”
“Yes, didn’t you hear me?” Bella responded, her brow furrowing slightly.
After receiving confirmation, Kristian became visibly flustered, his palms damp with sweat.
It was then that Bella noticed his distress.
She quickly asked, “What’s wrong? You’re looking very pale.
Are you feeling okay?”
Kristian, struggling to maintain his composure, seized the opportunity to excuse himself.
“I think I’m just exhausted today.
I really don’t feel well.
”
Bella, concerned, urged, “Why don’t you go to your room and rest?”
Kristian hurried to his room, where memories he thought buried forever began to resurface.
He had always believed those recollections would remain hidden deep within him.
Growing up in a humble background, he had fallen for Bella at first sight during their school days.
However, Bella was already with someone else, and despite his efforts, he never captured her heart.
Alissa had always looked down on him.
Kristian vividly remembered the disdain in her eyes; she had been the one placing barriers between him and Bella!
With this realization, Kristian’s hands clenched into fists, his veins bulging and his expression twisting into one of rage and humiliation.
A sinister gleam crossed his eyes.
Years had gone by, yet here was Alissa, re-entering his life, stirring old grudges.
The name “Ethan”—the identity he had worked hard to shed, a symbol of his past vulnerabilities—-loomed over him like a haunting curse.
He was determined not to let anything or anyone from his past jeopardize his current status.
Rising from his bed, Kristian dialed his subordinate’s number.
With a cold, controlled fury, he inquired, “Did you make sure that the information of Ethan Vance is wiped out?”
In the evening, Stella and Miley made plans to go shopping the next day.
Hanging up the phone in a good mood, Stella heard Matthew returning to the room.
He shed his clothes and asked, “Why did Alissa want to see you today?”
###chapter1931
Stella recounted truthfully, “She shared some embroidery works brought by her student from abroad.
I spent some time going through them.
It was quite detailed.
”
She gestured for Matthew to come closer as she helped him loosen his tie.
“Then I took Alissa to Mom’s house for lunch.
”
“Oh?” Matthew raised an eyebrow.
“Sounds like you all had a great time.
”
“Absolutely.
” Stella nodded enthusiastically.
“Alissa and Mom really hit it off.
I think they’ll be good friends.
”
She beamed with happiness, and Matthew mirrored her smile, saying, “That’s wonderful.
Bella doesn’t have many friends here in Seamarsh.
Alissa is a renowned embroiderer and Bella is a famous designer.
They have a lot in common.
”
“Yes,” Stella replied with a smile.
Suddenly, another thought crossed her mind, and she changed the subject.
“Today, Alissa mentioned that I don’t resemble Kristian or Bella at all.
If it weren’t for the DNA test report, I would find it hard to believe I’m their daughter.
”
She touched her face with a hint of sadness.
The reason she had been so sure that Haley was her biological mother was because they looked so alike.
Seeing the distress on Stella’s face, Matthew reassured her, “Looks aren’t everything.
Children don’t always resemble their parents.
We should trust in science.
”
Stella nodded in acknowledgment.
She lay back on the bed and continued, “You’re right, but I can’t shake the feeling that I might resemble Mom before the accident.
When I have the chance, I’ll ask her for photos from before then.
I want to see what she looked like back then.
”
Matthew remained silent as Stella spoke.
Just as she was about to drift off to sleep, she suddenly sat back up, startling Matthew.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, concerned by her sudden movement.
Stella spoke seriously.
“Alissa mentioned a name when she saw Kristian today.
Ethan Vance, yes.
Kristian seemed stunned when she said it.
”
She had been preoccupied with it earlier in the day but got distracted with other tasks and a long chat with Miley in the afternoon, nearly forgetting about it.
Listening attentively, Matthew responded thoughtfully, “Did Alissa say anything more about it?”
Stella shook her head, her expression troubled.
“Not really.
She called Kristian ‘Ethan’ firmly, but when he denied it, she admitted she might have confused him with someone else.
I tried asking her again on the way back home, but she didn’t elaborate.
I think it was just a mistake.
”
Stella sighed, feeling unsettled by the memory.
Matthew pondered for a moment.
Seeing the seriousness in Stella’s eyes, he reassured her, “Perhaps it was just a mix-up.
Try not to dwell on it too much.
If you’re tired, go to bed.
”
Stella nodded, realizing that dwelling on it wouldn’t help.
She quickly pushed it from her mind and drifted off to sleep.
After Stella had fallen asleep, Matthew’s expression darkened.
He stood up and sent a message to Neville, “While you’re investigating Kristian, also look into someone named Ethan Vance.
”
Neville wrapped up his investigation swiftly.
By the next day, he had already made his way to Prosperity Group, carrying the investigation results with him.
He placed the document in front of Matthew, his tone slightly perplexed.
“Investigating Kristian proved challenging, but Ethan was a simpler case.
He’s just a regular guy with no notable background.
What’s your interest in him?”
###chapter1932
Matthew didn’t respond to the question.
Instead, he scanned the document before him.
The information on Ethan was limited, just a handful of text-laden pages.
He looked up, a crease forming between his brows.
“Are there no photographs of him?”
Neville spread his hands in a gesture of helplessness.
“His family was very poor.
With several mouths to feed, they could barely scr@pe by.
Affording photographs was out of the question.
There is a baby photo of him, though I doubt it’s of any use.
”
“What about during his school days? Any photos from then?” Matthew pressed.
“Back then, their digital archives were nonexistent.
Plus, a fire gutted his middle school’s archives room, almost destroying everything, so no photos survived.
I even checked with his university, but came up empty,” explained Neville.
Matthew’s frown deepened, but he remained silent.
Neville stroked his chin thoughtfully.
“It’s quite odd, isn’t it? It makes sense that there are no old photos of him, but no current ones either? It’s as if he’s vanished into thin air.
”
He glanced over at Matthew, who seemed lost in thought and hadn’t replied.
Tapping on the table to catch his attention, Neville noticed Matthew snap back to reality and continued, “Why have you suddenly taken an interest in this man? And why link him with Kristian? Is there some connection between them?”
Reflecting on the data he had gathered the previous day, Neville added, “Though Kristian and Ethan are about the same age, Kristian is a wealthy businessman in Dorburn, and Ethan is from the lower echelons of society.
Their worlds are so different.
It’s unlikely they’re connected.
”
Matthew, recalling what Stella had mentioned the night before, paused to consider a bold guess.
He looked directly at Neville and proposed, “What if Ethan and Kristian are actually the same person?”
This suggestion took Neville by surprise.
He initially thought Matthew was jesting, but the earnest expression on Matthew’s face made him reconsider.
“Are you certain about this?” he questioned, skepticism lacing his tone.
With a deep and meaningful look, Matthew replied, ‘m not certain, which is why I need you to delve deeper into this.
”
He slammed the document onto the table and said, “Since we couldn’t uncover any photos of him at the university, we should track down his college friends.
If Ethan truly exists, someone must remember him.
”
Matthew remained convinced there was a link between Kristian and Ethan.
Amid their conversation, a knock interrupted them.
Both Matthew and Neville fell silent instantly.
Outside, hearing Matthew’s invitation to enter, Lindsay swung the door open.
She carried a tray with two steaming cups of coffee.
As she set one cup before Matthew, Neville’s voice echoed with surprise.
“Lindsay? When did you get back? How come I didn’t hear about it?”
“I returned just a few days ago.
I hadn’t had the chance to tell you,”
Lindsay explained, her smile warm as she set down the other cup of coffee in front of Neville.
Neville scanned her briefly before asking, “So, you’re working for him now?”
He was referring to Matthew, of course.
“Yes.
Recently, I’ve been learning a lot from Fernando and Matthew,”
Lindsay replied, still smiling.
She then stowed the tray away and added, “I really shouldn’t discuss personal matters during work.
I won’t disturb you any Longer.
”
###chapter1933
With those words, she made to leave, but Neville, half—joking, called out, “Let’s grab dinner sometime when you’re free.
”
Lindsay gave a polite nod in response.
As she exited, Matthew caught Neville’s gaze lingering on Lindsay.
Raising an eyebrow, he remarked coldly, “Asking her out so quickly? Aren’t you worried Miley might get jealous?”
Taking a sip of his coffee, Neville chuckled lightly.
“I was merely being courteous.
Besides, Miley isn’t the type to get jealous over such trivial matters.
But you…”
His eyes twinkled mischievously as he set down his cup.
“Lindsay once saved your life, yet here she is, working almost like a waitress at Prosperity Group.
Doesn’t that seem a bit ungrateful?”
Matthew, unfazed, pulled out a document and responded, “It’s her choice, not mine.
”
Neville pressed him further, “So you just agreed to it? Does Stella even know about this?”
Matthew looked up, meeting Neville’s gaze.
“Absolutely.
We don’t keep secrets from each other.
”
Neville’s voice dropped to a whisper, almost as if he were afraid.
“Did you tell Stella about how Lindsay saved your life?”
Matthew nodded slightly, affirming Neville’s words.
Undeterred, Neville went on, “And does Stella know about your grandmother’s wish for you to marry Lindsay?”
At this, Matthew’s expression darkened, and he frowned.
He shot Neville a warning look.
“Enough with the nonsense.
”
Yet, Neville, enjoying the drama, grinned and teased, “If it’s really nonsense, why does it bother you so much? Someone surely hasn’t forgotten about it, right?”
Matthew’s patience thinned.
“Do you have anything else to say? If not, I think it’s time you left.
Neville feigned a wounded heart.
“How can you be so cold? To just discard me after I’ve served my purpose?”
Matthew’s expression darkened.
Seeing that Matthew couldn’t take it anymore, Neville quickly gave in.
“Alright, I’ll leave now.
”
With a dismissive snort, Matthew turned back to the document in his hands.
Neville rose from his chair, and as he turned to leave, he couldn’t resist offering a piece of advice.
“Just a heads-up, you might want to clear things up with your wife beforehand.
If she finds out from someone else and gets jealous, you’ll find yourself running out of room to explain.
”
He hurried out of the office without glancing back at Matthew’s reaction.
Matthew tried to focus on the document, but Neville’s final words echoed in his head.
###chapter1934
He reflected on Stella’s interactions with Lindsay and wondered if Stella would feel jealous.
Despite his uncertainty, he knew one thing for certain, that he was married to Stella, and that was unchangeable.
He reassured himself that the past was the past and Stella had no reason to feel jealous.
Yet, despite his attempts at self-assurance, a knot of unease lingered in his stomach.
Suddenly, a strong desire to hear Stella’s voice overwhelmed him.
After a moment’s contemplation, he picked up the phone and dialed her number.
Stella went shopping with Miley.
While they strolled around the mall, Miley held her hand and said in confusion, “When we were on the phone last time, I didn’t have time to ask you in detail.
Who are you going to pick up an engagement gift for? Is it someone we both know? Why haven’t I heard of any upcoming engagement party?”
Miley knew almost all of Stella’s friends, so she wondered why she hadn’t heard anything about it yet.
Stella answered honestly, “They are friends of the Clark family, so you probably don’t know them.
Matthew’s grandparents seem to attach great importance to them, so I hope I can choose a gift they like.
”
Miley nodded in understanding.
“If that’s the case, you should really pay more attention to it.
”
At that moment, Stella’s phone rang.
It was Matthew calling.
Stella was a little surprised when she saw his name flashing on the screen.
A sweet smile appeared on her beautiful face.
She pressed the answer button and said, “What’s up? Why did you suddenly call me at this time?”
“I miss you,” Matthew said in a deep and magnetic voice.
His words made Stella blush.
But when she inadvertently saw the meaningful look in Miley’s eyes, she suppressed her emotions and pretended to be calm.
She asked, “Aren’t you busy with your work?”
“So what? Can’t I think about my wife while working?” Matthew said, smiling faintly.
Stella was silent for a while.
She felt something was wrong.
She asked in a deep voice, “Why do I feel Like you are hiding something from me?”
They were always together except during working time, and Matthew seldom said sweet words.
But out of the blue, he called her just to say sweet nothings.
So, there must be a reason for this sudden change.
But Matthew didn’t mind her question.
Instead, he continued to tease her, “I suddenly miss you so much that I want to hear your voice.
Now that we’re talking, I don’t feel tired anymore.
”
Those were just normal words.
But his magnetic and deep voice added some special emotions to them.
Stella’s face blushed even more.
And when she raised her head, she saw Miley covering her mouth and giggling.
She couldn’t stand it anymore, so she quickly said, “You should go back to work.
Let’s talk at home later.
”
###chapter1935
After saying this, she hung up the phone without waiting for him to say anything more.
Miley teased her, “You have been married for a long time, but Matthew is still so clingy to you.
I’m surprised.
”
As soon as Miley said this, her phone rang.
It was Neville.
When Stella saw the caller’s name on the screen, she laughed and said jokingly, “Well, your boyfriend is also clingy.
”
Ignoring the embarrassed look on Miley’s face, Stella patted her on the shoulder and said, “Answer it.
I’ll just go to that jewelry shop.
”
Stella entered the shop in front of them.
The shop assistant immediately approached her.
“Hello, ma’am.
What kind of jewelry are you looking for? We have some new arrivals, and most of them are pearls.
They suit your temperament.
”
“Okay, I want to see them,” Stella replied briskly.
The shop assistant led her to the counter and took out the sets of jewelry she recommended.
While Stella was looking at the jewelry, a woman’s voice sounded behind her.
“Oh, isn’t this Mrs.
Clark?”
Stella turned her head and saw the woman.
She immediately felt a sense of hostility from the woman.
But she didn’t know the woman, so she didn’t say anything.
Joann and her two friends walked up to Stella and glanced at the jewelry she was looking at.
Then, Joann said disdainfully, “This is so old-fashioned.
I’m afraid only a country bumpkin will like this kind of thing.
”
As Joann spoke, her disdainful eyes were fixed on Stella.
She snorted coldly, “Now that you have married Matthew, you have begun to buy these vulgar things with his money.
As expected, you’re just a cheesy woman.
”
One of her two friends beside her echoed, “That’s right.
Some people use unscrupulous means just to marry into a rich family, hoping they can live a better life.
But even so, they still can’t change their poor taste.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
The other friend added, “Unlike our Joann, who grew up in a wealthy family.
These lowly sets of jewelr
y are just trash in her eyes.
”
When Joann heard these compliments, a hint of complacency appeared in her eyes.
On the other hand, Stella was displeased.
She asked with a frown, “Who are you? Have we met?”
Joann snorted coldly, “Humph! Do you want to know my name? Are you worthy of it?”
After saying this, she picked up the jewelry Stella was looking at.
Joann smiled contemptuously and said arrogantly, “Since you are spending Matthew’s money, I advise you to buy more valuable things rather than this.
Don’t always lay your eyes on these flashy but cheap things.
Otherwise, if you are kicked out of the Clark family one day, you will be poor again.
”
Stella could tell that this woman was making trouble out of nothing.
Her face darkened slightly.
She said coldly, “It’s not your concern.
I have my own job, and I don’t need to live off a man.
If you continue talking nonsense, I can sue you for stirring up trouble.
”
However, Joann didn’t take her threat seriously at all.
“Oh my! I didn’t know you got angry so easily.
Did I say anything wrong? I am just telling the truth.
If you didn’t hook up with Matthew, you wouldn’t be qualified to enter this jewelry shop.
”
Stella didn’t want to waste time on shallow people like Joann and her friends.
She grabbed the jewelry from Joann’s hand and said indifferently, “Since you are so much better than me, the amount of this jewelry is certainly nothing to you.
If you want to buy this for me, I won’t mind.
But if you have little money, just be quiet and stop disturbing me.
”
###chapter1936
Joann got angry at once.
She could not accept that someone Like Stella acted arrogantly in front of her.
She took out her bank card and handed it to the shop assistant.
“I’ll pay for this set of jewelry.
”
She then looked at Stella disdainfully and added arrogantly, “I can afford this cheap jewelry.
I pity you, so I’ll give this to you as charity.
”
When the shop assistant noticed the tense atmosphere between Stella and Joann, she was at a loss, not knowing what to do.
Stella noticed this, so she smiled and said to Joann, “Miss, since you’re so generous, I’ll take it.
Thank you.
”
She then nodded at the shop assistant, motioning her to accept Joann’s card.
Joann didn’t expect Stella to be so calm.
It seemed she had fallen into Stella’s trap.
At the thought of this, the expression on Joann’s face changed.
She quickly calmed herself down and sneered, “I really think you are pathetic.
The Clark family probably hasn’t told you that you are not the first choice for Matthew’s wife.
”
Stella’s expression slightly changed upon hearing this.
And when Joann saw this, she was pleased.
She mocked, “Judging from your expression, it seems you really know nothing.
”
Stella asked with a frown, “What exactly do you want to say?”
Joann looked at Stella complacently and said, “Since you want to know, I will tell you.
I am a kind person, after all.
The ideal wife Matthew’s grandmother chose for him was Lindsay.
If Lindsay didn’t get angry at Matthew and went abroad a few years ago, you wouldn’t have a chance.
”
Stella’s brows furrowed even tighter.
She was sure she had never met this woman before.
But when she mentioned Lindsay’s name so intimately, Stella assumed this woman knew Lindsay personally.
Now Stella knew why this woman was hostile to her.
This realization made her feel a little uncomfortable.
Her marriage with Matthew was arranged by their grandfathers.
And at that time, Matthew was repulsive to her.
While Stella was lost in thought, the shop assistant suddenly returned to them.
She looked at Joann and said hesitantly, “Miss, I’m sorry.
Your card has insufficient balance.
”
Joann’s expression twisted in disbelief.
“That’s impossible! There must be something wrong with your machine.
Try again,” she demanded, her voice edged with desperation.
The shop assistant, clearly uncomfortable, complied and ran the card again, only to receive the same result.
She glanced apologetically at Joann and then at Stella.
Stella composed herself and realized how absurd she had been to doubt Matthew based on a stranger’s words.
As the shop assistant tried to explain the situation to Joann, Stella couldn’t help but smile at her.
Joann could sense Stella’s mocking smile, and she clenched her fists angrily.
“I have at least three million on this card.
It’s impossible that I can’t afford this!”
The shop assistant remained silent for a moment, visibly uncomfortable.
Finally, she spoke with a mix of sympathy and helplessness.
“I’m sorry, miss.
This set of jewelry is custom-made by the designer with high-quality Akoya pearls.
Its total price is twenty million.
”
###chapter1937
Twenty million?
The price was insane!
Under the scrutinizing gaze of the onlookers, Joann’s face burned with embarrassment.
How could she have known? It was just a few pearls, and whatever money she had on her card was her hard-earned savings.
Joann didn’t want to be embarrassed in front of so many people, but she had no more money.
When Miley entered the store and saw the three women, she quietly asked Stella, “Do you know them?”
Stella shook her head subtly, choosing not to elaborate.
Instead, she turned to Joann and asked directly, “Can you still make with the payment? If not, I’m happy to cover it.
”
Joann had already committed to paying for the jewelry.
If she backed out now, it would be a blow to her pride.
She took a deep breath and said, “Of course! But I only have this card with me today.
Just wait a moment.
I’ll call someone to bring a different card right away.
”
Then she took out her phone and called Bennett, but the call was immediately rejected.
The next second, she received a message, which read, “I’m in a meeting.
What’s up?”
His response was curt and distant.
Normally, Joann wouldn’t have been bothered, but facing Stella now, she couldn’t shake off her frustration.
She lowered her head and sent another message to Bennett, only to receive no reply this time.
Seeing Joann’s futile attempt, Stella indifferently said, “It’s alright if you can’t afford it.
My time is very precious, so please stop wasting it.
”
She handed her card to the shop assistant and added, “But I still advise you to know your capabilities before doing something Like this again.
”
Her words felt like a slap to Joann’s face.
She was so angry she could hardly breathe.
“Why are you so proud of yourself? You can only afford it because of Matthew’s money.
You’re not as high and mighty as you think!”
Miley could clearly tell that Joann was here to stir up trouble.
Unable to stand it any longer, she was about to speak up for Stella when she was stopped.
Stella corrected Joann, “Not every woman is like you.
Many of us can afford our own jewelry without relying on men.
”
As the expression on Joann’s face suddenly changed, Stella added indifferently, “And so what if I do spend Matthew’s money? He is my husband, and his money is my money.
We don’t just share a bed; we share a life.
You’ll understand what I mean when you’re married.
”
Joann seethed with anger, her face ablaze with fury at Stella’s cutting words.
Finally finding her voice, she uttered, “Shame on you!”
Never did she expect such a response from Stella.
Yet, the undeniable truth was that she and Matthew were indeed a couple, leaving Joann without a retort.
###chapter1938
With a flick of her wrist, Stella settled the bill and departed with Miley in tow.
Outside, Miley couldn’t hide her perplexity as she asked, “Who were those three women? Did you have any issues with them before?”
Stella shook her head, bemused.
“I don’t know them.
I’ve never met them before.
They started being mean to me as soon as they saw me.
”
Even as she spoke, Stella couldn’t shake off Joann’s mention of Lindsay, hinting at a past romance with Matthew.
It stung, though she quickly dismissed the thought.
Regardless of the truth in Joann’s words, Stella was sure that Matthew’s heart belonged to her now, rendering the past irrelevant.
Miley, less tolerant than Stella, fumed, saying, “You didn’t provoke them at all, but they still treated you like that.
What’s wrong with them?”
Stella brushed off the incident with a smile, unfazed.
Miley persisted in her anger.
“Those women were so out of line! You should’ve called security right away.
I mean, this is a mall owned by Prosperity Group.
How could someone like you, Mrs.
Clark, be bullied like that?”
Stella remained the epitome of serenity compared to Miley’s boiling frustration.
She simply waved off the incident with a gentle shake of her head and remarked, “Never mind, I don’t care.
It’s not me who got upset anyway.
No need to waste resources on this.
”
Miley stewed in anger the entire time, convinced that Stella’s kindness bordered on weakness.
Despite being unjustly berated, she didn’t try to retaliate.
Stella soothed Miley’s emotions with a shopping spree, eventually coaxing her into letting go of the incident.
‘s BunnyBookery
Later that evening, over dinner at home, Matthew broached the topic cautiously.
“Did you find a suitable gift today?”
“Yes, it’s in the living room.
” Stella’s demeanor remained unchanged, subtly gesturing for him to glance outside the dining room.
A sizable gift box adorned the living room table.
Matthew paid little attention to it, instead probing further, “Did anything happen while you were out? Did it affect your mood?”
Stella picked up on an unusual undertone in his words.
Setting down her utensils, she met his gaze squarely.
“Did Miley talk to you?”
Stella figured he wouldn’t be asking these questions unless he was already in the loop.
Matthew conceded, admitting, “I reviewed the surveillance footage.
The woman who confronted you today was Joann Crawford.
”
Stella furrowed her brow, the name triggering a connection.
She gasped, realization dawning.
“Joann Crawford? Isn’t that the name of the bride on the invitation card? Are they the same person?”
Matthew nodded, affirming her suspicions.
Stella frowned, contemplating the implications of this revelation.
###chapter1939
The atmosphere at the upcoming engagement party might be awkward after today’s confrontation.
Recalling Joann’s words, she asked Matthew, “Does she also know Lindsay?”
“I don’t know all the details,” Matthew said in a hushed voice, “but Lindsay apparently saved Joann in the past.
Those two are very close.
”
Stella frowned.
Something was not right about that.
“It sounds like Lindsay just goes around saving people all the time,” she muttered.
“And of course, she always ends up being best friends with everyone she rescues.
”
She didn’t know whether it was all just a coincidence or it was well -planned.
What were the odds of one woman saving other people over and over again throughout her lifetime?
Stella couldn’t help but ponder even the most absurd possibility.
Was Lindsay really as innocent as she looked?
Matthew put some food on her plate.
“Whatever it was that Joann told you today, pay no mind to it.
I’m sorry, I want to do something, but I can’t act out of line on account of the relationship between our families.
”
His voice pulled Stella back to the present.
She thought about what happened earlier and couldn’t help but smile.
“Don’t worry; none of it matters to me.
It’s not like I suffered any loss.
”
Then her gaze drifted to the gift box sitting on the living room table, and her smile turned mischievous.
“I do wonder, though, how she would feel once she opens my present for her at the engagement party.
She might think that I’m deliberately picking a fight with her.
”
Matthew stared at her for a moment.
Finding nothing out of the ordinary, he said, “Well, it’s fine as long
as you don’t take anything to heart.
My family’s relationship with the Crawfords is pretty casual.
We’re only attending the engagement part for the sake of the Lowell family.
”
It was Stella’s turn to peer at Matthew.
He seemed to be uncharacteristically on edge, like he was walking on eggshells.
Narrowing her eyes, she asked, “Are you nervous about something?”
Matthew froze for a few seconds and quickly shook his head.
“No, why would I be?”
Stella stared at him with a faint, knowing smile.
“Really? You’re not worried Joann might have said something to me?”
When Matthew remained stiff, she added, “Like, say, the fact that you almost married Lindsay before?”
There was a slight shift in Matthew’s expression.
It was fleeting, but it didn’t escape Stella’s notice.
And while she had told herself repeatedly that it was all in the past, it didn’t make the confirmation of her hunches any less unpleasant.
What irked her the most was that Matthew had never mentioned something so important to her.
At the back of her mind, she knew that he wanted to take this secret to the grave if he could.
It made her wonder… What else was he trying to hide?
Stella bit her lower lip.
The more she thought about it, the more irritable she became.
She even lost her appetite.
Still, she did her best to remain composed as she put her fork down.
“I’m full.
I’m going upstairs now.
”
###chapter1940
Then she stood up and left before Matthew could say anything else.
Stella had succeeded in keeping her true feelings from showing on her face, but of course, Matthew saw right through her.
They were husband and wife, after all.
He didn’t even hesitate.
His chair scr@ped against the floor as he jumped to his feet and rushed after her.
Stella heard him bounding up the stairs behind her, but she only quickened her pace.
They were on the second floor landing when Matthew caught her hand and stopped her.
“Please don’t be mad.
I never had any feelings for Lindsay.
If anything, I only saw her as my sister.
It was only my grandmother’s wish for me to marry her.
”
Stella rolled her eyes.
As if that would make her feel any better.
She whirled around and snatched her hand from his.
“Is that so? If I remember correctly, you didn’t want to marry me, either.
It’s safe to say that you didn’t have feelings for me back then, right?”
Her own words stung, yet Stella couldn’t seem to stop herself from saying her thoughts out loud.
“It only goes to show that love can develop over time.
Who knows? If you had married Lindsay then, maybe you would have eventually fallen for her, and you’d be a happy couple by now.
”
Afraid that Stella would run away from him again, Matthew pulled her closer and hugged her even tighter.
He explained, “I admit I didn’t want to get married back then.
I was devoted to my career.
But my grandparents hoped I could get married, and I didn’t have the heart to fail them.
I let them choose a woman for me.
My only request was a wife who would not bring me trouble.
But later, I got attracted to you.
Before I knew it, I had already fallen in love with you.
Now, I am deeply in love with you.
”
Stella was silent.
But obviously, she calmed down.
While listening to Matthew, she felt that she had overreacted earlier.
‘s BunnyBookery
He sounded very sincere.
Matthew continued, “I’m so sorry.
I didn’t mean to hide it from you I just thought it was not important.
There was no need to mention it.
”
Stella pursed her lips and said in a low voice, “I know, and I understand.
But I just can’t help overthinking.
”
What she said was true.
Her heart felt heavy, especially when she thought of the good relationship between Lindsay and Lucia and the fact that Lindsay had saved Matthew in the past.
When Matthew saw the pain in Stella’s eyes, he held her hand tightly and said, “I am a stubborn man.
I never change my mind about things and people I love.
What I want is what I want.
No matter what happens, I only have one wife.
That is you.
You are the only woman in my life until I die.
”
As he spoke, his tone was filled with solemnity and unquestionable certainty.
Stella lowered her head slightly.
She was at a loss, not knowing what to say.
She also realized that she seemed unreasonable just now.
It was as if she was making trouble out of nothing.
Matthew didn’t say anything more, either.
He just hugged her gently in his arms after making sure she didn’t try to push him away.
He continued to placate Stella softly.
“I was never with any other woman before you.
And I won’t be with any other woman after you.
”
Matthew’s voice seemed to have the power to comfort people.
His sincere promise made Stella gradually calm down.
###chapter1941
She nestled in his arms and faintly hummed.
Matthew thought for a while.
Then, he said, “By the way, Kristian came to see me today.
”
Stella raised her head in surprise.
“Why did he come to see you?”
As far as she knew, Kristian and Matthew didn’t interact a lot.
Matthew answered, “He brought a film contract and said he wanted to cooperate with us.
”
Stella put aside her earlier unhappiness.
She asked with a frown, “What do you think?”
She pondered for a while.
“Although I don’t have deep feelings for Kristian, he might be my father after all.
I think it’s better not to involve interests between family members.
Otherwise, if we fall out, I’m afraid things won’t end up well.
”
Matthew gently rubbed her head.
“Don’t worry so much.
It’s just a project.
Even if something goes wrong, I’ll make sure to cover it up and won’t let it bother you.
Trust me.
I will handle this matter well.
”
He didn’t want her to worry.
But he still told her about this matter because he didn’t want to hide anything from her.
After investigating Ethan, Matthew felt Kristian’s identity became more and more complicated.
He was sure of only one thing.
And that was Kristian was not as simple as he looked.
There must be some secrets behind Kristian.
Matthew wanted to dig deeper, but Kristian was very cautious.
There was very little useful information
about him.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Actually, Matthew wanted to personally get involved and find out about Kristian’s plan.
The engagement party of the Lowell family was rapidly approaching.
On that day, Joann sought out the most renowned makeup artist and studio in Seamarsh to ensure she looked breathtaking.
Aware of the whispers and snickers behind her back, comments about her doing anything to marry Bennett, she was determined to dazzle at the party and silence her detractors.
Joann was meticulous about every detail of the engagement celebration.
Surveying her outfit and hairstyle, she erupted, “What on earth is this? I’m paying top dollar, and this is what you come up with to handle me?”
She kept doubting their makeup skills and their ability to choose the right combinations.
Her exacting standards in the dressing room made everyone on edge.
They were anxious but powerless to alter the situation, given they were employed by her.
Finally, when the stylist presented a set of jewelry, Joann gave it a cursory look only to realize it was nearly identical to the set Stella had chosen in the jewelry store, a memory that brought back a humiliating encounter.
Her irritation flared, and she slammed the jewelry onto the floor in a fit of rage.
“What is this garbage? Who chose these? Replace them immediately!”
Her fierce temper sent shivers down the spines of everyone present.
The stylist nodded and was on the verge of picking up the jewelry scattered on the floor when Lindsay approached.
She gently lifted the pieces and asked in a soft voice, “Today’s supposed to be joyful.
What’s got you so upset?”
###chapter1942
Joann’s face brightened at the sight of her.
“You’re late! I’ve been here waiting for ages,” she exclaimed, pulling Lindsay to sit next to her.
Noticing Lindsay’s simple yellow dress, which bore no particular design, Joann’s expression turned to one of mild discontent.
“Why would you wear something so plain on such a special day? I’ll have the stylist give you a makeover Later.
”
Lindsay declined politely, sayign, “No, thanks.
Today is your engagement party.
You should be the center of attention, not me.
”
Joann clasped Lindsay’s arm reassuringly.
“You’re my best friend.
It’s important that you look stunning today.
”
Lindsay offered a smile, choosing not to linger on the subject.
She placed the jewelry on the table and turned the conversation back to Joann’s earlier frustration.
“Why were you so upset with the jewelry earlier?”
Joann’s demeanor shifted slightly, her annoyance rekindling.
“It’s all Stella’s doing,” she muttered with a scoff.
Lindsay blinked, her voice measured as she asked, “What exactly did she do to you?”
Joann stretched the truth when recounting to Lindsay what happened between Stella and her at the jewelry store that day.
She concealed her intentional provocation and said, “I merely approached to greet her, yet her response was curt, almost hostile.
Can you believe she dropped twenty million on a set of jewelry just like that? Clearly, she’s spending Matthew’s money.
”
As Joann talked, her anger surged.
Clenching her teeth, she continued, “You should’ve seen how smug she
looked! She definitely married Matthew for his money.
”
While Joann simmered with fury, Lindsay silently scoffed, amused at the prospect of her making a scene.
But on the surface, Lindsay maintained her charade of convincing Joann to calm down.
“Don’t meddle with Stella.
Matthew’s married, and I honestly wish them happiness.
The past promise was all in jest.
Don’t take it too seriously.
”
“How can I just let it go? Yes, you’re kind, but she took your man.
We can’t just ignore that! And her smug expression is unbearable.
I’ll help you reclaim what’s rightfully yours.
”
Lindsay hesitated, playing her part well.
“I’m not sure that’s wise.
What if we get caught?”
With a scoff, Joann reassured her, “Don’t worry, I’ll handle it discreetly.
And tonight, you’ll be Matthew’s dance partner.
”
As the engagement party kicked off, Joann and Bennett welcomed their guests side by side.
Joann’s eyes constantly darted toward the entrance, searching for Stella.
Gripping her goblet tightly, she resolved to settle scores with Stella tonight.
The onlookers observed Joann and Bennett together, offering them polite, though clearly insincere compliments.
“You two are a perfect match.
”
“I agree.
”
“Looks like we’ll be attending your wedding soon.
”
Although the comments lacked genuine warmth, they nonetheless conveyed a form of respect.
The Lowell family had seen better days, now a shadow of their former glory, but Bennett was ambitious.
Having achieved notable success abroad over recent years, he returned with a significant project under his belt.
###chapter1943
The room was filled with businessmen eager for a slice of Bennett’s venture, all too ready to ingratiate themselves with him.
Amid the adulation, Joann’s smile grew incessant, almost reaching euphoria.
However, the moment Bennett was summoned to speak, the illusion of respect for Joann crumbled.
Few guests appreciated a woman who climbed the social ladder through deception.
Without Bennett’s presence, she faded into the background.
Left alone, Joann found herself conversing with Lindsay, her only remaining company.
She snapped irritably, “Stella really has no sense of timing.
How can she be late on such a crucial day? Does she even care about the Lowell family anymore?”
As Joann’s frustration boiled over to the point where she stamped her feet, Lindsay found Joann’s claim to be a member of the Lowell family distasteful.
Nevertheless, she responded gently, “Perhaps something’s come up.
”
Joann huffed, “We’ll see about that.
Once she gets here, I’ll set her straight.
She needs to understand that winning over Matthew doesn’t fix everything.
”
No sooner had Joann finished her rant than Stella and Matthew made their entrance.
The Prosperity Group was central to Seamarsh’s economy, and the crowd’s attention was more on Stella and Matthew than on the newly engaged couple, Bennett and Joann.
Joann’s anger intensified when she saw Stella arriving amidst a crowd of admirers.
Clenching her teeth, she muttered, “Just look at her.
Anyone unaware of the details might mistake her for the star of this
event!”
Meanwhile, Lindsay, who was also holding back feelings of jealousy, watched as Stella and Matthew held hands tightly, managing to mask her discontent.
As Matthew entered the venue, he instantly became the center of attention, drawing everyone’s desire to converse with him.
Feeling somewhat out of place, Stella sensed that her presence might hinder the conversation.
She leaned in and whispered to Matthew, “You go ahead and mingle.
I’ll take a break.
”
Matthew gave her hand a reassuring squeeze and replied, “I’ll join you soon.
”
With a nod, Stella stepped away, her eyes catching Lindsay’s and Joann’s.
Aware of the tension since the jewelry store incident, and knowing Joann’s dislike for her, she opted not to engage.
Instead, she waited for Bennett, the true guest of honor, to show up before presenting her gift.
After shooting Stella a sharp glare, Joann turned away disdainfully.
Just then, Joann’s friends approached, bringing a smile to her face.
One of them eyed her dress, marveling.
“Your dress is stunning! Did you have it custom-made? I’ve never seen it in any store.
Who’s the designer?”
Joann, basking in the admiration, deliberately raised her voice.
“Nikolai.
You all know him, right? The dress I’m wearing isn’t something you find just anywhere.
It’s exclusive.
”
“It’s by Nikolai! That’s incredible, Joann.
I’ve tried to reach him but never could.
”
“Joann, could you introduce me to him next time? I’d love to wear something by Nikolai at least once.
###chapter1944
As Joann reveled in the envy of her peers, a man suddenly spoke up.
“Why don’t I recall designing such a dress?”
His tone was light yet puzzled, drawing everyone’s attention.
Those familiar with the fashion scene recognized him and exclaimed, “It’s Nikolai! I’ve only ever seen his pictures in magazines.
He looks even better in person!”
Nikolai scanned Joann from head to toe and clarified, “I didn’t design that dress.
The one I designed is on her.
”
He then pointed to Stella.
As soon as Nikolai concluded, eyes turned toward Joann, all laden with significance.
“Oh my God! She was called out by the very person involved.
If I were in Joann’s shoes, I’d die of embarrassment.
”
“Such pretense! Even if she wore a regular dress, nobody would have cared.
Why boast about it? Now, she’s been caught in her lie.
”
The murmurs inevitably found their way to Joann.
Seething with rage, she found no outlet for her fury.
Her face, adorned with makeup, twisted in distress.
Stella, meanwhile, was oblivious to the fact that her dress was a Nikolai original.
Her makeup, done by the makeup artists Matthew had arranged, had diverted her attention from such details.
Nikolai approached Stella with a warm smile.
“It’s been a while.
You always manage to surprise me whenever we meet.
”
His gaze was one of genuine admiration.
Caught off guard and unable to feign ignorance of Nikolai, Stella responded with unease, “Thank you.
”
On the sidelines, Lindsay watched their exchange, her fists clenched so tightly that her nails nearly pierced her skin.
She had wanted Matthew to introduce her to Nikolai, but he had deflected with excuses.
Yet here he was, effortlessly facilitating an introduction for Stella.
Lindsay struggled to contain her mounting jealousy.
After some time, Lindsay approached Joann, who was still simmering with anger, and attempted to console her.
“Mr.
Todd would certainly recognize his own design.
Perhaps you’ve been misled?”
Hearing Lindsay’s voice, Joann slowly regained her composure, although her expression remained troubled.
Before her engagement, she had requested Bennett to tailor a dress for her, but he had excused himself, citing work commitments, and suggested she handle it herself.
Determined not to face humiliation, she had someone pay two million dollars for a designer gown by Nikolai.
As she collected her thoughts, Joann spoke up with newfound assurance.
“That’s impossible! The dress, costing me a fortune, must be authentic.
Mr.
Todd, considering the volume of designs you produce, it’s possible you’ve overlooked one or two.
”
Laughter erupted from the audience at her audacity to challenge Nikolai directly.
Nikolai merely smirked and replied, “I did create such a dress three years ago, but only one was made, and it was purchased by a Yulord princess.
Are you claiming to be her?”
###chapter1945
His sneering gaze made Joann falter.
She had no idea about the dress’s storied past.
Feeling the eyes of everyone on her, she felt as though she was under intense scrutiny.
Yet, unwilling to concede, she clenched her teeth and persisted, “I acquired this dress through a broker.
Perhaps… perhaps they deceived me.
”
Her voice wavered with uncertainty.
Nikolai, unyielding, pressed further, “Then I suggest you summon this broker.
I do not permit middlemen to sell my designs, nor do I tolerate forgeries.
”
Under the critical gaze of the onlookers, Joann’s cheeks flushed with embarrassment.
Left with no other option, she dialed the number, but there was no connection.
Trying once more, she discovered the number was now disconnected.
With the mechanical tone echoing in her ear, Joann fought to keep her emotions in check and muttered, “It’s not going through…”
It seemed to Joann that even in the shadows, someone was disdainfully rolling their eyes at her.
Her instincts kicking in, she clenched her fists tightly.
Noticing her distress, Nikolai quickly decided, “Let’s have someone take care of this dress situation.
”
Joann’s expression shifted drastically.
She gripped her sleeves and protested, “No!”
The thought alone terrified her: her engagement party would be a disaster, and she would be the butt of
every joke from then on.
‘s BunnyBookery
Desperately, Joann attempted to reason with Nikolai.
“I had no idea the dress was a counterfeit.
I’m not to blame here.
It’s still a beautiful dress, genuine or not.
Doesn’t that count for something?”
Nikolai disregarded her plea, responding only with a derisive snort.
Frustrated, Joann turned to Stella and demanded, “Why are you just standing there? You know him, right? Help me convince him.
”
Stella furrowed her brow, puzzled by Joann’s behavior.
Lindsay joined in, urging Stella, “It’s Joann’s engagement night.
Since you’re acquainted with Mr.
Todd, perhaps you could extend some help to ensure the evening proceeds without a hitch.
”
“Nikolai’s right here,” Stella said straightforwardly, finding the situation funny.
“If you need to say something, tell him yourself.
Why involve me?”
Lindsay was taken aback by Stella’s straightforward approach.
“But you’re much closer to Mr.
Todd than I am,” she countered, her voice laced with a feigned helplessness.
“If you could just persuade him, he’d surely agree.
It would spare us all this awkwardness.
Can’t you help us out?”
Lindsay’s desperate pleas and pitiful expression made Stella seem like the villain there.
Observers would think Stella had been bullying her the entire time.
Stella’s eyes narrowed slightly, and for a fleeting moment, she felt as if the Lindsay before her was a stranger.
Turning her gaze away, Stella responded coldly, “This is Nikolai’s decision to make, and I have to honor that.
Even if he did listen to me, once this is all over, who would get the credit? You or me?”
Her gaze intense, Stella seemed to be trying to pierce through Lindsay’s facade.
Her intentions seen through, Lindsay found herself at a loss for words.
She had assumed Stella, coming from modest beginnings, would prefer discretion.
She never expected Stella’s resistance.
###chapter1946
Lindsay’s Lips tightened, her gaze losing all warmth.
“Forget it,” Joann whispered sharply, clutching Lindsay’s arm.
“Why even ask her for help? Someone as malicious as she is would relish seeing us embarrass ourselves.
She’d never truly assist us.
”
Faced with their disdainful stares, Stella maintained her composure, disengaging from the petty argument.
Meanwhile, Bennett and Matthew returned to the banquet hall after their private talk, noticing the brewing conflict.
As they approached, Joann quickly hid behind Bennett, casting fearful looks at Stella, playing the victim.
Bennett, however, kept his eyes on Stella, not paying attention to Joann at alt.
Joann, fueled by growing resentment, managed a shaky voice.
“Bennett…”
Only then did Bennett shift his intense gaze to Joann, his brow creased as he asked, “What’s going on?”
Nikolai’s face was grave as he declared, “Bennett, your fiancée has shown disrespect for my work.
I insist she remove the fake she’s wearing at once.
Also, my studio will no longer supply her with designs.
”
Joann’s complexion turned ashen, but with Bennett by her side, she stood her ground.
Defiantly, she shot back, “Fine! Just remember, I paid for this dress myself, even if it’s just a replica.
Nobody has the right to take it from me!”
Nikolai’s expression grew steely, his voice dripping with disdain.
“Every one of my designs is protected by patents.
It’s illegal to copy and wear them publicly.
Considering you’re a member of the distinguished Crawford family and the star of this engagement party, your audacity shocks me.
It makes me question the standards of your upbringing.
”
Nikolai, once genial, mow seethed with indignation, sparked by Joann’s careless words.
His affability vanished, replaced by a barrage of biting remarks.
The party’s guests watched in silence, their gazes fixated on Joann as she crumpled under Nikolai’s fierce condemnation.
She looked desperately at Bennett, her eyes begging him to step in.
Having grasped the essence of their conflict, Bennett’s forehead creased with concern.
He turned to Nikolai.
“I’m sorry, Nikolai.
I’ll handle this right away.
”
He then looked at Joann.
“You need to apologize to Nikolai.
”
Wearied by the mounting tension, Nikolai dismissed them coldly, saying, “An apology isn’t necessary.
”
Nikolai coldly stated, “I just want her to change into something else immediately.
”
After he spoke, the murmurs of others grew louder and louder.
“How disgraceful! She should have apologized sooner.
Why did she cause such a scene?”
Someone snorted and said, “Joann has always been arrogant, especially since she hooked up with Bennett.
Today, she’s finally getting what she deserves.
”
Hearing the comments around her, Joann couldn’t bear to look up.
She refused to back down.
If she compromised now, either wearing a fake dress or being coerced to change, it could land her in the entertainment headlines.
By then, she’d risk becoming a laughingstock.
Joann stayed silent, pursing her lips, waiting for Bennett to speak up for her.
###chapter1947
Glancing at Joann, Bennett took the lead and apologized, “I’m sorry, Nikolai.
It’s Joann’s mistake.
I apologize on her behalf.
Please forgive us.
”
Nikolai responded without emotion, “It’s her issue.
You don’t need to apologize for her.
I simply don’t want her wearing a fake dress and associating it with me.
Today is an important occasion.
She doesn’t need to say sorry.
Just change the dress, and we can move on.
”
Bennett nodded in understanding of Nikolai’s thoughts.
Turning to Joann with a stern tone, he said, “Just do what Nikolai suggested and change the dress.
”
Joann looked at him sadly and protested, “I can’t…”
“It’s your special day today.
You should be happy,” Lindsay interjected, feigning kindness.
She held Joann’s hand and added, “I have an extra dress.
Let’s change into it.
It’s just as beautiful.
”
Initially resistant, Joann didn’t want to give in.
However, seeing Bennett’s growing impatience, she feared his anger if she persisted.
Reluctantly, she bit her lip and conceded, “Alright.
”
She reluctantly went along with Lindsay.
Bennett apologized to Nikolai once more, saying, “I apologize for the inconvenience.
Joann can be quite stubborn.
”
Nikolai and Bennett had been childhood friends, but their contact had waned after the Lowell family moved overseas.
Nikolai had heard rumors about how Joann had hooked up with Bennett.
Now, witnessing Joann’s unreasonable behavior firsthand, he couldn’t bear to see Bennett spend his life with someone like her.
In a quiet tone, he advised Bennett, “Someone like Joann isn’t right for you.
It might be best to end things before you officially get engaged, to prevent future complications for your family.
”
Bennett remained silent.
Nikolai didn’t press further, just gave Bennett a reassuring pat on the shoulder.
Once Bennett departed, Nikolai winked at Matthew and approached him, saying, “You owe me a favor.
”
Then he left.
Matthew arrived late and wasn’t fully informed, but after pondering for a moment, he pieced together the situation and understood Nikolai’s meaning.
His expression darkened slightly.
Feeling that Stella had been treated unfairly, he questioned her, “Did they bully you?”
Stella was momentarily taken aback before understanding his inquiry.
She proceeded to recount the entire incident to him.
After finishing, she shrugged and remarked, “I didn’t really suffer any harm, but I think Joann probably hates me now.
Luckily, after today’s engagement party, I won’t have to see her again.
”
In the lounge, Joann slipped into an extra dress she had packed.
###chapter1948
She had actually prepared several dresses for this significant event, but she didn’t want to back down earlier because she felt so angry.
Holding the hem of her dress, Joann was still pondering the recent events.
A moment later, she grasped Lindsay’s hand and expressed her gratitude.
“I’m so grateful you were there to help me, or I’d have been at a loss.
”
Following that, her thoughts turned to Stella, and she said angrily, “Stella is truly shameless.
It’s bad enough she might be involved with Nikolai, but then Bennett couldn’t stop staring at her earlier.
How does she enchant these men?”
Lindsay was fixing Joann’s hair and tried to calm her.
“Try not to get upset.
Look at yourself.
When you frown like that, you lose your charm.
”
Joann found it difficult to calm her anger.
She held Lindsay’s hand tightly and asked, “Can you really stand by and watch Matthew fall for a woman like that? Since you were raised by Matthew’s grandmother, he won’t suspect you.
Maybe we should take action tonight.
”
Lindsay feigned ignorance and said, “What are you suggesting? You’re the star of the party; you shouldn’t bother yourself with me.
”
Joann quickly clarified, “I want you to have a happy life too.
I have a plan…”
Despite pretending to be uninterested, Lindsay was listening intently.
“Tonight, I’ll distract Stella for you.
We’ll show her how devoted Matthew is to you.
Even if it doesn’t split them up right away, it will definitely cause a rift between them.
Eventually, their relationship will suffer…”
She motioned for Lindsay to come closer and then whispered something in her ear that made Lindsay blush.
Lindsay hesitated and said, “Well… I’m not sure that’s a good idea.
”
“Isn’t love worth fighting for?” Joann responded impulsively, “That’s how I got engaged to Bennett…
Realizing her words might have revealed too much, Joann paused and added, “You and Matthew have been apart for so many years.
Do you really want to give up on him now?”
Lindsay remained silent.
Gripping her hand firmly, Joann said earnestly, “Just hear me out.
Matthew and that woman haven’t had any children yet.
This is your chance.
You need to act quickly.
Otherwise, you might find yourself playing stepmom to Stella’s children someday.
Is that what you want?”
Their conversation remained a secret.
After the drama earlier, there was still an hour left until the party started.
Stella found a secluded spot in the garden to text Miley.
“Mrs.
Clark.
”
Her thoughts were interrupted when someone addressed her.
Stella turned to see Bennett.
“Mr.
Lowell.
” She greeted him with a polite tone.
Bennett approached and gave a small nod.
“Why are you here by yourself? Where is Mr.
Clark?”
Stella replied, “He’s discussing business with some partners, so I stepped outside for a breath of fresh air.
”
###chapter1949
Bennett nodded and expressed his regret, saying, “I apologize for the earlier incident.
Joann tends to act impulsively and often steps out of bounds.
”
Stella offered a reassuring smile and replied, “Please, there’s no need for formalities.
Whatever she might have said, it was her action, not yours.
”
It was just the two of them in the garden.
Stella did not know Bennett well.
She was uncomfortable with the unfamiliar man standing next to her.
She tucked her phone into her purse and said to him, “The dinner party is starting.
We should head inside.
”
She then stood up, ready to walk away.
“Mrs.
Clark,” Bennett called out to stop her.
As Stella turned around, puzzled, she heard him say, “I have a personal question to ask you.
”
Stella was taken aback, unable to fathom what personal question Bennett would ask her.
Bennett quickly clarified, “Please, don’t take it the wrong way.
Having lived overseas for many years, I’m quite out of touch with local matters.
It struck me that I’ve never heard mention of the Anderson family in Seamarsh, and I was curious about your origins.
If my question is too intrusive, feel free not to answer.
”
In stark contrast to the aggressive Joann, Bennett’s manners were flawless.
Realizing he was merely curious about her origins, Stella’s tension eased.
She openly shared, “I’m actually not from Seamarsh.
I was raised in Bysea by my grandfather.
”
Upon hearing this, Bennett’s interest peaked, and he couldn’t help but ask, “What about your parents?”
Stella noticed an odd anticipation in his gaze and hesitated before probing, “Why are you so interested in my family history?”
She posed the question with a light smile, which made Bennett realize his enthusiasm could have seemed excessive.
He moderated his tone and apologized, “I’m sorry for my eagerness.
The truth is, I have a cousin I’ve never met.
She disappeared after an accident and is around your age.
You seemed somewhat familiar when we first met, which piqued my curiosity.
I hope you’re not offended.
”
Upon hearing Bennett’s words, Stella instantly grasped the reason behind his reaction.
Her thoughts turned to Bella and Kristian, who had never resided in Bysea.
Determined not to let Bennett harbor any illusions about her, Stella clarified, “I’m afraid I might let you down.
My parents lived in Dorburn, not here.
We have no family ties to Bysea or Seamarsh.
”
Bennett’s face fell momentarily, but he quickly masked his disappointment with a smile.
“I see.
I’m sorry for the mix-up.
”
Stella shook her head, expressing her empathy.
“It’s alright.
I can imagine how tough it must be, missing family members like that.
”
“Thank you for your understanding,” Bennett replied, his smile warming.
Meanwhile, not too far off, Joann clenched her teeth in frustration.
###chapter1950
After changing her outfit, she had gone looking for Bennett but to no avail.
Instead, she stumbled upon this scene.
Though she couldn’t make out their words, the soft, tender smile on Bennett’s face, a smile she had never seen before, ignited a fierce jealousy in her.
“Bitch.
” She clenched her teeth and spat out the curse.
Then she whipped out her phone and dialed quickly.
“Remember what we discussed? Go ahead with it now!”
After she ended the call with a sharp click, she pivoted and strode into the banquet hall.
Stella and Bennett exchanged a few more words.
Bennett noticed the discomfort on Stella’s face and said cautiously, “I hope my words haven’t brought you any trouble.
Enjoy the evening; I’ll go back inside now.
”
He lingered, his gaze fixed on Stella for a moment longer than necessary, and then turned to leave.
Despite his decision to depart, thoughts of their recent exchange slowed his steps and clouded his thoughts.
“Ah! Help!”
The sudden scream from behind halted Bennett in his tracks.
Upon hearing Stella’s voice, Bennett was suddenly gripped by anxiety.
He turned around and dashed back, searching for where the sound was coming from.
Quickly, he stumbled upon the swimming pool tucked behind the banquet hall.
It was now deep into the evening, and the lighting around the pool was faint, casting everything in shadows.
His vision was unclear, yet he could make out a figure forcefully pushing Stella, who was fighting back with all her might.
The disparity in their strengths was stark.
Stella flailed desperately in the water.
Each time she managed to raise her head for air, the figure shoved her back under.
A shadow of anger crossed Bennett’s face.
He cursed himself for not having left with her earlier, which had allowed this perilous situation to unfold.
Picking up his pace, he rushed to her aid.
“Stop!”
The man, clad in black with a mask concealing his face, looked up, a flash of panic in his eyes.
As Bennett closed in, the man scrambled away in fear.
Bennett was poised to chase after him but halted at the sound of Stella’s struggle.
Without a second thought, he plunged into the pool.
The water was perilously deep, a serious threat for those not adept at swimming.
Stella, attempting to reach the safety of the poolside, was barely managing to keep afloat amidst her struggles.
“Help… Help…”
Panic surged within her, leaving no room for thought, only a desperate plea for rescue.
###chapter1951
She had involuntarily swallowed several gulps of water and was sinking fast.
Despair seeped into Stella’s heart, thick and heavy.
Reacting swiftly, Bennett reached out, seizing her arm from behind while reassuring loudly, “Don’t be afraid.
I’m here to save you.
”
Stella, feeling the grip of a rescuer, barely clung to hope as water choked her lungs.
Pain seared her chest, and her vision blurred.
Recognition failed her.
She could only flail weakly in her fight for air, her strength waning by the second.
Bennett held her firm, battling through the water to drag her to safety.
By the time he hauled Stella from the depths, she had slipped into unconsciousness.
“Mrs.
Clark…” Bennett’s voice was urgent, trying to rouse her, but she remained unresponsive.
With a determined expression, he lifted her effortlessly and made his way to the lounge adjacent to the banquet hall.
As Stella coughed herself back to awareness, she shivered, her eyes wide with residual fear.
“It’s okay.
Everything’s okay now,” Bennett whispered, comforting her gently.
Seeing her in such a delicate state tugged at his heartstrings.
Worried that Stella could catch a cold, he hurriedly carried her to the room without delay.
He laid Stella on the bed, tucked her under the quilt, and turned up the heat.
Then, he fetched a bath towel from the bathroom to dry her face.
He called her softly, repeating her name a few times.
After a moment, Stella began to stir, murmuring in her half-sleep, “Matthew, help me… Matthew…”
Bennett leaned closer, clearly hearing the name Matthew.
‘s BunnyBookery
His brow furrowed slightly.
With a gentle tone, he reassured her, “Rest now.
I’ll bring Matthew here for you right away.
”
The banquet commenced at exactly seven in the evening, and the band began to play some dance music.
When Joann saw Bennett coming down the stairs, she walked up to him happily, only to find he had changed his clothes.
Her mouth subconsciously gaped open, wanting to question him.
But she suddenly realized she shouldn’t be asking at such a critical moment, so she swallowed back her words.
She only hoped tonight’s engagement party would go smoothly.
After this significant event, she would finally become Bennett’s rightful fiancee.
As for the other things, she would deal with them slowly when the time came.
While Joann couldn’t take her eyes off Bennett’s handsome face, the latter didn’t even spare a glance at her.
His eyes swept over the banquet hall, looking for Matthew.
When he caught a glimpse of Matthew talking to Lindsay, he was about to approach them.
However, Joann hurriedly stepped forward, held his arm, andsaid coquettishly, “Bennett, the opening dance is about to begin.
Where are you going?”
###chapter1952
She looked up at him and blinked her beautiful eyes a few times.
Bennett frowned and broke free from her grip.
“Wait here for a moment.
I have something urgent to talk to Matthew about Stella.
”
As soon as Joann heard Stella’s name, the jealousy in her heart was reignited.
She was even more unwilling to let him go.
She lied casually, “Stella sent a message to Lindsay just now, asking her to look for Matthew.
Lindsay is with him now.
Besides, it’s our engagement party.
Why do you have to worry about the matters of the Clark family? Even if something happens to Stella, Matthew will definitely handle it well.
”
Bennett looked in the direction where Matthew stood.
Indeed, Lindsay was with him.
He didn’t doubt Joann’s words anymore.
When Joann noticed this, she held his arm again and said, “Don’t worry about them anymore.
Our engagement party is about to begin.
The guests are all waiting for us.
”
Bennett thought for a while.
Then, he nodded and said, “Okay.
”
He didn’t insist on going to Matthew.
But he said to her, “Please don’t forget to tell Lindsay that Stella has choked on water and is resting in the lounge behind the banquet hall now.
Please ask Matthew to go there quickly.
”
Joann nodded repeatedly.
“Okay, I’ll let them know.
”
Since Bennett didn’t suspect her, a glimmer of joy flashed through her eyes.
Judging from the current situation, Lindsay would soon succeed.
Stella would no longer spoil their good plans.
Meanwhile, Lindsay picked up a glass of wine from a waiter’s tray and handed it to Matthew.
Without thinking much, he accepted the glass and took a sip.
His eyes scanned the surroundings.
When he didn’t see Stella, he frowned slightly, feeling a little worried.
‘s BunnyBookery
Lindsay looked at the wine glass in Matthew’s hand.
Her eyes darkened.
She made eye contact with the waiter and instantly returned to normal as if nothing had happened.
She deliberately looked at the people dancing on the dance floor enviously, turned to Matthew, and said sweetly, “Matthew, I just came back from abroad, and I don’t have many friends here except for Joann.
If Stella doesn’t like to dance, can you dance with me instead?”
After saying this, she looked at Matthew expectantly.
Matthew didn’t say anything.
He took out his phone and called Stella.
But to his dismay, she didn’t answer.
His frown deepened.
He put down the glass and was about to leave.
Success was within Lindsay’s reach.
So, how could she let Matthew leave?
She quickly grabbed his arm and pretended to be concerned.
“Matthew, you don’t look well.
Is something wrong with you? Is there any way I can help?”
Lindsay felt Matthew’s body temperature, and she couldn’t help feelin
###chapter1953
At this moment, Matthew could already feel his body temperature rising.
He was confused.
This obviously didn’t feel right.
After being in the business world for so many years, he was already familiar with dirty tricks.
He immediately realized that he should have been drugged.
His face slowly darkened.
A gleam shone in Lindsay’s eyes.
She held Matthew’s hand and said in a cute voice that men liked, “Matthew, you are sweating a lot.
Do you feel uncomfortable somewhere? Do you need to rest? I’ll help you to the lounge.
”
A flicker of joy flashed through Lindsay’s eyes.
With Stella gone, Matthew had no choice but to turn to her.
If she could just get Matthew to spend the night, it might spell the end for him and Stella.
This was her opportunity.
However, Matthew abruptly pushed her away.
“I’m going to Stella,” he stated and hurried off.
A surge of jealousy and rage swept through Lindsay, but she quickly composed herself.
“Let me take you to Stella,” she insisted.
At the mention of Stella’s name, Matthew relented.
A smug smile crept onto Lindsay’s lips as they ascended the stairs together.
She tightened her grip on him, almost sniggering at her cunning.
Just as she was about to open the door, Felix unexpectedly appeared.
Upon seeing Lindsay, Felix’s eyes lit up.
“Lindsay! I’ve been Looking for you all night.
There you are.
”
Lindsay’s plan was interrupted, leaving her annoyed.
She suppressed her irritation and said patiently, “Felix, it’s been a while.
I’m busy right now, maybe another time…”
She guided Matthew forward, hoping to distance herself from the persistent Felix.
Ignoring her words, Felix seized her arm excitedly.
“It’s been years.
You look even more beautiful.
Let’s catch up.
”
Lindsay’s annoyance grew, but Felix seemed oblivious to her discomfort.
She patiently explained, “Felix, I really have urgent matters to attend to.
Let’s talk later.
”
It was only then that Felix noticed Matthew’s presence.
He squinted suspiciously and moved to help support him, maintaining a careful distance between Lindsay and Matthew.
“Is this Matthew? What happened to him?” Felix inquired, his tone unfriendly.
Lindsay was irritated by Felix’s interference but restrained herself.
“Matthew isn’t feeling well.
I’ll help him rest,” she replied evenly.
Felix ed, “You two shouldn’t be alone.
Let the staff handle him.
”
Concerned that Felix might indeed leave Matthew to the staff, Lindsay quickly intervened, reaching out.
“No, we’re at the door, just two steps away.
I’ll take him inside.
”
She felt tense.
“Besides, Matthew is someone of importance.
It wouldn’t look good if he’s seen like this.
Please, let me handle it.
”
###chapter1954
As she moved to guide Matthew, Felix insisted, “He’s heavy.
Let me help you.
”
Glancing around, Felix focused on the nearby room and asked, “Is this the Lounge for him?”
He reached for the door, prompting Lindsay to step forward to stop him.
Just then, the door of the adjacent room swung open, and Stella emerged.
Though still feeling a bit uncomfortable from choking on water earlier, she was more composed now.
Spotting Matthew’s condition, Stella furrowed her brow and demanded, “What’s going on here?”
Her gaze then shifted to Lindsay, suspicion evident.
Lindsay’s heart raced as panic flickered across her face.
Trying to appear composed, she explained, “Matthew is feeling slightly off.
I was just helping him to get to you…”
Stella fixed Lindsay with a silent stare, her expression unreadable.
Meanwhile, Felix, oblivious to the tension, said, “You must be Matthew’s wife.
I’ll leave him to you.
”
Handing Matthew over to Stella, he pulled Lindsay away forcefully, flashing a smile.
“Come with me.
I have something for you,” Felix insisted, gripping Lindsay’s hand tightly.
Lindsay attempted to wriggle free, puzzled by the strength of his hold, but his fingers were clamped tightly around her.
Just as she turned her head, Lindsay witnessed Matthew passionately ki*s Stella.
The ki*s was intense and brimming with love and desire— something Lindsay had never seen from Matthew before.
He held Stella close, showering her with affection, before they disappeared into the room, closing the door behind them.
At that moment, Lindsay’s hopes were dashed.
She hated Felix even more.
Damn it! It could have been her that Matthew was ki*sing.
The banquet hall was still very lively until this time.
When one song ended, a waiter pushed a food cart in with a few layers of cake on it.
Joann looked around.
Still, she didn’t see any signs of Lindsay, Matthew, and Stella.
She secretly sniggered.
Everything was ready.
There was only one step left.
After slicing the cake, she turned to Bennett, pretending to be regretful.
“It’s strange.
Why haven’t Stella and Matthew come yet? I want to personally apologize to them about what happened earlier.
”
Bennett thought for a while and said, “Maybe Matthew is with Stella at the moment.
After all, she has choked on water and needs rest.
”
At this time, someone in the crowd immediately said, “I remember seeing Mr.
Clark go upstairs with a woman just now.
He didn’t Look good.
”
When the other guests heard this, they all began to imagine what might happen.
An adult man and woman were alone together and even went upstairs.
###chapter1955
What else could they possibly do?
While listening to the crowd’s discussion, an undisguised smugness filled Joann’s eyes.
But she still pretended to be worried.
“Does Matthew feel unwell? We need to check on him, then.
We have to make sure nothing happens to him.
”
Bennett’s expression became solemn.
He was obviously worried.
“Bennett, why are you still standing there? We must do something.
If something happens to Matthew at our engagement party, we can’t explain it to the Clark family.
”
Joann deliberately put on an anxious look.
Then, she hurriedly pulled Bennett upstairs.
Bennett didn’t dare to delay, so he let her pull him.
The others also followed them.
Rumors gradually spread in the crowd, and they became more and more ridiculous.
“Is Matthew cheating on Stella? But he should at least consider the occasion.
This is the engagement party of the Lowell family.
If it’s really the case, he is being too inconsiderate.
”
“Maybe that’s really the case.
Last time, Matthew was caught on camera intimate with a young woman.
Stella probably keeps a tight leash on him after that, so he can only sneak off to meet his mistress during events like this.
”
“Yes, that’s right! The young woman involved in the scandal has also come here.
Something is really going to happen.
This must be fun.
”
The discussion among the crowd became more and more obvious.
This made Joann snicker with satisfaction.
When she saw that the number of onlookers had increased, she secretly smiled.
The group of people, led by the person who saw Matthew, stopped at the door of the room where Matthew entered just now.
The person pointed at the door and said, “This is the room where I saw Mr.
Clark and that woman.
”
But no one dared to knock on the door.
Finally, Bennett stepped forward, knocked on the door, and asked politely, “Mr.
Clark, are you in there?”
There was no movement inside.
Joann felt that if they delayed any longer, Matthew would have more time to prepare.
She thought for a while and came up with an idea.
She pretended to lose her balance, stumbled, and bumped into Bennett.
Bennett hit the door, and it was suddenly slammed open.
Then, she put on a surprised look and said, “I’m sorry.
I didn’t mean to…”
The gloating smile on her face froze when she saw the situation in the room.
Matthew sat on the edge of the bed.
His face was a bit pale, but he didn’t look disheveled as Joann anticipated.
The scene was not as disgraceful as Joann thought.
What surprised Joann the most was that Stella stood by his side, taking care of him.
###chapter1956
The expression on Joann’s face drastically changed.
Everything was different from what she had imagined.
She asked in shock, “Stella? Why are you here?”
Joann almost asked where Lindsay was.
Fortunately, her last bit of sense made her suddenly shut up.
Stella looked at Joann’s almost twisted face coldly and said, “Why am I here? Of course, my husband is here.
If I’m not here, where should I be? Or are you expecting to see someone else here?”
The expression on Joann’s face changed upon hearing Stella’s last question.
She was rendered speechless.
Bennett glanced at Joann.
Then, he turned to Stella and said apologetically, “It’s our fault.
We heard Matthew was not feeling well, so we came here to check on him.
If he really feels unwell, I’ll have someone take you to the hospital first.
”
He could tell at a glance that Matthew was drugged.
At the thought of this, his face darkened slightly.
“I’m sorry for causing you trouble one after another at my party.
I’ll ask someone to investigate this matter and give you an explanation.
”
Stella also wanted to solve this matter once and for all.
She didn’t want any more delays, so she nodded slightly, Looked at Joann coldly, and said, “Thank you, Mr.
Lowell.
It is really necessary to investigate this thoroughly.
”
Of course, Joann knew that Stella’s words were directed at her.
At the thought that her plan had failed again, she gritted her teeth secretly.
She hated Stella to the core.
After scheming so much and stirring up trouble for Stella, she kept failing.
However, she was still unwilling to give up.
Joann said deliberately, “Mrs.
Clark is right.
This matter has to be investigated.
Since someone wants to ruin my engagement party and steal the limelight, I won’t just stand by.
To prove my innocence, let’s start the investigation with me.
”
Her lounge was two rooms away.
She went there, took her bag over, and emptied its contents in front of them.
Bennett watched her disapprovingly and frowned.
“What are you doing?”
“I’m proving my innocence.
Didn’t Mrs.
Clark ask us to investigate this matter thoroughly?” Joann replied.
Bennett didn’t like it.
Their guests were all respectable and influential people.
This approach would undoubtedly offend everyone.
His gaze swept over the crowd.
Sure enough, many of them already looked disgusted.
However, Joann was not the type of person who listened to advice.
After emptying her bag, she also picked up Stella’s bag and emptied its contents.
Inside Stella’s bag was a small medicine bottle.
Joann immediately picked it up, looked at it with narrowed eyes, and asked, “Mrs.
Clark, what’s this? Are you not feeling well? Why would you bring a medicine bottle to a party? Why doesn’t it have a label? What kind of medicine is this?”
Someone with sharp eyes suddenly said, “Mrs.
Clark and Miss Crawford had a conflict just now.
Did Mrs.
Clark want to take revenge on Miss Crawford?”
“No way! Mrs.
Clark won’t be so petty.
Will she sacrifice her husband’s reputation just to take revenge on others? That is too cruel.
”
Joann heard the crowd’s discussion clearly.
Deep in her heart, she was overjoyed.
But on the surface, she pretended to be aggrieved.
“Mrs.
Clark, even if you are dissatisfied with what happened before the party, I have already changed my dress.
Why do you still hold a grudge against me?”
###chapter1957
When Matthew heard this, his brows furrowed tightly.
He knew that Joann was only pretending to be aggrieved.
He said coldly, “Stella is my wife.
How is it possible that she’ll hurt me? Miss Crawford, if you continue taking this against my wife, I’ll take the medicine bottle to the police so they can check the fingerprints on it.
”
Joann’s heart skipped a beat.
She was nervous because Stella had never touched the bottle.
Of course, the police wouldn’t find Stella’s fingerprints on it.
But she still bit the bullet.
“Mr.
Clark, your wife is so vicious that she can do anything.
Do you still want to defend her in front of so many people?”
Then, an idea occurred to her.
“Stella might have wiped her fingerprints off the bottle.
How could she be so stupid to wait for someone to check them?”
At this moment, Nikolai sneered, “And do you think Stella is so stupid to put the evidence in her bag?”
Nikolai’s comments resonated with many, yet Joann refused to concede any error in front of the gathered crowd.
She countered, “Could it be she was too overwhelmed by the large crowd and lack of time?”
Joann’s ploys were transparent, often unmasked by those who took a moment to reflect.
Nikolai, although initially inclined to save the Lowell family from further disgrace, found Joann’s behavior intolerable.
With a scoff, he accused, “Miss Crawford, it seems you’ve been steering us all toward confusion.
Wasn’t it you who directed us to search for Matthew and then proposed inspecting everyone’s bag, eventually discovering this vial in Stella’s bag? How serendipitous.
Is this not your doing?”
By the time Nikolai concluded, Joann’s anxiety was palpable, her palms glistening with perspiration.
He pressed on without mercy, “Considering the theatrics you orchestrated, and seeing your reaction to Stella earlier, who exactly did you wish to be seen with Matthew?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Joann, though agitated, realized any admission would disgrace her before the onlookers and make her Matthew’s enemy.
She retorted defensively, “Your allegiance to Stella is clear, aiding her case.
I have my suspicions and acted on them.
On what grounds do you question my motives?”
Just then, a man who had just entered the crowd interjected, bewildered, “What’s going on here? Everyone’s missing downstairs.
Shouldn’t we be slicing the cake? What are all of you doing up here?”
This was Felix, confused, accompanied by Lindsay.
Joann, taken aback, questioned, “What brings you two together?”
Instead of Matthew, why was Lindsay with Felix?
Unaware of the strained atmosphere, Felix explained without guile, “I saw Lindsay assisting Matthew up the stairs.
Thinking it best not to disturb his rest, I led her away.
What’s the situation here? Why has everyone gathered?”
Unlike Felix, Lindsay perceived the tension reflected in the guests‘ expressions and realized what had transpired unfortunately, Felix remained blissfully unaware of the underlying tensions.
Lindsay wished for Felix to remain silent, yet the suspicious gazes of everyone around had already fixed on her.
Murmurs rippled through the crowd, adding to her agitation.
Felix’s comments nearly pushed Joann to the brink of frustration.
At that moment, she felt utterly bewildered, standing helplessly amidst the gathering.
Matthew surveyed the room, his gaze shifting from the various faces to Lindsay with a cold expression, and finally settling on Bennett.
He declared, “This occurred during the Lowell family’s engagement celebration, Take this bottle for testing.
I expect the results today.
”
Bennett gave a slight nod in acknowledgment and responded, “I will have it looked into immediately.
”
###chapter1958
Upon hearing this, Joann’s shoulders twitched slightly-a subtle sign of her nervousness that Bennett did not miss.
With a stern look at Joann, he addressed everyone in a subdued tone.
“Rest assured, I will provide an explanation to everyone here.
My judgment will be unbiased.
”
At these words, Joann felt a chill run down her spine.
For the moment, Matthew appeared content.
He made no further demands, preserving the Lowell family’s dignity with a simple, “That’s all.
”
Following this, Nikolai, Stella, and Matthew exited together.
Before she left, Stella paused, facing Joann momentarily before addressing Bennett.
“Mr.
Lowell, as you proceed with this inquiry, I trust you will furnish a thorough explanation, not least for why I ended up in the water earlier today.
”
As Stella, Matthew, and Nikolai exited, a palpable chill settled over the room.
It was clear to everyone that Joann was central to the day’s chaos.
The crowd’s gazes bored into her, loaded with silent judgments.
Standing under their watchful eyes, especially Bennett’s cold gaze, Joann felt her strength wane.
Without holding onto her last bit of strength, she might have collapsed.
Murmurs swirled around her.
“Do you think Miss Crawford is responsible for this?”
“Perhaps it involves her close friend who grew too close to Mr.
Clark, despite his marriage.
Who knows what she intended? “And what led them to act this way?”
Overwhelmed by the speculation, Joann snapped, “Enough! Stop spewing nonsense!”
Felix, finally catching the rising tension, realized the gravity of the situation.
He addressed the onlookers with a stern look.
“Enough viewing.
There’s nothing to see here.
Please, disperse.
”
Joann’s reactions only seemed to confirm the crowd’s suspicions.
They remained silent out of respect for Bennett, but their disdainful looks toward Joann spoke volumes.
Once the room had cleared and Joann faced Bennett’s icy stare, her nerves got the better of her.
In a voice filled with distress, she implored, “Please, don’t be angry.
I’m at a loss myself about how things ended up this way.
”
Bennett’s gaze was so piercing and unyielding that Joann found herself unable to continue speaking.
As his frustration grew, Bennett spoke with icy finality.
“There’s no need for explanations.
I will thoroughly investigate tonight’s incidents.
If it turns out you’re implicated, consider our engagement over.
The Lowell and Crawford families will then sever all ties.
”
With that, Bennett turned and left without another word.
Tears welled up in Joann’s eyes, and she nearly collapsed, saved only by Felix’s timely support.
###chapter1959
Lindsay, who had observed everything, remained stoic.
She pondered her next moves to distance herself from Joann, already planning for the aftermath.
At this moment, Joann was at a loss, seeing Lindsay as her sole beacon of hope.
In a rush, she seized Lindsay’s hand, pleading, “What should I do now?”
Tears of anxiety followed as she implored, “You must help me.
I’ve done all these for you.
”
Lindsay, visibly annoyed by the tears, questioned her decision to trust Joann, whom she viewed as foolish and untrustworthy.
Joann poorly managed even minor issues, and now seemed to be shifting the blame to Lindsay.
Lindsay wondered if Joann tried to make her take the fall for her.
Noticing Joann’s erratic state, Lindsay knew this was not the time for them to part ways.
With a calming grip, Lindsay whispered meaningfully, “What are you talking about? You’ve never directly handled these actions, have you? If others did the work, how is it your responsibility?”
This was also a defense for Lindsay herself, as suspicions had arisen that she was in league with Joann.
Joann’s anxiety eased upon hearing Lindsay’s words.
She reflected on the events: from start to finish, she had delegated the tasks.
Surveillance footage wouldn’t tie her directly to any misdeeds.
Reassured, she murmured, “You’re right.
I wasn’t involved directly.
It has nothing to do with me…”
This realization brought her a semblance of peace.
Meanwhile, Felix, overhearing their conversation, was utterly baffled.
“What are you talking about? What happened?” he interjected, lost in the conversation.
Joann, realizing the implications were distant from her, regained her assertive demeanor.
She turned to Felix with a scowl.
“Why did you pull Lindsay away at such a crucial time? You’re not helping!”
Felix’s expression grew stormy as he challenged, “What was that? Repeat what you said.
”
With a dismissive tone, Joann retorted, “I called you stupid-so what? Amidst all these people, you were the one who failed to grasp the situation.
Do you intend to sabotage my engagement?”
Felix, clenching his teeth in frustration, shot back, “Your foolishness alone is enough to ruin things.
Don’t project your anger onto me.
It’s unfortunate for Bennett to be tied to someone like you.
”
Joann’s anger flared, her eyes blazing as she spat out, “Felix, you’re despicable!”
As tensions escalated between the siblings, Lindsay could only feel irritation.
###chapter1960
She viewed them both as irksome.
Massaging her temples, she told Joann, “I need to leave.
I’m not feeling well.
”
Joann, misinterpreting Lindsay’s distress as disappointment from the failed scheme, whispered reassuringly, “I know today was my fault.
I’ll make it right.
”
Acknowledging her, Lindsay quickly said her farewells and rushed off.
Her mind was troubled as she headed to the hospital, determined to discern whether Matthew harbored any suspicions toward her.
Meanwhile, in the hospital, Matthew, having just received medication that eased his condition, recalled Stella’s earlier words.
He looked puzzled and inquired, “You mentioned falling into the water at the Lowell’s.
What exactly happened?”
Nikolai observed a change in Stella’s attire and asked with evident concern, “I couldn’t help but notice your absence from the celebration in the banquet hall earlier.
Stella, what happened?”
Stella’s face was etched with gravity as she recounted, “I found myself crossing paths with Bennett in the garden.
We had a brief conversation, and as I walked away, a chilling premonition of being followed overwhelmed me.
Just as I spun around to confront this feeling, I was suddenly thrust forward, losing my balance and tumbling into the cool embrace of the swimming pool.
Hearing my cries, Bennett rushed back and escorted me to change my clothes.
”
With a touch of sarcasm, Nikolai commented, “What was meant to be a grand engagement celebration has been marred by unfortunate incidents, one after another.
It seems even the heavens are discontent, attempting to disrupt Bennett’s union with Joann.
”
Matthew, whose silence spoke volumes, scrutinized Stella with a discerning eye, his expression softening only after confirming she was unharmed.
Breaking the silence, he inquired, “You’ve had limited interaction with Bennett.
What exactly was discussed during your encounter?”
Stella hesitated, her mind wrestling with the complexities of the truth, for the encounter had layers not easily explained.
She gave a casual response.
“It appears he had made a mistake, thinking I might be his relative.
”
Matthew’s brow creased in thought.
Nikolai, with a note of surprise, interjected, “Relatives within the Lowell lineage?” After a brief pause, clarity seemed to strike him, and he added, “I remember now, Bennett had an uncle, a master of the arts, famed for his talents.
Unfortunately, he and his wife, as well as their child, became casualties in the relentless conflicts faced by the Lowell family.
”
Stella’s eyes widened in shock.
“Is such a somber story really part of the Lowell history?”
Nikolai nodded solemnly.
“It was a matter of great public scrutiny in Bysea.
Bennett’s uncle chose a life of seclusion, rarely stepping into the public eye.
Rumor has it he married a designer, and they welcomed a daughter.
Tragically, their peace was shattered when calamity struck, claiming their lives.
”
With a heavy sigh, Nikolai continued, “This episode cast a long shadow over the Lowell family, prompting them to relocate abroad and gradually fade from the public spotlight.
”
As Nikolai spoke, each word seemed to bear the weight of the tragedy years ago, stirring an inexplicable ache in Stella’s heart.
Turning his gaze toward Stella, Nikolai added, “If my memory serves correctly, his uncle’s daughter would be your age now, assuming she’s still among the living.
I suspect Bennett may mistakenly think you were that child.
”
Stella now understood the complexity hidden within Bennett’s gaze whenever their paths crossed.
She sighed, reflecting on the cruel turns of fate.
“Were those responsible for the tragedy ever brought to justice?” she asked.
Nikolai shook his head, the sorrow evident in his eyes.
“The matter was quickly silenced.
Only a select few, along with the Lowell family, know the full extent of what happened, but their anguish is undeniable.
”
Nikolai sighed once again, his thoughts heavy.
###chapter1961
“Enough of that,” Matthew intervened, his voice low and resolute.
“Let’s not dwell on the personal affairs of others.
You mentioned earlier that you had other commitments, didn’t you? It’s time you were on your way.
”
“Did I?” Confused, Nikolai met Matthew’s steady gaze and nodded in acknowledgment.
“You’re right.
I’ll take my leave now.
”
Stella expressed her gratitude to Nikolai for his earlier intervention.
“Thank you for standing up for me today.
”
Nikolai waved it off casually.
“It was nothing.
Besides, I couldn’t just stand by while Bennett’s fiancée twisted the truth.
”
With their farewells said, Nikolai departed, leaving the room a little quieter.
Stella’s mind lingered on Nikolai’s revelations.
After a moment of deep reflection, she regained her composure and turned to Matthew with a curious tilt of her head.
“By the way, why were you drugged?”
Matthew sat in silence, reflecting on the events at the party.
He had received his glass of wine from Lindsay, who took it from a waiter’s tray.
Everything had unfolded under his supervision, suggesting that nothing untoward should have occurred.
Yet, he suddenly felt unwell after drinking the wine.
Before he encountered Stella, Lindsay had insisted on taking him upstairs, sparking suspicion in his mind about the coincidence of it all.
As he pondered, Lindsay entered, carrying a basket of fruits.
“Matthew, are you okay?” she asked.
“Why are you here?” Matthew responded, his tone icy.
Lindsay set the basket down and began to explain, “I’m concerned about you.
I don’t know how things have ended up like this.
I saw you were unwell at the party and intended to take you to the lounge before I looked for Stella, but then-“
Her voice trailed off as she sighed.
Then, she continued, “I didn’t expect that Joann and Stella would end up misunderstanding each other so severely after I left.
”
Stella, who had previously been swayed by Lindsay’s seemingly genuine demeanor, now doubted her sincerity following the engagement party.
Despite her reservations, she chose not to complicate matters for the sake of Lucia and Waldo.
“We’re aware of the situation.
There’s no need for you to visit the hospital specifically.
It’s late, and there’s nothing for you to do here.
You should return home and rest,” Stella advised indifferently.
However, Lindsay remained, her eyes filling with tears as she looked at Stella.
“Are you upset with me? I swear, I didn’t foresee any of this.
I was only trying to help Matthew because he seemed ill.
Can you find it in your heart to forgive us just this once?” she pleaded.
Stella, slightly annoyed yet masking her irritation, questioned, “What exactly are you asking us to forgive? Are you suggesting we should forgive Joann?”
Caught off guard by Stella’s blunt manner, Lindsay was momentarily speechless.
Stella continued sharply, “If you’re asking for forgiveness for Joann, on what grounds? We haven’t even concluded our investigation.
Are you certai
n this was all just a coincidence?”
Lindsay struggled to formulate a response, her voice faltering.
“I-“
Stella’s demeanor had shifted.
She no longer spoke with the gentleness Lindsay was accustomed to.
“We don’t meddle in your friendships, but the Clark family has nurtured you for years.
Considering today’s events nearly harmed Matthew, how can you expect us to simply overlook Joann’s role?”
Stella’s stern gaze silenced Lindsay, leaving her emotional and speechless.
Tears welled up in Lindsay’s eyes, hurt by Stella’s stern words, rendering her pitifully tearful.
Previously, Stella might have hesitated, but now her mind was consumed with images of Lindsay siding with Joann, deliberately pushing her to advocate for Joann with Nikolai.
Stella wondered if Lindsay’s delicate demeanor was merely a tactic to elicit sympathy and champion her own agenda.
With no mercy left to give, Stella was unwilling to engage any further.
“You can go back now.
Matthew needs to rest,” Stella said dismissively.
Lindsay, with a subdued nod, exited the room and quietly shut the door behind her.
As soon as she was alone, her demeanor transformed dramatically.
The tears vanished, replaced by a look of resolute anger and bitterness as she gritted her teeth.
Blaming Felix for the day’s chaos, she thought about the near success of her plan to sleep with Matthew.
“If things had gone as planned, how could Stella dare to be so insolent toward me?” she muttered under her breath.
Her fists tightened, her eyes flashing with resolve.
Lindsay was determined to dismantle the marriage that she believed should never have been.
Her plan was clear-she would oust Stella from the Clark family and reclaim all that she deemed rightfully hers.
###chapter1962
he next morning dawned clear and crisp as Bennett made his way to Prosper Bay, his visage marked by a weighty sense of guilt.
Addressing Stella, he said, “The investigation has borne fruit.
I’m here to furnish you both with a thorough briefing.
”
He Locked eyes with Stella, his voice heavy with regret.
“I’m deeply sorry, Mrs.
Clark.
Unfortunately, the surveillance footage from the swimming pool has been compromised.
On the day of the engagement, we had many temporary staff members, which makes it hard to determine who was near the pool.
”
Stella’s expression grew thoughtful.
“It seems whoever did this planned very carefully,” she noted.
Bennett nodded, feeling the weight of the situation.
“And the medicine bottle?” Stella asked.
Bennett’s face darkened.
“We found fingerprints on the bottle that belong only to Joann.
I never thought she would stoop to such deceit.
I’m ready to end our engagement, and I apologize for the distress this has caused.
”
Matthew remained calm, his gaze firm.
“It’s not your fault.
I only need the conclusion of the investigation.
As for the marriage, that’s your choice to make, not mine to discuss.
”
His tone was cold, leaving Bennett at a loss for words.
The room filled with tension.
Noticing Bennett’s discomfort, Stella intervened, pushing the fruit platter across the coffee table toward him.
“Please, Mr.
Lowell, help yourself to some fruit,” she offered kindly.
Bennett muttered a thank you but refrained from partaking.
After a moment of contemplation, he looked up at Matthew and said, “Actually, there’s another matter I wished to discuss with you today.
Our company has a promising project in the pipeline, and I believe a collaboration between our companies would be mutually beneficial.
”
Matthew’s face remained expressionless, his to
ne cool and detached.
“Today, my focus is on family matters.
I’d prefer we leave business discussions for another time.
”
He knew Bennett wasn’t to blame for the events at the engagement party, yet the memory of Stella’s near-drowning and the trap he had narrowly escaped made it impossible for him to show any warmth.
He kept his distance, his demeanor frostily detached.
Recognizing the clear boundary Matthew had drawn, Bennett, ever the astute businessman, opted not to push the matter further.
With a resigned sigh, he acknowledged, saying, “Sorry for the inconsideration.
I won’t press the issue today.
”
Not long after, citing urgent business at the office as his reason, Bennett excused himself, leaving the room charged with a palpable, unresolved tension.
As they watched Bennett depart, Stella and Matthew made their way back inside the house.
Matthew broke the silence, his tone laced with caution.
“Though we’ve been friends with the Lowell family for years, our paths seem to have diverged recently.
Keep your guard up around Bennett from now on.
”
Stella nodded, fully grasping his concerns.
Yet, as they walked, Stella found herself wrestling with a nagging question: why hadn’t she outright rejected Bennett’s presence?
Shortly after Bennett’s departure, Stella’s phone buzzed with a call from Alissa.
“Stella, are you free now? How about bringing Bella over for a meal?”
Stella hesitated before responding, “Let me check with Bella first.
I’ll get back to you.
”
###chapter1963
Alissa agreed graciously.
Ending the call, Stella quickly dialed Bella’s number.
Upon confirming Bella’s availability, she messaged Alissa and set out to pick Bella up.
Bella, who had recently undergone her second treatment, appeared visibly rejuvenated, her complexion glowing with improved health.
Upon her arrival, Stella found Kristian at home too.
Bella excused herself to change, leaving Stella and Kristian alone in the Living room.
The silence between them was palpable, the air thick with awkwardness.
Recalling the topic of Bella’s minor cosmetic procedures, Stella decided to break the ice, turning to Kristian with a question.
“By the way, I recall you mentioning that Bella underwent minor cosmetic procedures after the accident.
Would you happen to have any photographs of her before the treatment? I’d be quite interested to see the comparison.
”
For a moment, Kristian felt flustered.
Stella’s sudden desire to look at old photographs of Bella puzzled him.
Was she growing suspicious?
He collected himself and attempted casual indifference, explaining, “Years have passed, and your mother’s mental state has been delicate since the accident.
I worried that the old photos might bring back painful memories, so I disposed of them.
”
He watched Stella closely, gauging her reaction.
“What made you suddenly interested in those photographs?”
His eyes searched her face for any hidden motives.
Stella was taken aback by the admission that the photographs had been destroyed.
With a hint of sadness, she sighed deeply.
“I just wanted to see more of your younger days.
We’ve been separated for so many years, and my childhood memories of you and Mom are so vague.
I wish I could remember those times more clearly.
”
Kristian studied Stella carefully, seeing no dishonesty in her response.
His worry faded, replaced by a wave of relief.
He laughed softly, comforting her.
“Let’s leave the past in the past.
What’s important is our family’s happiness now.
You’re back to us, and we’re all here for you.
Focus on today, and let go of old shadows.
”
Though he seemed like a caring father, Stella felt an unsettling sense that something was off.
Unable to express her doubts, she simply nodded in agreement.
Bella had just changed her clothes and was making her way down the stairs when she noticed the father and daughter chatting.
With a warm smile, she asked, “What interesting things have you two been discussing?”
Kristian answered with a smooth dismissiveness, “Just reminiscing about old times-nothing important.
You should get going, though; don’t make Alissa wait.
”
Bella nodded and dropped the subject.
With a playful grin, Stella added, “I’m sure Alissa won’t mind if we’re a little late.
”
Despite Stella’s comment, Kristian quickly ushered them out the door, his smile fading to a grave look as soon as they left.
Arriving at Alissa’s place, Stella and Bella enjoyed a wonderful meal, their conversation weaving seamlessly through topics of work, design, and friendly jests.
As the meal progressed, Alissa felt a deep connection with Bella, as if they had known each other for years.
###chapter1964
After they finished eating, Alissa warmly invited Bella to see her studio, an invitation Bella eagerly accepted.
Stella, her fingers entwined with Bella’s, burst out enthusiastically, “You’re in for a treat! Alissa’s studio is overflowing with stunning embroidery pieces.
I only glimpsed a fraction of them on my last visit.
I had no idea I’d get to dive back in so soon.
”
Alissa responded with a warm smile, “I appreciate it, Stella.
You’re always welcome here to explore my studio whenever you desire.
”
Inside the studio, the trio was wrapped in laughter and spirited conversation.
Bella scanned the room, captivated by its compactness and elegant decor, which resonated perfectly with her taste.
Alissa proudly displayed each piece, saying, “These are the cherished graduation projects of my students, preserved here as a testament to their skills.
And this particular piece of embroidery… it has a special place in my heart.
It took the most time and thought, reflecting deep personal meaning.
”
As she tenderly stroked the delicately preserved embroidery, a nostalgic smile brightened her face.
Their exploration eventually brought them to a photograph that drew Stella’s attention.
It was the same photo she had seen before—a touching image of Alissa with her dear friend, slightly faded with time.
Alissa turned sharply, gauging Bella’s reaction.
When Bella saw the joyful faces in the photograph, she paused, overtaken by a rush of emotions that felt like needles stabbing her mind, bringing an overwhelming discomfort.
Stella immediately perceived a distress in Bella.
S
wiftly offering her support, she inquired with evident concern, “Are you alright?”
Her expression was one of worry, mingled with confusion.
Bella kept to herself, offering no reply.
Alissa, pleasantly surprised by Bella’s reaction, pondered over their recent interactions.
She had long harbored a suspicion that Bella might actually be her best friend who had vanished years ago.
In a bid to confirm her suspicions, she had intentionally brought Bella to the studio that day.
The revelation that unfolded was unexpectedly joyous.
Although eager to share her discovery, Alissa noticed Bella’s apparent unease and chose to contain her excitement.
She led Bella gently to a sofa and poured a glass of water, comforting her by saying, “Sit here for a moment.
Water might help.
”
Time passed, and Bella felt better.
She accepted the water gratefully with a “thank you” and after taking a sip, placed the glass down.
She then pointed to the photograph they had just viewed and questioned, “Is the person in this photo your friend?”
Alissa answered truthfully, “Yes, she’s my best friend.
She experienced a car accident just like you did, years ago.
No one has known whether she survived it…”
Throughout her narration, Alissa’s eyes remained fixed on Bella, searching for any flicker of recognition or change.
Yet, Bella’s expression stayed unexpectedly calm, devoid of any prior turmoil.
A wave of disappointment washed over Alissa as she looked away.
###chapter1965
Silence fell between them.
Suddenly, Bella seemed to be listening to distant conversations in her mind.
She paused, waiting for the voices to diminish.
When the whispers subsided, she approached the photograph again and asked, “Do you have any other pictures?”
With a note of regret in her voice, Alissa replied, “She’s not fond of taking photos.
This one was taken at our graduation.
”
As Alissa spoke, fleeting memories began to stir in Bella’s mind, bringing on a headache that was more intense than before.
She attempted to hold onto those memories, but they evaded her, barely touching the surface of Alissa’s words.
Taking a deep breath, Bella excused herself.
“I’m sorry.
I’m feeling unwell.
I need to go back now.
Let’s schedule another time to meet.
”
Alissa was visibly taken aback.
She had hoped Bella would linger a bit longer, perhaps triggering some recollection.
Yet, seeing her discomfort and knowing she was still under medical care, Alissa chose not to push her.
Instead, she prioritized Bella’s comfort over her own curiosity.
Moreover, Alissa had no concrete evidence to confirm that Bella was indeed the friend she cherished; it was all speculative.
Alissa knew she mustn’t rush to conclusions.
Resignedly, she suggested, “Then we’ll set up another meeting soon.
”
The trio exited the studio.
As the doo
r shut behind them, Bella cast a lingering glance back at it, and then slowly diverted her gaze.
She struggled to define the emotions swirling within her, akin to a deep sense of attachment.
After parting ways with Alissa, Stella accompanied Bella on her way home.
Noticing Bella’s continued pallor, Stella expressed her concern.
“How about I take you to the hospital?”
Bella shook her head, assuring her, “It’s okay.
I’m feeling much better now.
I think I’ll be fully recovered soon.
”
Seeing Bella’s determination, Stella chose not to press further.
Bella closed her eyes, her mind adrift in thought.
She was pondering the photograph from Alissa’s studio.
It seemed she had encountered the girl in the photograph before, somewhere in her scattered memories.
That night, Bella was at home, rummaging through the cabinets and drawers.
This was what Kristian found when he got home.
He suddenly remembered Stella asking about the photos earlier.
At the thought of this, he became wary.
But he pretended to be calm.
He walked up to her and asked, “What are you looking for? Do you need help?”
Bella subconsciously didn’t want to tell Kristian the truth.
She only said, “Nothing.
I suddenly remembered the projects that my studio had done before.
I’m trying to find them to show them to Stella.
”
Kristian breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing this.
Then, he reminded her, “Have you forgotten? Most of the documents are still in Dorburn.
You didn’t bring them back with you.
”
###chapter1966
Bella’s hands stopped moving.
She suddenly realized she was too anxious.
But she didn’t want Kristian to notice anything unusual, so she stood up, smiled, and said, “Indeed, my memory is getting worse recently.
But it’s okay.
I can discuss a date with Stella and take her back to Dorburn.
By then, we can also go through the property transfer procedures.
”
Kristian didn’t show any expression on his face.
But deep in his heart, he was already nervous.
“Why are you in such a hurry to transfer your property? You are still so young.
Enjoy life first.
There is no need to handle your property in advance.
” Kristian tried to persuade Bella.
“Although Stella is our daughter, she just came back to us recently.
We don’t know her that much yet.
Our relationship with her—”
But before he could finish his words, Bella interrupted him angrily, “What do you mean by that?”
Bella frowned, not giving him a chance to explain at all.
“Before, you suggested that I transfer all the assets to Elizabeth as soon as possible.
Why did you suddenly change your attitude when it came to Stella? Stella grew up without us by her side.
Shouldn’t we make it up to her?”
Kristian hastily explained, “No, no, no.
That’s not what I mean.
What I want to say is we didn’t raise Stella.
I’m just being cautious.
What if her attitude toward you changes after you give all your assets to her?”
His words only angered Bella.
“So, you’re saying that the one we raised is trustworthy? Yes, Elizabeth grew up by our side.
But what did she do? She tried to kill me.
Stella, on the contrary, had been worried about my health even before she found out about our relationship.
Isn’t that enough to prove that you are wrong?”
What Elizabeth did had always been a thorn in Bella’s heart.
Every time she thought of it, she felt sad.
It hurt her that the daughter she had trusted and doted on for so many years had a vicious heart.
This also made her feel that Stella’s kindness was rare.
“I’m not blind.
I can see who truly cares for me.
No matter what the reason is, I’m willing to give everything I have to Stella.
I don’t understand why you are trying to stop me.
”
Kristian could tell that Bella was really angry.
So, his attitude softened.
“Calm down… You’ve misunderstood me.
I’m just worried about you.
”
Bella pursed her lips.
Then, she said, “Don’t waste your time persuading me.
I have already made up my mind.
”
Kristian was furious because of her stubbornness.
But, of course, he didn’t dare to show it on his face.
Instead, he hugged her and said, “Okay.
I know what you are thinking.
It’s my fault.
I shouldn’t have been so suspicious.
Stella is indeed a good girl.
Besides, those assets are yours.
It’s all up to you.
”
Bella struggled to break free from his e
mbrace, but she failed.
Kristian compromised.
“Well, since you have already decided, make an appointment with Stella.
I’ll make arrangements for you when you go back.
”
Bella’s expression softened upon hearing this.
Although Kristian’s tone was very calm when he spoke, a hint of malice flashed across his eyes.
He thought maybe it was time to take some action.
As long as Bella and Stella were killed on their way to Dorburn, Bella’s property would naturally belong to him as her husband.
And if they died in Dorburn, Matthew would not be able to find out anything.
In the Clark family home…
Stella and Matthew had been summoned for a family dinner, with Lindsay also present.
“Stella, Matthew, welcome back,” Lucia greeted them warmly, inviting them to sit at the dining table.
Soon, they were exchanging updates about their daily routines.
###chapter1967
Sensing a tense undercurrent, Lucia sighed and addressed the room.
“I called you here today because I need to discuss something important.
We’re a family and should strive to maintain a harmonious atmosphere.
”
Her gaze briefly met Lindsay’s before turning back to Stella and Matthew.
With genuine concern, she said, “Lindsay has spent the last few years abroad.
She’s still young and might have unintentionally caused some disturbances.
Please, if she’s wronged you, forgive her.
”
Stella, initially puzzled by the sudden summons, now understood it was Lindsay who had asked Lucia to help smooth things over.
However, she was unaware of what Lindsay might have said to Lucia.
Wanting to ease Lucia’s worries, Stella responded with grace, “Don’t fret.
We won’t hold it against her.
Everything will be fine.
”
Lucia’s face lit up with relief.
“Stella, I’m so glad to hear you can forgive her.
”
Waldo turned the conversation to Matthew.
“I heard about the broken engagement between the Lowell and Crawford families.
You two were at the party; what happened?”
Matthew brushed it off.
“It’s not important.
Bennett will manage it.
”
Noting Matthew’s reluctance to elaborate, Waldo chose not to press further.
As they conversed, the butler approached and announced, “Sir, Mrs.
Crawford and her daughter have arrived.
”
Lucia and Waldo exchanged puzzled Looks.
Lucia muttered, “Mrs.
Crawford and her daughter? What brings them here?”
While the Clarks had longstanding ties with the Lowell family, they were scarcely acquainted with the Crawfords.
Lucia was baffled by their unexpected visit.
Matthew and Stella exchanged a knowing glance, realizing the Crawfords had seized the opportunity to meet them while the soft- hearted Lucia and Waldo were present.
But how had the Crawford family learned they were at the Clark family home?
Stella and Matthew simultaneously turned their gazes toward Lindsay, who appeared just as baffled.
Although Waldo was unsure of the Crawford family’s reasons for visiting, he opted for courtesy over confrontation.
He instructed the butler, “Please, let them in.
”
The butler nodded, turned, and exited.
Soon after, Joann and her mother, Molly Crawford, entered.
Joann had hesitated, but under her mother’s insistence, she gathered her courage and stepped into the room.
The engagement party debacle had prompted the Lowell family to consider calling off the engagement.
However, Joann was not ready to forfeit her chance to marry into the Lowell family.
Her mother had assured her that mending ties with the Clark family and Stella could sway Bennett to forgive her.
###chapter1968
Thus, Joann found herself needing to seek Stella’s forgiveness to salvage her marriage prospects.
Waldo directed the butler, “Bring two chairs for Mrs.
Crawford and Miss Crawford.
”
“Thank you, Mr.
Clark,” Molly said with a polite smile.
“I’ve brought my daughter here to apologize for her thoughtless actions.
I’m too ashamed to sit, so I’ll stand.
”
She then whispered to Joann, “Say something.
”
Lips quivering, and with her engagement in jeopardy, Joann sincerely apologized, “I acted rashly that day, leading to a confrontation with Stella.
I am truly sorry.
”
Stella sensed Joann’s reluctance to apologize.
Had Joann been genuinely self-reflective, the unfortunate events of that day might have been avoided.
Unwilling to forgive so easily, Stella remained silent.
Molly, noting Stella’s lack of response, felt a surge of dissatisfaction.
Despite this, she recognized the necessity of humility in their plea.
She gently urged Joann, “Mrs.
Clark isn’t inclined to forgive you.
Kneel down now!”
Joann’s face was full of unwillingness.
Stella swiftly intervened as Molly poised to act.
“No, Mrs.
Crawford, it’s not necessary.
I can’t bear to see Miss Crawford humiliated.
”
Stella couldn’t help but admire Molly’s strategy.
If Joann was forced to kneel and apologize today, wouldn’t Stella become an irredeemable villain?
“There were some disagreements between Joann and me at the engagement party, but they were just misunderstandings.
Besides, Joann apologized to me that day.
I’m curious what you two are discussing today,” Stella replied calmly.
“A lot
happened that day.
”
Lucia, unaware of the details, sided with Stella.
She said to Joann, “You and Stella are both young.
Kneeling isn’t necessary.
Talking it out is better.
Stella is reasonable.
If you explain the misunderstanding, everything will be fine.
”
Joann was at a loss for words.
She knew Bennett hadn’t identified Matthew’s drugging culprit or the person who pushed Stella into the water; he merely suspected her.
Joann aimed to smooth things over without mentioning the specific matter.
After earning Stella’s forgiveness, she planned to appeal to Bennett.
However, Stella’s pointed remarks left Joann with no choice but to clarify matters.
Joann could only stammer, “It’s… It’s about Nikolai’s evening dress.
”
With a gentle smile, Stella replied, “Hasn’t that matter been resolved already? And if you want to apologize, Nikolai would be the one you should approach, not me.
”
Joann bit her lip, her fists clenched in frustration.
Stella said, “There’s nothing more to discuss about that issue.
As for the other incidents… From what I understand, the Lowell family hasn’t identified the culprits yet, but you insist on apologizing and even considered kneeling.
You’re not here to confess your crime, are you?”
Stella’s words were pointed, leaving Joann feeling embarrassed and defensive.
###chapter1969
Joann’s temper flared.
“Stella!” Her voice turned sharp.
“Don’t act innocent! If it weren’t for you, my engagement party wouldn’t have been ruined! How dare you accuse me!”
Stella’s expression darkened; she found the situation both ridiculous and unreasonable.
“Given the circumstances, you continue to blame others,” she retorted evenly.
“You should be well aware of your own actions.
”
Waldo, too, looked displeased.
His face stern, he interjected, “If you are here to blame my granddaughter-in-law, please leave.
”
Everyone present understood Stella’s character well, and the fact that the Crawford family had managed to provoke her indicated the gravity of their behavior.
As the tension escalated, Molly attempted to intervene, saying to Stella, “Please don’t be upset, Mrs.
Clark.
Joann’s directness stemmed from her dedication to the Lowell family’s engagement.
Her mood is understandably affected by the outcome.
”
Stella remained unmoved, stating curtly, “The Lowell family has decided to call off the engagement with Joann.
It’s beyond our control.
Her mood is her own concern.
If there’s nothing else, please refrain from disturbing our family dinner.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Molly had always heard that the Clark elders were accommodating, assuming Stella wouldn’t speak harshly in front of her elders, so she brought Joann along now.
Unexpectedly, Stella proved to be articulate.
Despite their preparations, Stella effortlessly thwarted their plans.
She hadn’t anticipated that Waldo and Lucia would rally behind Stella in such a manner.
Molly’s face darkened.
It was clear this dispute wouldn’t end easily today.
She frowned and discreetly signaled Joann.
Meanwhile, Lindsay attempted to fade into the background, minimizing her presence.
Today, she praised Lucia extensively, hoping to improve her standing in Matthew’s eyes.
However, Molly’s unexpected arrival with Joann threw a wrench into her plans.
She prayed silently that Joann wouldn’t mention her.
But the more she hoped to avoid it, the more inevitable it became.
ALL of a sudden, Joann turned to Lindsay and said, “Lindsay, come help me.
Don’t you think Stella has crossed a line?”
Lindsay was acutely aware of Stella’s significant influence over Waldo and Lucia.
If they discovered her collaboration with Joann, who knew how they would perceive her?
Lindsay felt like Joann was driving her insane.
Joann’s reckless actions were dragging Lindsay into trouble.
Everyone’s attention was shifted to Lindsay.
Feeling the weight of every gaze, a storm brewed silently in Lindsay’s heart.
###chapter1970
With a flicker of unease, she shifted the blame.
“Well, I don’t know.
I was called away by your brother at that time, and only later did I learn what had transpired.
”
Unnoticed, she gave Joann a covert glance, a silent plea to keep her composure.
Then, Lindsay advised, “I understand your distress, Joann, but remember, the keystone of this marriage is Bennett’s stance.
As long as you did nothing wrong, no one can pin this on you.
”
Her implication was clear: denial would shield Joann from blame, and even if she begged for Stella’s forgiveness, it couldn’t change Bennett’s decision.
Fortunately, Joann was quick on the uptake.
Mulling over Lindsay’s words, she realized the wisdom in them.
Most importantly, she didn’t want to be so humble to Stella.
Seizing Molly’s arm, she declared, “That’s enough, Mom.
You might think an apology will free us, but they’re just tightening the noose.
What can we possibly do against such malice? Let’s leave.
We shouldn’t be here fueling someone’s ego.
”
With those parting words, laced with arrogance, Joann pulled Molly toward the exit.
“I didn’t do it.
Believe what you will.
”
After saying those sarcastic words, she left with her mother.
Having successfully dispelled Joann, who posed a constant threat of exposure, Lindsay allowed herself a brief sigh of relief.
Yet, as she returned to the dining table, she sensed the thick air of solemnity that had settled over the room.
Waldo, his face etched with concern, broke the silence.
“What transpired at the engagement party? Why did members of the Crawford family feel compelled to apologize to you?”
Though Waldo and Lucia held unwavering faith in Stella, curiosity drove their inquiry for the truth.
Stella and Matthew, keen not to alarm the elders, downplayed the incident.
“It’s a minor issue; we’ve managed it well,” Stella assured.
However, Waldo’s discerning gaze caught the slight falter in her assurance.
He knew too well that Stella and Matthew w
ere the kind to shield their troubles while parading their triumphs.
Getting little from them, he turned his expectant gaze to Lindsay.
“Lindsay, what do you know?”
Feigning a casual check of Stella’s reaction, Lindsay responded cautiously, “I’m not entirely sure of the details.
I heard Stella was pushed into the water and that Matthew was drugged.
”
By saying that, she completely distanced herself from these matters.
Unsuspecting, Waldo absorbed her words with a growing fury.
“Why were we not informed of such grave occurrences? If the Crawfords hadn’t shown up today, would you have kept this hidden from us?”
Seeing Waldo’s genuine anger, Stella hurried to pacify him.
“We’ve resolved the issues, and both Matthew and I are fine now.
”
Waldo’s anger was not directed at them, but at the Crawfords’ audacity.
With decades in the business world under his belt, he understood the implications of their hasty apologies.
Clearly, they were deeply involved in the incidents, or why else would they rush to admit their faults?
Lucia also felt a surge of indignation.
“I was too polite to them just now.
Had I known about this, I would have thrown them out on the spot!”
Stella quickly soothed her, “Please, don’t be upset.
I’m okay now.
Besides, I didn’t let them take advantage of me.
It’s okay.
”
Matthew, recalling Molly and Joann’s demeanor, clenched his jaw, his expression darkening.
###chapter1971
Lucia then turned to Lindsay, her tone a mix of caution and concern.
“Lindsay, I know you’ve been close with Joann, but you’ve been away for so long.
You don’t see her true nature.
She’s manipulative.
It would be wise to keep your distance from her in the future.
”
Hearing that, Lindsay hesitated.
Lucia sighed deeply, her voice laden with concern.
“I heard you’re still Living with her? You need to move out quickly.
We Clarks don’t need to be entangled with the Crawfords.
”
Lindsay adopted a look of helplessness.
“But I’ve just returned from abroad and don’t have many friends here.
Besides, Joann’s furious right now.
If I distance myself at this moment, she won’t let me go easily.
”
Joann, though not the brightest, had become an unwitting ally against Stella, and Lindsay was reluctant to sever this tie.
Joann knew too much; falling out with her could complicate matters further.
Lucia remained silent.
Lindsay quickly added, “However, I will do my best to limit our interactions.
After all, Stella and Matthew are my family, and I don’t want to jeopardize my relationship with them over outsiders.
”
As she spoke, she cast a timid glance at Stella.
Lucia gently tapped Lindsay’s hand, comforting her, saying, “We are family no matter what happens.
”
She then turned to Stella and Matthew and said, “Lindsay might need your support.
She just returned from abroad, and associating with the wrong crowd could lead her off course.
”
Lucia’s underlying message was that she ho
ped Stella and Matthew would bring Lindsay back to Prosper Bay first.
She felt more at ease knowing they would look after Lindsay.
However, Matthew responded without hesitation, “I’ve already arranged for her to work in the company, and she can choose from any of the Prosperity Group’s residences.
Yet, she wanted to be on her own.
”
This left Lucia at a loss for words.
Lindsay was taken aback by Matthew’s firm stance.
Previously, even if he appeared indifferent, he would not decline if Lucia asked on her behalf.
Lindsay’s hands tightened into fists as she suspected Stella had tainted her image to Matthew, prompting him to keep his distance.
She couldn’t think of any other reason for his refusal.
Noticing the tension in the air, Waldo stepped in to smooth things over.
“Lindsay still has a childlike side to her.
She’s easily influenced.
We can respect her decision publicly.
But in private, we should be there for her if she needs us.
”
Then he said to Lindsay, “Now that it’s come to this, the most important thing is to move out of your friend’s residence.
You should look for a place to live near the company, perhaps a residence owned by the Prosperity Group.
”
Lindsay actually wanted to return to the Prosper Bay.
She knew that if she went back, for Lucia’s sake, even Stella would not force her to leave.
This would give her more opportunities to spend time with Matthew.
However, since both Matthew and Waldo had made their opinions clear, she had no choice but to consent.
“Okay, Grandpa.
”
###chapter1972
Lucia then said to Lindsay, “That’s good.
It’s about time you started being independent.
”
“Grandma, you’re right.
” Lindsay held back her reluctance and managed to smile.
After the meal, Stella and Matthew left the Clark family residence.
While in the car, Stella reflected on Lindsay’s cunning tactics at dinner and how Lucia and Waldo supported her, which made her sigh.
She had felt rather powerless and unhappy since Lindsay’s return.
However, she understood why Waldo and Lucia felt as they did.
They had raised Lindsay, so naturally, they cared for her.
Lindsay also knew how to win them over with her charm.
Even Stella had been fooled by Lindsay’s seemingly innocent manner initially.
‘s BunnyBookery
Noticing Stella’s sigh and her troubled expression, Matthew asked, “What’s wrong?”
Stella shook her head, choosing not to respond, but Matthew sensed her distress.
He took her hand, offering comfort.
“I’ll do what I can to limit your interactions with Lindsay in the future, and I’ll have Fernando communicate with her regarding company matters.
”
Although there was no concrete evidence implicating Lindsay in the recent issues, her consistent presence during these events raised Matthew’s suspicions.
Despite this, out of respect for Waldo and Lucia, and considering past events, he knew he couldn’t be too harsh on her.
Upon hearing this, Stella stayed quiet.
She understood that Matthew’s suggestion was the best option for now, but it was only a temporary fix.
It wouldn’t address the underlying issue.
Due to Lucia and Waldo, their paths were bound to cross eventually.
As Stella pondered this, her phone began to ring.
Bella was calling.
“Stella, do you have some free time these days?”
Bella’s gentle voice flowed through the phone, instantly soothing the annoyance bubbling within Stella as she answered the call.
Bella continued, her voice steady and warm, “I want to take you back to Dorburn and handle the property transfer while we’re there.
”
Stella paused, taken aback.
“Why is this happening so suddenly?” she asked.
Bella smiled, her voice carrying a reassuring warmth.
“I’ve had my mind set on this for quite some time.
Just find some time for us,” she sa
id.
Stella, eager to accompany her, readily agreed without hesitation.
Checking her work schedule, she announced, “I’ll be free for the next two weeks.
The ball’s in your court.
”
After a moment’s contemplation, Bella proposed, “How about we leave in a week? You can use these days to pack your belongings.
”
###chapter1973
They ended the call after concluding their conversation.
Matthew overheard their conversation.
As soon as Stella ended the call, he inquired eagerly, “Are you heading to Dorburn?”
Stella nodded in confirmation.
Matthew declared, “Count me in.
”
Stella responded with a hint of surprise, “You too?”
Concerned about the looming piles of work awaiting him at Prosperity Group, she cautioned, “You still have responsibilities at the company.
Can you afford to leave? Don’t push yourself too hard.
”
Matthew smiled and reassured her, “I can make time.
Plus, the film and television project I’m collaborating on with Kristian still has scenes to shoot in Dorburn.
It’s essential I visit to oversee everything firsthand.
”
Stella understood that this was merely an excuse, wondering why the CEO of a company needed to concern himself with scenes being shot for a film and television project.
But she chose not to press the issue further.
Instead, she linked arms with a smile and gratefully said, “Thank you for coming with us.
”
Matthew smiled faintly, gently embraced her, and planted a tender ki*s on her forehead.
Over the next three days, tranquility reigned.
The Crawford family kept a low profile, steering clear of any trouble, while Lindsay remained conspicuously absent.
Stella savored the tranquility, relishing the peace and quiet.
One evening, as Stella wrapped up work, Bella’s call came through.
Bella’s voice held a hint of urgency.
“Stella, where are you at the moment?”
Stella was taken aback.
Bella, usually composed and level-headed, sounding flustered was unusual.
Whatever had rattled her w
as Likely significant.
Her expression turned serious as she asked with concern, “What’s the matter?”
Bella simply suggested, “Let’s meet up.
It’s hard to explain over the phone.
”
Hearing the tremor in Bella’s voice, Stella reassured her swiftly, “I’ll come over right away.
Don’t worry.
”
After reassuring Bella, Stella hurried to the agreed-upon meeting spot.
The two met in a private room of a coffee shop.
As Stella pushed the door open, she found Bella seated anxiously, fidgeting in her chair.
Stella wasted no time.
“What’s wrong? What happened?”
Once the waiter had left their private room, Bella retrieved her phone and handed it to Stella.
“Take a look at this first,” she urged.
The screen displayed a photograph.
###chapter1974
Stella was utterly stunned by the person she saw in the photograph.
The woman in the photo bore an uncanny resemblance to Alissa’s best friend.
Behind her stood a man at a distance.
Stella scrutinized his features carefully.
He bore a striking resemblance to Kristian, but upon closer inspection, Stella noticed subtle differences.
Suddenly, Stella’s heart sank.
Frowning involuntarily, Stella looked up at Bella and asked, “Where did you find this photo?”
Stella was confused.
If the woman in the photo was Alissa’s best friend and a stranger to Bella, how could Bella have gotten hold of this picture?
In a state of shock, Bella exclaimed, “I found the photo in Kristian’s wallet.
”
Stella, bewildered, couldn’t resist asking, “How could it end up in his wallet?”
She reminisced about the moment when Kristian and Alissa first interacted.
Alissa’s reaction was so striking that it left her wondering if Kristian and Alissa had known each other long before that day.
But soon, Stella’s suspicion faded.
She reasoned that if they were acquainted, Kristian wouldn’t have been so indifferent upon meeting Alissa.
Yet, why would Kristian own a picture of Alissa’s best friend if they were strangers before?
Alissa’s best friend appeared in a photo with a man resembling Kristian, discovered tucked away in Kristian’s wallet.
Stella was now convinced that their acquaintance spanned far back in time.
Why did Kristian choose to deceive?
Stella’s thoughts were in disarray.
Bella puzzled over the situation, murmuring, “Kristian never mentioned knowing Alissa or her friends.
”
Clearly, Kristian was keeping something from them.
Stella glanced at Bella and suddenly a light bulb went off in her mind.
What if Bella was the woman, Alissa’s close friend, who had gone missing after a car accident?
Stella’s eyes widened in shock.
If her suspicion was correct, what role did Kristian play in the situation?
A sudden chill ran through Stella’s hands and feet.
Bella racked her brain but couldn’t find the reason.
She turned to Stella and suggested, “Maybe we should ask Kristian; he might know something.
Or we could ask Alissa if she knows him.
”
Bella’s confusion was so overwhelming that asking Kristian or Alissa seemed like the only solution she could come up with.
###chapter1975
After pondering for a moment, Stella shook her head and said, “I’m afraid that won’t work.
We only have one photo.
Kristian could easily fabricate a story if he doesn’t want to tell us the truth.
”
Moreover, if they approached Kristian directly, he might become more cautious.
Stella chose not to mention this to Bella.
Bella nodded, agreeing with Stella’s caution.
“What about Alissa?” she asked.
Stella shook her head.
“Alissa isn’t closely involved in this matter, so she likely doesn’t know much about it.
If we’re after the truth, our focus should be on Kristian.
”
Stella’s words left Bella lost in thought.
She couldn’t shake her suspicions about Kristian’s recent actions and his attitude when she mentioned transferring her property to Stella.
Bella closed her eyes, a deep sigh escaping her lips, as weariness settled in.
Stella empathized deeply.
Any woman would feel fearful upon discovering her husband hiding something so significant.
Stella grasped her cold hand reassuringly.
“I’ll handle the investigation.
Don’t fret.
Act oblivious, stay calm, and delete the photo.
I’ll strategize with Matthew about our next steps.
”
“Alright,” Bella replied with a nod, her voice tinged with uncertainty.
They lost their appetite altogether.
Stella sent Bella home and headed straight to the office to find Matthew.
Matthew sat alone in his office, the dim glow of the desk lamp casting shadows around him.
As Stella entered, Matthew’s face lit up with a smile.
“What brings you here all of a sudden? Checking up on me?”
Amidst the bustling company,
Stella discreetly led Matthew to the lounge, ensuring privacy for their conversation.
“I need to talk to you,” she said earnestly.
Matthew inquired with a playful smile, “What’s gotten you so energized today?”
Stella pursed her lips and regarded him gravely.
“I have a feeling that Kristian is keeping something from both Bella and me.
”
When Matthew heard this, the smile on his face disappeared.
He asked, “What’s wrong? Did you find anything?”
Indeed, he had many reasons to suspect Kristian.
But unfortunately, the people he sent out had not found anything useful yet.
Stella wouldn’t say such words for no reason.
She must have known something.
Stella told Matthew about her meeting with Bella today, Kristian’s abnormal behavior when he first saw Alissa, and all his excuses when she asked for old photos of Bella.
Then, she said with a frown, “At first, I thought he was just a bit strange.
But after piecing together the events, it seems it’s not that simple.
”
Matthew thought for a while, understanding Stella’s suspicions.
He asked solemnly, “Are you suspecting that Kristian knows Alissa’s best friend?”
Stella nodded.
“That’s one possibility.
But there’s another more intriguing possibility.
Could it be that Alissa’s beloved best friend is Bella?”
At first, Stella also thought it was a bit ridiculous.
But when she recalled Kristian’s past reactions, she felt it was highly plausible.
###chapter1976
Stella analyzed the situation.
“I remember Alissa’s stories about her best friend.
I found that she and Bella had similar experiences.
They both pursued design and had a tragic car accident.
They even shared the same anguish of a missing daughter.
The only difference was that Bella’s husband is Kristian.
”
The more she analyzed it, the more she felt a chill run down her spine.
If her guesses were right, it meant she and Bella might have fallen victim to a huge trap.
The perpetrators had meticulously laid their trap and tried every possible means, manipulating them effortlessly.
Stella wanted to convince herself that she was only overthinking.
But no matter how difficult, she had to bite the bullet and investigate the truth.
Matthew sensed that Stella was in turmoil.
He knew her worries were not groundless.
He held her hand tighter, comforting her.
“Don’t worry too much.
Given the current situation, you can’t act rashly.
So, leave this matter to me.
I’ll make sure to personally oversee the investigation.
”
If Stella’s speculations were true, then Kristian must have a plan for staying by Bella’s side for many years.
If Kristian found out that Stella had already discovered his lies, he must be so desperate that he could be driven to the extremes and pose a dire threat to Stella’s safety.
‘s BunnyBookery
ALL the evidence strongly suggested that Kristian was not Stella’s biological father.
If he had really planned everything from the very beginning, he must be a man of profound cunning and relentless resolve.
Matthew was afraid that if Kristian took action, he wouldn’t show mercy in executing his plans.
“If all of this is really set up by Kristian, then he is a terrible man,” Stella said with a hint of fear in her voice.
Matthew held her in his arms tightly.
“Don’t be afraid.
As long as I am here, Kristian can never hurt you.
No matter what cunning tricks he has, he will not succeed.
”
Matthew’s soothing words calmed d
own the turmoil in Stella’s heart.
She finally regained her composure after he coaxed her.
Then, he immediately called Neville.
Neville greeted him with a joke, but Matthew’s expression became serious.
“Neville, I’m not in the mood for jokes.
I have an important matter to discuss with you.
”
“What’s the matter?” Neville also became serious.
“I need you to investigate Alissa’s past acquaintances, particularly her closest friend and those associated with her.
”
After hanging up, Matthew noticed that Stella was looking at him in confusion.
He chose to tell her the truth.
“Actually, I have been investigating Kristian and Ethan for several days now.
I agreed to cooperate with Kristian because it’s part of my strategic move.
In this way, I can see his intentions and actions.
”
Stella was taken aback to learn that Matthew had been suspicious of Kristian for a long time.
“When did you start suspecting Kristian?” she asked, her surprise evident.
Matthew asked, “Do you remember Haley’s boyfriend, the one who never seemed to be around?”
Hearing the name, Stella was in a daze for a moment and nodded.
“Is there a link between the two?”
Matthew shared his theory.
“The DNA test confirmed your relationship with Bella.
Previously, your DNA test with Haley also indicated that she was your biological mother.
Since no one tampered with the previous report, it must be true.
So, there’s only one possibility…”
Following his train of thought, Stella interjected, “It suggests that Haley used my biological mother’s sample for the DNA t
###chapter1977
Matthew nodded slightly.
“Exactly.
And the only person who could access Bella…”
He left the sentence unfinished, but Stella understood his implication.
She hesitated for a moment before suggesting another possibility.
“But could Elizabeth have done it? After all, she even drugged her mother.
”
Stella was very cautious.
She didn’t want to overlook any possibilities or wrongly accuse anyone.
Matthew spoke in a hushed tone.
“Even so, Kristian remains a suspect, or they could be working together, covering for each other.
But Elizabeth was exposed in the end, so Kristian has distanced himself from her for now.
”
Stella admitted that Matthew’s reasoning made sense and fell silent.
She was worried about Bella’s safety if Kristian was indeed involved.
“I’m concerned about my mom,” Stella confessed anxiously.
“If Kristian is capable of what we suspect, he might pose a threat to her.
Shouldn’t we bring her to stay with us?”
Matthew shook his head.
“No, we shouldn’t.
Right now, the safest place for her is where she already is.
Besides, any sudden change could raise Kristian’s suspicions.
”
Stella bit her lip, still uneasy.
“But…”
Matthew reassured her, “Bella has been with him for a long time and remains unharmed.
That suggests he won’t take any action at the moment.
My people are monitoring him closely.
If we move her now, it might provoke Kristian and complicate matters further.
”
Stella reluctantly agreed with Matthew’s decision, nodding slowly.
“Alright, I’ll trust your judgment,”
she said softly.
Matthew offered her reassurance, though he couldn’t shake his own unease.
Kristian had always been cautious, as evidenced by Neville’s prolonged investigation, which yielded no useful information.
Continuing to investigate would not be easy.
That night, Kristian sat alone in his study.
His usually composed demeanor now twisted with dark intensity as he stared at the photo in his wallet.
His expression turned ruthless, reflecting his inner turmoil.
The photo had been moved, and only Bella could have done it.
Kristian remained silent for a moment before decisively making a phone call.
“Prepare a private plane to Dorburn.
There will be only two passengers.
”
With gritted teeth, he emphasized, “Ensure everything is arranged properly.
”
Stella, anxious about Kristian noticing anything, frequently visited Bella for a few days under the guise of taking over work.
Kristian remained as considerate as ever, showing no signs of suspicion.
However, Stella, still wary of her earlier doubts, stayed cautious.
###chapter1978
The night before they were set to leave for Dorburn, Kristian asked Stella to invite Matthew over for dinner.
As they ate, Kristian’s eyes shifted thoughtfully; he then set down his utensils and turned to Bella.
He said with regret, “I have an errand in Lyllmann tomorrow, so I won’t be able to go with you to Dorburn.
”
Then he took Bella’s hand gently.
Bella was caught off guard by his sudden affection.
Ever since she saw that photo in Kristian’s wallet, she had felt an inexplicable fear of him.
Instinctively, she wanted to withdraw her hand, but afraid of arousing suspicion, she forced an awkward smile.
Kristian, seemingly oblivious, asked guiltily, “You don’t blame me for not coming with you, do you? After all, this is our first time taking Stella back to Dorburn.
”
His gaze bored into Bella’s, seemingly filled with deep affection, yet Bella couldn’t shake the unease creeping up her spine.
“Of course not.
I’m not unreasonable.
” Bella collected herself, gently withdrawing her hand from Kristian’s grasp.
“Just handle your business, and whenever you’re free, join us in Dorburn.
”
Kristian smiled warmly and turned to apologize to Stella.
“I meant to accompany you on your first trip to Dorburn, but it seems fate had other plans.
”
Stella was taken aback.
She had assumed he was only playing nice for Bella’s sake, not expecting him to acknowledge her.
Keeping her composure, she replied, “It’s alright.
Mom and I… We can go back together.
We just need to handle the studio’s affairs, and we’ll take good care of ourselves.
”
Kristian sighed.
“It’s just bad timing.
There’s a problem with my cooperation project with the Prosperity Group, and I need Matthew to stay behind and handle it.
Otherwise, I would have felt better with him accompanying you.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew, lost in thought, remained silent.
Kristian continued, “But don’t worry.
I’ve arranged a private plane to take you back.
Someone will be waiting when you arrive.
You won’t need to worry about a thing.
”
He smiled faintly, a hint of cruelty in his eyes.
They wouldn’t return this time.
Stella instinctively refused, “You don’t have to…”
But Kristian was insistent, not allowing them to decline.
“I’m concerned about regular flights and their passengers.
Private planes are safer, so trust me on this.
”
He seemed completely committed to their well-being, leaving no room for refusal.
Before Stella could say more, Matthew subtly held her hand under the table.
Matthew looked at Stella warmly.
“Since Kristian has everything arranged, let’s accept his kindness.
”
###chapter1979
Then he turned to Kristian and said, “Thank you for arranging everything.
”
Kristian smiled.
“Bella is my wife and Stella is my daughter.
It’s my responsibility.
Now that we’ve all agreed, let’s enjoy our dinner.
”
He picked up his cutlery again, his eyes flickering downward briefly.
The four of them resumed eating, each lost in their thoughts.
After they had eaten, Stella and Matthew left together.
Once they were in the car, Stella’s thoughts drifted to Kristian’s actions earlier that day.
She felt a sense of discomfort but couldn’t pinpoint what was bothering her.
Was she just overthinking things?
Stella pondered for a while but couldn’t come to any conclusions.
Turning to Matthew, she inquired, “How’s the investigation going regarding Alissa’s best friend? Have you found any leads?”
Her mind was not at peace.
Matthew shook his head and replied, “Neville hasn’t reported back yet.
He’s probably still on it.
”
Noticing Stella’s worried expression, he offered some reassurance.
“Don’t worry.
Shall I give him a call now?”
Stella gave a nod of agreement.
Matthew reached for his mobile phone to call Neville, but there was no answer, He followed up with a message but got no response.
Matthew’s brow furrowed slightly
.
After a pause, he said to Stella, “We don’t know much right now.
Maybe you could talk it over with Bella and let her know you’re planning to head to Dorburn later? Or perhaps wait until I wrap up my tasks, and then I can join you both.
”
Stella had already considered this, but…
She bit her lip and let out a sigh.
“The itinerary is already arranged, and my mother has scheduled meetings with some well-known designers and clients from past projects for me.
I’m worried that changing plans now might leave a poor impression.
”
Matthew understood her dilemma.
He took Stella’s hand reassuringly and said, “That’s alright.
I’ll arrange for additional bodyguards to accompany you.
I’ll handle my responsibilities quickly and then meet you in Dorburn.
”
Matthew believed that if Kristian was indeed scheming something, he would surely take action in Dorburn.
After all, that was a place Kristian knew well.
Matthew’s eyes grew darker.
The following morning, Kristian and Matthew were at the airport to see Stella and Bella off.
Matthew extended his arms and embraced Stella warmly.
He patted her head gently and said, “Be careful on your journey.
Have a safe trip.
”
###chapter1980
Stella nodded and responded with a smile, “Yes, I will.
And you, take care of yourself too.
Don’t push yourself too hard.
”
“Okay,” Matthew responded gently.
Meanwhile, Kristian was chatting with Bella, occasionally glancing over at Matthew and Stella.
Bella feigned a casual farewell.
“Well, you should head home now.
”
Reluctantly, Kristian released her, boarded the plane to check everything one last time, and then got off and watched as Stella and Bella boarded.
He observed them get on the plane and as they did, his smile grew wider and he continued to wave.
‘s BunnyBookery
Kristian kept his hand raised until the airplane ascended.
He bid Matthew an insincere farewell before boarding for Lyllmann.
After Kristian left, Matthew’s expression gradually grew stern.
He pressed his lips together and watched the plane with Stella and Bella aboard.
At that moment, his mobile phone rang.
He to
ok it out of his pocket to find Neville calling.
Matthew took one last look at the airport, and then pressed the answer button, turned, and started walking away.
Neville’s voice came through the phone, sounding more serious than ever.
“Where are you now?”
“What’s the matter?” Matthew asked.
“I’ve looked into what you asked, and you were correct.
Kristian is indeed Ethan Vance,” Neville said.
Matthew halted and looked back, noticing Kristian’s plane had already departed.
He furrowed his brow and murmured, “What in the world is happening? Explain clearly.
”
Neville took a deep breath and explained, “I’ve looked into it.
Alissa’s best friend is Aarya Moore, who attended college with Ethan.
I spoke with other classmates to get more information.
”
After a brief pause, he continued with increased gravity, “From what they recall, Aarya was the standout beauty at their university and even helped Ethan with his tuition fees.
Since then, Ethan had been quietly enamored with her.
But Aarya had a wealthy boyfriend at that time, and nothing further developed between her and Ethan.
After their graduation, everyone lost touch.
The classmates aren’t sure what became of them.
”
Matthew’s gaze intensified.
“What else did you uncover?” he demanded.
Neville responded, “They provided me with Ethan’s photos.
He’s the spitting image of the man in the photo you showed me.
”
“What about Haley’s elusive boyfriend?” Matthew inquired.
“That’s Ethan!” Neville blurted out, frustration lacing his voice.
He cursed under his breath.
“After connecting the dots to Ethan, I kept digging.
It turns out, Ethan was the one reaching out to Haley.
”
Neville shook his head and added, “Kristian’s tactics are devious.
He set a trap right under Bella’s nose.
Without your vigilance, we might never have uncovered his real identity.
”
###chapter1981
Matthew offered a wry smile.
“That’s typical of him.
”
Neville pressed, “Now that we’re aware of the truth, what’s our next step? Should we have him arrested first?”
His anticipation was palpable, having invested considerable time and effort in uncovering the truth.
He was eager to watch Matthew unveil Kristian’s deceit for all to see.
Yet, Matthew did not respond to his query.
He simply glanced at his watch, gauging the time thoughtfully.
At that moment, Stella’s plane was likely soaring above the ocean.
Hearing no response from Matthew, Neville pressed on.
“Why are you silent? I’m asking your next step.
He’s scheming against your mother -in-law and your wife!”
Matthew replied calmly, “I’m aware.
”
He continued, “There’s no action needed.
”
“ihat?” Neville was perplexed.
“Why not? Are you just going to let him get away with it? What exactly are your plans?”
Matthew’s gaze sharpened.
“I intend to use this chance to fully uncover his motives and remove him from the equation,” he declared firmly, igniting a spark of enthusiasm in Neville.
This was the decisive Matthew that Neville remembered.
Matthew then mentioned, “I need a favor from you.
”
Without hesitation, Neville responded, “Tell me what it is.
If it’s within my power, I’ll assist you.
”
“There are two individuals I need you to watch over for me,” Matthew instructed.
Confused, Neville asked, “Guard people? Who are they?”
Matthew provided only an address before abruptly ending the call.
Upon his return to the office, Matthew summoned Fernando.
“Mr.
Clark, what can I assist you with?” he inquired.
“The time has come to enact our plan,” Matthew stated.
He then observed the clock, waiting patiently.
Two hours passed; Stella and Bella were due to arrive in Dorburn.
The phone rang.
It was Kristian, his voice laden with anxiety.
“Have you been able to reach Stella and Bella? I can’t make contact.
They should have disembarked, but there’s absolutely no update.
”
From the other end of the line, Matthew could detect the sound of Kristian pacing, a man deeply concerned for his family.
###chapter1982
In a tone filled with worry, he added, “The individual I arranged for their pickup in Dorburn hasn’t seen them either.
Is something amiss?”
Before Matthew could respond to Kristian’s question, his office phone rang.
After a brief internal call, he switched his cell phone to speaker mode and set it on the table.
Fernando entered, looking distressed, and announced, “Mr.
Clark, there’s troubling news.
Mrs.
Clark’s plane has crashed into the ocean for reasons unknown.
They’re missing now!”
Matthew stood abruptly, the chair scraping the floor loudly.
He asked urgently, “Crashed into the sea? Which part of the sea? Why are you still here? Organize a search team i
mmediately!”
He then put his cell phone near his ear again.
Kristian, sounding anxious, inquired, “A crash into the sea? Is he referring to Bella and Stella’s plane?”
“Yes,” Matthew replied tersely, his voice heavy with concern.
Kristian reacted with immediate panic.
“How could this happen? I’m heading back right now and will catch the first flight available!”
Without another word, Matthew hung up and departed with Fernando.
Upon reaching the door, they encountered Lindsay.
She appeared alarmed.
Matthew scowled and demanded, “What are you doing here?”
“I apologize, Matthew.
I overheard the conversation unintentionally.
Stella’s plane… it fell into the sea.
She’s alright, isn’t she?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Lindsay asked anxiously.
With a stern look, Matthew cautioned her, “Regardless of what you’ve heard, do not inform Grandpa and Grandma.
”
“I assure you, I won’t say a word,” Lindsay responded hastily, adding, “They wouldn’t withstand such a tragedy.
I’ll keep it to myself.
Despite her reassurances, she felt a wave of relief in her heart.
Stella’s plane had plummeted into the sea.
Surely, she couldn’t have survived such a fate.
If Stella were gone forever, Matthew would eventually gravitate toward her due to her connections with Waldo and Lucia.
The more Lindsay pondered, the greater her excitement grew.
It seemed even fate was on her side.
Matthew, without sparing her a glance, departed.
He, along with Fernando, rushed to the crash site, where the search and rescue team was already in action.
The vastness of the sea, however, made their efforts seem futile.
###chapter1983
An hour later, Kristian arrived, only to be met with the scattered debris of the aircraft.
He staggered back in shock, nearly falling over.
“How could this happen! Where are they? Bella! Stella!” he cried out twice to the sea, but the waves were the only reply.
Matthew’s expression turned grim.
He pressed his lips together, choosing to remain silent.
“The rescue team is still searching, but there’s no sign of them yet.
It’s likely they didn’t survive, given the severity of the crash,”
Fernando conveyed on Matthew’s behalf, his voice heavy with sorrow.
With a deep sigh, he expressed the weight of their grim reality.
Kristian staggered forward, covering his face as he sobbed, “How could this happen? I checked everything myself on the plane.
We were supposed to meet in Dorburn.
How could they just leave?”
His voice trailed off into a mumble, weighed down by grief.
“It’s all on me.
I should never have left them behind.
My job isn’t as important as being there for them in Dorburn!” He continued, his voice tinged with sorrow, “I assumed the private plane was safer, but why did this happen?”
Tears of self-reproach streamed down his face.
Throughout this, Matthew remained silent, his face unreadable and stoic.
No one could guess what he was thinking.
Eventually, he spoke, commanding, “Everyone, into the water now! We must search meticulously—cover every inch!”
That evening, the startling news of a private plane crashing into the sea reached many.
Matthew spent the entire night by the shore where the incident occurred.
Despite the rescue team’s efforts, they found no one, casting a heavy pall over everyone involved.
Amid the search, someone whispered, “The search area is immense, and the plane was aflame before it hit the water.
Finding survivors is unlikely.
”
Matthew’s expression hardened as he sharply commanded, “Stop talking.
Just continue the search!”
During this tense time, Miley was the first to phone, seeking news about Stella.
Through tears, she managed, “Is that true? Has something happened to Stella? She-“
Matthew responded tersely, “We’re still searching.
Nothing is confirmed yet.
”
His attempt at reassurance fell short for Miley.
She sobbed into the phone, “Matthew, please, you must find Stella.
Don’t stop looking for her.
”
Matthew replied with resolve, “I will.
”
Miley, overwhelmed, failed to end the call, leaving her cries audible to Matthew until another call interrupted.
###chapter1984
It was Waldo on the line, his voice laden with concern.
“Matthew, have you located Stella?”
Matthew’s brow furrowed.
He had directed Fernando to keep the crash confidential and wondered how Waldo had learned of it.
Staring into the dark, endless sea, he stated honestly, “We’re searching tirelessly.
”
Waldo responded gravely, “Your grandmother is still in the dark about this.
I’ll keep it from her.
Inform me immediately when you have any updates.
”
Matthew acknowledged with a simple, “Understood.
”
It was now 4 a.
m.
The exhaustion was evident on the faces of the rescue workers.
Kristian, noticing Matthew had remained on the shore the entire time, urged him, “You’ve only just recovered.
Staying here could be too much for you.
I’ll inform you immediately if there’s any news.
Please, go back home.
”
Matthew’s expression remained unchanged as he firmly declined, “There’s no need.
If you’re tired, feel free to leave, but I’m staying.
”
Kristian’s concern deepen
ed.
“The search has continued through the night with no results.
Staying here might make you ill, which would only upset Stella more.
It’s best if you go back.
They’ll likely be alright.
”
This, of course, was merely Kristian’s ruse.
Given the wreckage and the likely loss of all aboard, his encouragement for Matthew to leave had ulterior motives—he hoped to slow the search, minimizing the chances of finding Stella and Bella.
Matthew, with resolve deepening, countered, “How can I leave knowing my wife is still out there? And Bella is still missing in the sea.
Could you possibly abandon your wife?”
Kristian was left without a response.
Matthew turned away, removed his coat, handed it to Fernando, and began rolling up his sleeves as he approached the rescue team.
Fernando, following quickly behind, pleaded anxiously, “Mr.
Clark, please take a moment to calm down.
The dive is dangerous, and you’re not well-rested.
Your wife is surely blessed.
She’ll be alright!”
Ignoring him, Matthew shook off his hand, stating firmly, “Don’t hold me back; I’ve made up my mind.
”
With that, he joined the rescue efforts without further interference from Fernando.
Kristian watched their retreating backs, a secretive smile playing on his lips under the moonlight.
“Not even divine intervention could save Stella and Bella now, much less Matthew.
Should he miraculously locate their bodies, it might finally make him abandon hope,” Kristian muttered under his breath.
As dawn broke, the rescue team still hadn’t located Stella and Bella; there was no sign of them, not even a human bone.
Hope, which had flashed in the hearts of many, was now fading into despair.
Matthew had been part of the search since the beginning, and his fatigue was evident.
Fernando supported Matthew, concern etched across his face.
###chapter1985
Kristian, pretending to be concerned, suggested he take a break.
“Matthew, that’s enough.
Go rest, or you’ll get sick before they even find Stella and Bella.
”
Kristian appeared concerned, but deep down, he was pleased.
He thought nobody there had ever seen the CEO of Prosperity Group in such a chaotic state.
With Stella and Bella presumed dead, Matthew’s despair would surely deepen.
“If Stella knew you were wearing yourself out over this, she wouldn’t be at peace,” Kristian said, mentioning Stella again.
It was unusual for Fernando to echo Kristian’s sentiments.
“Mr.
Clark, please consider Kristian’s advice.
I’ll drive you back.
Your health can’t take much more.
If something happens to you, I can’t hide it from your family.
Your grandmother would be devastated.
”
Matthew’s expression finally softened.
His lips were parched, and he managed to utter, “Okay.
”
Once in the car, he noticed several missed calls and messages from Neville, inquiring about the situation and his intentions.
As the car pulled away, Matthew r
eturned Neville’s call, and it connected immediately.
He asked Neville, “Have they settled down?”
“They’re both resting,” Neville answered.
He then asked, “What’s happening? What can I do to help you?”
Neville had seen the news about Stella’s plane crash the day before and was deeply concerned.
But when Neville arrived at the address Matthew had provided and saw Stella and Bella safe, he was confused about Matthew’s plans.
Matthew explained, “I want to use this opportunity to expose Kristian and uncover what caused the car accident that involved Stella’s parents.
”
Upon hearing this, Neville once again admired his friend, but he couldn’t imagine how Matthew knew Kristian would tamper with the private plane and had arranged everything.
Just as Neville was about to inquire further, Matthew instructed, “Just take good care of them.
They’re safe there.
If Stella needs to contact me, she can use your phone.
”
Kristian was always careful, and this setup might not completely erase his suspicions.
If he sensed that Stella and Bella might have a chance of survival, he would be more cautious and wouldn’t easily give himself away.
After giving Neville instructions, Matthew hung up, and the car arrived at Prosper Bay.
Upon stepping out of the car, he saw Alissa and Doreen standing at the gate, looking lost.
Alissa looked exhausted, clearly having not slept for a while, and Doreen’s eyes were red from recent tears.
Alissa quickly approached and asked, “Have you heard anything about Stella and Bella?”
She had only learned of the plane accident involving Stella and Bella through Doreen after being unable to reach Stella herself.
###chapter1986
The situation reminded Alissa painfully of the time she learned her best friend had been in an accident, leading her to stay up all night.
As dawn broke, she had come to Prosper Bay.
Matthew appeared exhausted, sporting slight stubble on his chin.
His eyes were blank at the moment.
Always calm and dignified in front of others, this was likely one of the most awkward moments for the CEO of Prosperity Group.
Seeing him like this, Alissa felt a surge of worry.
Her lips quivered, but she struggled to speak.
After a moment, she managed to ask with dif
ficulty, “What’s going on? Was the news wrong? Did the plane actually crash?”
Alissa’s questions left Matthew at a loss for words.
He now realized that Bella was Alissa’s best friend.
This realization shifted his perspective on Alissa.
She was no longer just the embroidery teacher who had assisted Stella.
However, to keep their enemy in the dark, it was crucial to limit how much was known about Bella and Stella’s incident.
Matthew replied vaguely, “There’s no news yet, but don’t worry.
They’ll be okay.
”
His words carried a subtle assurance, but Alissa perceived them as self-comfort.
When her best friend had an accident, people around her also offered those comforting words.
However, she waited for many years without any news.
If people were dead, they would never come back.
Alissa restrained her emotions and didn’t cry in front of the younger people.
She understood how crucial Stella and Bella were to Matthew; one was his wife and the other was his mother-in-law.
His grief was Likely deeper than hers.
She swallowed the bitterness in her heart and reassured Matthew, “You’re right.
No news might be good news.
They’ll be okay.
We shouldn’t worry too much.
”
Doreen also chimed in with comfort, “Yes, Stella is such a kind soul.
Surely, she’ll be watched over.
”
Matthew nodded.
The early morning light revealed the fatigue on both women’s faces.
Matthew suggested, “You came here so early, you probably haven’t eaten yet.
Why not stay for breakfast?”
Alissa declined, “I have no appetit ; I don’t want to eat.
You’ve been up all night.
You should rest.
”
She seemed utterly drained.
Matthew didn’t insist for them to stay.
Before she left, Alissa said to Matthew, “Please let me know if there’s any news.
”
###chapter1987
“Okay.
Matthew agreed, confirming he would keep her informed.
”
At that moment, Matthew’s phone rang.
It was Neville calling.
He didn’t pick up right away because Alissa and Doreen were still present.
He turned to Fernando and instructed, “Please take them home.
”
After he nodded to the two women, he walked inside.
Once the gate was closed, Matthew answered the phone.
Stella’s voice came through.
“Is now a good time to talk?”
“Yes,” Matthew answered as he loosened his tie.
It had been a long day of pretense, and hearing Stella’s voice instantly eased his tension.
He settled onto the sofa and asked softly, “How are things with you?”
“Everything is fine,” Stella replied.
With his eyes closed, hearing her voice made Matthew smile.
“What did you want to discuss?”
He was aware that Stella wouldn’t be calling
just because she missed him.
True to form, Stella had several pressing questions.
She got straight to the point and asked, “When did you realize there was something wrong with the plane? Was it Kristian?”
She recalled how, after boarding the plane with Bella the previous day, they had to make an emergency landing after a brief flight.
A team of bodyguards had then escorted her and Bella to a villa.
During this ordeal, both she and Bella were baffled.
Bella suspected Stella might know something and questioned her, but she knew nothing.
Matthew opened his eyes, his gaze sharp.
“After you fell asleep the night before Last, I pondered over the timing for Kristian to make a move.
I initially thought he’d wait until you reached Dorburn, but then I realized that given Kristian’s careful nature, he would likely prefer to destroy the corpses.
Thus, orchestrating a plane crash would be the safest bet.
”
Stella listened intently, absorbing every word.
Matthew continued, “I had someone look into the pilot of the private plane and discovered some troubling details.
The pilot had recently fallen into gambling and accumulated a lot of debt.
His mother was also ill and in need of treatment.
Then, suddenly, a large sum of money appeared in his private account yesterday.
I arranged for a new private plane for you.
The one that crashed into the sea was orchestrated by Kristian.
”
Stella took a deep breath upon hearing this.
It became clear that Kristian had plotted to kill her and Bella.
The reality was harsh.
Bella had been his wife for so many years, yet he was willing to go to such lengths.
Shocked and angry, she asked, “Who on earth is Kristian? Why does he want to hurt Bella and me?”
As things had come so far, Matthew didn’t hide it anymore.
###chapter1988
He spoke in a hushed tone.
“The only certainty I have now is that he is not your biological father.
As for the true events of the past, only Kristian knows the full story.
”
Matthew refrained from revealing further details.
The situation was exceedingly complex.
Kristian was Ethan, and Bella was Aarya.
Bella’s current plight was an elaborate deception orchestrated by Kristian.
He did not want Stella to worry until everything was clearer.
When Matthew mentioned that Kristian was not her biological father, Stella felt momentarily shocked but sighed with relief.
Her voice reflected her newfound ease.
“My intuition was correct.
”
Realizing the hidden danger Bella had faced all these years, Stella’s anger toward Kristian intensified.
“I won’t let Kristian get away with this! He must be held accountable for his actions!” she declared.
Matthew empathized with her feelings.
“You’ll
need to be patient for a bit longer.
Kristian believes you and Bella have had an accident.
I think he will make his next move soon.
”
Stella regained her composure and replied, “Alright, I’ll reassure my mother.
Neville is with us.
We’ll manage, but you must be cautious.
”
Kristian had been scheming for a long time.
He even went as far as to bribe the pilot to eliminate them; who knew what other extreme measures he might employ?
“I know,” Matthew replied with a reassuring smile.
Sensing the fatigue in his voice, Stella asked with concern, “How are you holding up? Are you exhausted?”
Matthew admitted, “I am a bit worn out after acting in front of Kristian the whole night, but hearing your voice lifts my spirits.
”
Stella felt a warm rush of affection but couldn’t shake her concern.
“If you’re tired, make sure to rest properly.
Don’t overextend yourself.
”
“Will do,” Matthew responded.
Meanwhile, Lindsay received a call from Joann at the office.
Since learning of Stella’s misfortune, Lindsay had been in high spirits.
Even Joann’s past blunders seemed more forgivable.
However, Lindsay concealed her delight.
Joann excitedly exclaimed, “Lindsay, did you hear? Stella’s plane crashed into the sea! Even fate wants her gone.
”
She couldn’t suppress her laughter.
If it hadn’t been for Stella, she and Bennett wouldn’t have ended up in such a predicament.
Now that Stella was presumed dead, Bennett no longer needed to take responsibility for what happened at the banquet and appease Matthew.
###chapter1989
He would likely reconcile with her.
Lindsay was secretly pleased.
Stella had always been a thorn in her side.
Matthew, Waldo, and Lucia all lavished attention on Stella, but Lindsay believed that she deserved it all.
With Stella gone, the entire Clark family would find tranquility, and the affection she craved would finally come back to her.
Despite her good mood, Lindsay maintained her facade of concern.
Worriedly, she said, “Maybe Stella is just missing.
She might still be alright.
”
Joann sneered, “Missing? I heard the plane was ablaze before it crashed into the sea.
From such a height, there would be no trace left of her.
”
“Don’t speak like that.
God bless her.
Grandpa and Grandma will be heartbroken if they find out,” Lindsay responded.
Joann, disappointed, retorted, “Don’t be naive.
Why are you defending her? Isn’t it better if she’s dead? With Stella out of the picture, Matthew will be yours.
”
Lindsay remained silent, though she couldn’t suppress a smile.
Joann continued, “You’re too kind.
The Clark family will only mourn Stella briefly.
As time passes, who will remember her? Eventually, you’ll become Mrs.
Clark.
Isn’t that what you want? Don’t you have feelings for Matthew?”
Drawing out her words, Joann teased, “Mrs.
Clark… Mrs.
Clark…”
Hearing Joann’s flattering words, Lindsa
y relished the moment, feeling her vanity swell.
She responded demurely, “Stop teasing me.
”
Yet, her eyes darkened with contemplation.
Joann’s words rang true.
With Stella gone and Matthew still young, he would undoubtedly marry again.
That woman had to be her.
Inwardly, Lindsay prayed fervently.
She wished that Stella would never return.
Three days had passed, and there was still no news of Stella and Bella.
The search and rescue team gradually gave up and withdrew.
Kristian visited Matthew at Prosper Bay.
Since Stella’s accident, Matthew had not been to the company, which led Kristian to believe that Matthew was utterly despondent.
The two met in the living room, with Matthew looking exhausted in his pajamas.
Kristian was pleased to see Matthew so dispirited but masked his delight with a facade of melancholy.
“I haven’t seen you in a few days, and you’ve lost weight.
” Kristian, wearing a mask of concern, advised, “Take it easy.
If Stella and Bella are in heaven, they wouldn’t want us to remain this depressed.
”
Hearing Kristian’s thinly veiled eagerness to accept Stella’s and Bella’s deaths, Matthew secretly sneered.
He suspected Kristian was already planning his next move.
###chapter1990
Now, Kristian must feel confident in his victory.
Continuing to pretend would be excruciating for him.
Matthew replied calmly, “I understand.
”
Kristian buried his face in his hands and sighed deeply, “This is all my fault.
Imagine how terrified they must have been when the accident occurred.
I should never have let them go without me.
If I had been there, at least I’d be with them now.
It’s my fault entirely.
If only I had the plane checked more thoroughly before they departed, we might have avoided this disaster.
It’s all my fault!”
Matthew remained unresponsive to Kristian’s self-reproach, showing neither sympathy nor comfort.
‘s BunnyBookery
He sat silently, his gaze cold and detached.
Kristian’s emotional display met with indifference, leaving him feeling somewhat embarrassed.
Gradually, he composed himself and, after a pause, cautiously stated his purpose.
“It has been three days since Stella and Bella’s accident, yet they remain missing.
I fear, as others have suggested, they might already be lost.
”
Matthew looked up at him with a piercing gaze.
Under that sharp gaze, Kristian inexplicably felt a little uncertain, but he had to say what he needed to say.
“The rescue team has been searching for three days, but there is nothing except the remains of the plane.
There will be no result even if they go on.
I think we’d better ask them to withdraw.
”
Matthew fixed his eyes on Kristian and asked, “Are you suggesting we simply give up?”
Kristian’s heart pounded.
He swallowed hard and spoke.
“Though I struggle to accept this reality, we must look ahead.
Continuing the search risks sparking internet rumors that th
e Clark family is abusing resources due to our background, tarnishing both your reputation and that of the Prosperity Group.
”
Matthew’s response was icy.
“I care little for public opinion.
If persuasion is your intent, kindly leave.
Show yourself out.
”
His words lacked any hint of respect for Kristian.
Kristian felt a momentary stiffness in his expression.
Seeing Matthew turn away, Kristian quickly rose, feigning anguish.
“My wife and daughter were on that plane.
I share your grief.
I’ve watched the rescue efforts day after day, yielding no results.
My heart is shattered!”
He sobbed, “With them gone, my reason for living is gone too.
I’d rather be with them than endure this agony!”
Matthew regarded him coldly, devoid of any emotional reaction.
After he saw through Kristian’s facade, Kristian was only making a fool of himself in Matthew’s eyes.
Nevertheless, Matthew extended a gesture of mercy.
“If there’s no news by tomorrow, I’ll instruct the search team to stand down.
”
Kristian felt a surge of relief.
With the rescue team withdrawing, it signified that Stella and Bella would likely never return.
###chapter1991
He suppressed his inner excitement and said calmly, “We never wished for this outcome, but circumstances leave us no alternative.
Their return to Dorburn was for the studio and the property transfer.
Once everything is settled, I’ll personally take charge to honor their final wish.
”
The implication was clear-he intended to manage Bella’s property independently.
Matthew discerned his intention.
So, that was his motive.
Matthew found it ironic.
At last, he understood why Kristian had concocted such a significant lie for Bella, sustained it for so long, and even arranged for Haley to pretend to be Stella’s biological mother.
It turned out Kristian coveted Bella’s wealth.
In hindsight, Matthew should have realized it sooner.
Bella’s renowned design brand had global recognition.
Acquiring all her assets would make Kristian immensely wealthy.
People like Kristian often succumb to greed.
How could he resist such a powerful temptation?
Reflecting on Kristian’s actions, Matthew couldn’t help but wonder if Kristian had a hand in Elizabeth drugging Bella.
After a moment of contemplation, Matthew added, “As Bella’s husband, it’s your responsibility to handle this matter.
Even though I’m Stella’s husband and Bella’s son-in-law, I won’t intervene.
”
Kristian breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing Matthew’s stance.
He suddenly looked down on Matthew.
Stella was just a woman.
How could Matthew make himself so miserable because of her?
Following the topic of Bella’s pro
erty, Kristian shifted to discussing their business dealings.
“Though it may seem callous to discuss business matters now, we’ve signed a contract.
Delaying further could harm both our interests.
You’re accountable for the Prosperity Group and must consider your employees’ welfare.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
After saying that, he brought up Stella again.
“I don’t believe Stella would want you to continue like this.
”
Matthew closed his eyes, visibly pained.
“I’m not in the right frame of mind for business now.
You handle everything.
I trust you.
”
Kristian’s eyes registered surprise briefly.
Fearful of Matthew reneging on his words, he quickly responded, “Understood.
”
Having achieved his goal, Kristian could barely contain his joy.
He comforted Matthew briefly before taking his leave.
Outside, he stroked his chin with self-satisfaction.
His plan had unfolded perfectly!
With Stella gone, Matthew was vulnerable.
Kristian envisioned seizing Bella’s assets and leveraging his father daughter ties with Stella to deepen his relationship with the Prosperity Group and Matthew.
If all went according to plan, he could even eliminate Matthew and potentially take over the entire Prosperity Group.
Kristian’s ambition surged.
He was eager to set his plans in motion immediately.
After a moment’s thought, he promptly contacted Emil.
###chapter1992
The following day, despite ongoing efforts, the search and rescue team remained empty-handed.
Honoring his promise to Kristian, Matthew instructed them to depart.
Upon hearing the news, Lindsay secretly rejoiced.
To confirm, she discreetly consulted Fernando.
“Any updates on Stella? Why did the rescue team leave?”
“No,” Fernando replied curtly.
However, Lindsay remained unfazed.
She believed Matthew must be desperate, hence his decision to recall the rescue team.
After days of holding back, Lindsay couldn’t restrain herself any longer.
She fabricated an excuse to take leave and headed to Prosper Bay to visit Matthew.
At Prosper Bay, Erin greeted Lindsay at the door upon her arrival.
As Erin went upstairs to inform Matthew of Lindsay’s presence, she settled into the living room, already viewing it through the eyes of Matthew’s wife.
She hadn’t paid much attention to the decor before, but now she noticed that the living room’s style seemed more feminine than what Matthew had preferred in the past.
She ran her hand over the sofa, thinking, this color must have been Stella’s favorite.
Her gaze drifted to the pair of cups on the coffe
e table, a hint of resentment flickering in her eyes.
Once she moved into this house, Lindsay would meticulously remove all traces of Stella and replace them with her preferences.
Recalling how Miley had reprimanded her over a lipstick incident, Lindsay’s eyes hardened with resolve.
From now on, she could leave her lipstick wherever she pleased.
Lost in her thoughts, Lindsay was startled when Matthew descended the stairs and coolly asked, “What are you doing here?”
Collecting herself, Lindsay stood and picked up the food box she had brought.
“Matthew, are you alright? I’ve been worried about you lately.
Even with Stella gone, you need to take care of yourself.
You still have your grandparents, after all.
”
Matthew remained silent and sat down on the sofa.
Lindsay quickly opened the food container, ladled some soup into a bowl, and said, “You haven’t been to the office lately.
Everyone’s worried about you.
Since I had some free time, I made soup.
Give it a try.
”
She handed the bowl to Matthew, hoping he would accept it.
Instead of taking the soup, Matthew glanced at Erin and requested, “Please bring me a glass of water.
”
Turning back to Lindsay with a cold stare, he added, “If it’s work- related, go see Fernando.
This isn’t the place for you.
”
His tone was dismissive, prompting Lindsay to pause briefly, feeling embarrassed.
Erin silently fetched the water and left without acknowledging Lindsay or offering her anything.
Witnessing Erin’s indifference only fueled Lindsay’s anger.
###chapter1993
ven a maid dared to treat her with arrogance, just like Stella.
Raised in the Clark family by Lucia, Lindsay felt entitled to respect.
How could this woman disrespect her so blatantly?
She vowed to dismiss Erin immediately once she married Matthew.
Lindsay attempted to compose herself before speaking to Matthew.
“Matthew, I understand you’re grieving, but you have to keep going.
”
She glanced down, continuing softly, “Honestly, I didn’t like Stella much at first.
During that tough year when you rejoined the family, I was the one by your side.
Stella came into your life after things settled down.
She didn’t share in the hardships but enjoyed the rewards.
I was worried she didn’t truly love you, so I tested her.
”
Matthew fell silent, his eyes narrowing as he contemplated the truth of Lindsay’s words.
Lindsay pressed on, “Later, I read about what Stella did for you and the Prosperity Group online, and I realized her love for you.
Since then, I’ve sincerely regarded her as my family.
”
She smiled bitterly, her tone pained.
“Perhaps I mishandled things initially, which made Stella wary of me.
I always hoped for a chance to mend things between us, but the accident came too suddenly.
She was so young…”
Lindsay pretended to wipe away her tears.
She understood that if she aimed to marry into the Clark family, she had to do it step by step.
Her past actions had left a negative impression on Matthew, and she needed to work on changing his opinion of her first.
Regardless of her future actions, Stella was deceased, beyond anyone’s influence.
Over time, Matthew could not continue loving someone who had passed away.
During those moments, she aimed to mend his shattered heart, eventually claiming it for herself.
Matthew’s expression soured upon hearing her words.
He responded coolly, “Stella is alive.
”
Hearing Matthew’s words, Lindsay thought he was only comforting himself.
Yet, despite her suspicions, a nagging jealousy toward Stella gnawed at her.
She couldn’t figure out why Matthew was attracted to Stella.
What did he see in her?
“Matthew, what’s happened has happened…” Lindsay began, attempting to offer comfort.
“You don’t have to be so stubborn.
We should look ahead.
After all, those of us still living need to carry on.
”
“Enough,” Matthew cut her off sharply.
Though it was all his plan, he couldn’t bear to hear others speak of Stella as though she were gone.
To him, it felt like a curse.
###chapter1994
“If you have nothing important to say, you should leave.
I don’t need outsiders meddling in my affairs with Stella,” Matthew said dismissively.
Lindsay felt a surge of anger, but before she could respond, Matthew stood and turned away, refusing to even glance her way.
“Erin, see the guest out,” he ordered the servant.
“I won’t be seeing anyone else today.
Make sure no outsiders get in.
”
With that, Matthew went upstairs.
His cold treatment, relegating Lindsay to an outsider in the presence of a servant, humiliated her.
She wanted to stomp her feet in frustration but restrained herself, not wanting to display her anger in front of Erin.
“Miss, please leave,” Erin said flatly, standing before Lindsay.
Erin’s impassive expression made it seem Like she was dismissing a nuisance rather than a guest.
Lindsay clenched her fists behind her back, barely containing her indignation.
With a dismissive snort, Lindsay turned to leave.
“Miss, don’t forget your soup,” Erin quickly added.
“I’ve been caring for Mr.
Clark for many years.
He only accepts his wife’s cooking.
It would be a shame to waste your efforts and the food.
”
Erin was saddened by Stella’s recent accident.
She could easily tell Lindsay’s intentions behind meeting Matthew.
It was all too obvious.
Stella had always been kind and attent
ive to Lindsay during her time in the house.
Erin couldn’t help but feel Lindsay was ungrateful.
Her remark left Lindsay fuming.
Erin became her unwitting target since she couldn’t direct her anger at Matthew.
“You may continue to idolize Stella, but remember, a deceased person can no longer benefit you,” Lindsay retorted, jabbing Erin’s shoulder.
“I’d advise you to recognize who might soon be the lady of this house.
”
With that, Lindsay snatched the food container, spun on her heel, and stormed out without another glance at Erin.
Meanwhile, upstairs, Matthew was on the phone with Stella.
He had been updating her about the daily progress and reassuring her not to worry about anything.
Knowing Stella’s dislike for Lindsay, he carefully omitted any mention of her visit.
Their conversation remained Light and casual.
Suddenly, Matthew heard a noise downstairs.
The voices of Erin and a man rang through the house.
Matthew stood by the window, gazing out.
Erin was at the front gate, steadfastly blocking Bennett from entering.
“Sir, Mr.
Clark has stated he isn’t receiving guests today.
Please leave.
”
###chapter1995
Bennett, who usually maintained his composure, now let his anger flare.
His face turned crimson as he exclaimed, “Don’t obstruct me.
I need to see Matthew now!”
Erin didn’t budge.
“Sir, if you persist with this behavior, I will be forced to call security.
”
Bennett, unable to overpower Erin’s resolve, shouted, “Matthew, if you have any courage, come out here! Why did you pull back the rescue team? Don’t you deeply care about Stella? Why abandon your efforts so swiftly?”
Erin managed to hold her position at the gate, yet Bennett continued his cold accusations.
“She is your wife, not a mere acquaintance.
How can you so easily let go? Do you honestly believe she is gone just like that?”
Upstairs, Matthew’s frequent frowns reflected his irritation at Bennett’s uncontrolled demeanor.
Unaware of the tension, Stella inquired on the other side of the phone, “What are you up to? Are you occupied? We can speak later if you’re busy.
”
Choosing not to reveal the turmoil below, Matthew responded with a tender smile, “I’m just missing you.
”
Stella felt a blush creep up her cheeks.
“Why would you say that all of a sudden? I’ll be home soon.
”
“I haven’t seen you in ages.
I miss you immensely,” Matthew whispered softly.
The warmth spread to Stella’s ears.
She regained her composure and changed the subject.
“How long will it take to settle everything? We can’t continue hiding.
Mom has started to pick up on things.
The gravity of this matter worries me.
I don’t know how much longer I can keep this hidden.
”
She voiced her concerns with a slight tremor.
Recalling a conversation with Kristian recently, Matthew offered reassurance.
“I will resolve it as quickly as I can.
”
Downstairs, Erin and a bodyguard were struggling to restrain Bennett, who was determined to force his way in.
Matthew’s expression darkened further.
He spoke to Stella.
“I need to address an urgent issue here.
I’ll call you back later.
”
After hanging up, Matthew left the study.
As he descended the stairs, Bennett made his way into the living room.
Both men faced each other with grim expressions, their eyes locked in a silent standoff.
The atmosphere was thick with tension, hinting at the brewing conflict.
The atmosphere grew palpably strange, prompting the bodyguard to position himself between Matthew and Bennett.
“You finally show yourself.
I thought you’d keep hiding forever,”
Bennett stated icily.
Matthew returned a frosty look and inquired, “Why are you here? Stella is my wife, and she has no ties to the Lowell family.
”
Bennett found himself at a loss for words.
At that moment, Joann entered.
###chapter1996
Sensing the mounting tension between Bennett and Matthew, she quickly grasped Bennett’s hand.
“Come home with me.
Even her own husband isn’t worried.
Why should you be so concerned as an outsider? Let’s leave!”
Bennett coldly shrugged off her hand.
“If you want to leave, go ahead.
I still have things to discuss.
”
Joann’s face fell, her lips quivering as she struggled to speak, fearing Bennett’s disregard.
Her anxiety was so intense that tears welled up in her eyes.
Matthew looked over at Joann and scoffed, saying, “Mr.
Lowell, perhaps you should attend to your own family matters before meddling in others’.
”
Joann, having harbored feelings for Bennett for years, couldn’t tolerate any slight against him, even from Matthew.
She retorted softly, “Bennett is here out of concern for your family.
Mr.
Clark, your lack of gratitude is appalling! No wonder Stella is…”
“Enough!”
Both Matthew and Bennett cut her off simultaneously.
Joann stamped her foot, frustrated, believing she had said nothing out of Line.
Matthew’s patience had evaporated,
his face marked by irritation.
His respect for the visitors had vanished.
“WiLL you leave on your own, or must I call security?” Matthew glared at them, his tone brimming with discontent.
“Maybe you’ve given up on looking for Stella, but I won’t.
I’ll find her myself,” Bennett said with a dark face.
Then, he spun around and left.
Joann’s complexion appeared unusually somber.
She had spoken up for Bennett, but her efforts went unappreciated.
He didn’t glance her way, leaving her to confront Matthew alone.
Bennett’s indifference left Joann feeling deeply saddened.
However, upon seeing the stern look on Matthew’s face, she restrained her discontent.
Fear was all she felt.
She had no option but to follow Bennett.
As Bennett was about to close the car door, Joann instinctively reached out to stop him.
Unfortunately, Bennett moved quickly, causing Joann to be injured by the door.
“Ouch!” Joann screamed in pain and pulled her hand back.
Looking into Bennett’s eyes, she saw nothing but impatience.
He showed no remorse.
Joann felt as if a cold wind had swept through her heart.
She stared at Bennett, the man she had loved for years, feeling both angry and wronged.
“Bennett! Do you realize what you are doing? Stella is Matthew’s wife.
You shouldn’t be involved with her.
I’m your fiancée.
How can you treat me like this?”
“You don’t need to remind me.
I am aware of that.
”
###chapter1997
Bennett’s eyes lacked any warmth, sending a chill deep into her heart.
Bennett then corrected her.
“There’s another point.
Remember, our engagement is over.
I’m no longer connected to you.
Miss Crawford, please stop thinking of yourself as my fiancée and maintain some dignity.
”
Joann stared at the man before her, unable to believe what she was seeing.
He had always been kind and well-mannered in her memories, but now Bennett was so distant and cold, she could barely recognize him.
She couldn’t grasp how things had come to this point.
Bennett had only met Stella once.
Why did he suddenly take her side?
He even went as far as upsetting Matthew because of her.
Joann had given so much for him, her love included.
However, he abandoned her just like that.
Joann couldn’t understand why she wasn’t as appealing as Stella in Bennett’s eyes.
Overwhelmed with emotion, she shouted, “You fell in love with Stella, didn’t you? Even if Stella were still alive, you couldn’t take her from Matthew.
”
Bennett responded with indifference, “Whatever you say.
”
Tears formed in Joann’s eyes.
Determined not to give up, she asked, “Bennett, do you even have a heart? I love you the most! Why would you treat me this way? Stella… What’s so special about her?”
Bennett did not wish to discuss his feelings for Stella, maintaining a cold tone.
“Is that enough? If so, move.
I need to drive.
”
Joann looked at Bennett’s cold manner, feeling deep pain from his indifference.
“Bennett, why must you treat me this way? We were nearly married.
”
Without even glancing her way, Bennett replied, “You know exactly how you got that chance.
Why bring up such pointless matters now?”
With those words, Bennett shove
d her aside, slammed the door shut, and drove off without hesitation.
“Bennett!” Joann’s eyes filled with tears.
She tried to follow the car, but her legs couldn’t keep up.
She stumbled and fell to the ground.
She attempted to push herself up, but pain shot through her hand, caught by the car door a moment ago, making it impossible for her to stand.
Her shoulders shook as anger built within her.
She blamed Stella for everything.
If Stella hadn’t come into their lives, Bennett wouldn’t have treated her with such cruelty.
Stella had charmed him from the start!
Now that Stella was gone, she found herself without anyone to direct her anger toward.
Joann lifted her gaze to the heavens, clenched her teeth, and shouted, “Stella, you heartless wretch! Even in death, you disturb the peace of others.
”
###chapter1998
After concluding her conversation with Matthew, Stella turned around and found Neville standing there.
Perhaps due to their long history together, Neville and Miley began to resemble each other more and more, even mirroring each other’s expressions of gossip perfectly.
Stella’s face flushed with embarrassment.
Nevertheless, Neville stood there, his usual smile in place as he joked, “Were you on the phone with Matthew?”
Stella nodded as a blush painted her cheeks.
Neville shrugged.
“I knew it.
Gosh, he’s too needy.
I wonder what made you fall in love with him.
”
“He’s fine.
” Stella smiled even though his remark made her shy.
Reflecting on Neville’s consistent support during this time, she added gratefully, “Thank you for everything lately.
Your presence means a lot to us.
I wonder if Miley will start to worry.
”
Miley must have been extremely anxious after such a major accident occurred.
However, the issue with Kristian remained unresolved, making it difficult for Stella to reach out to the outside world and reassure Miley of her safety, especially since it could potentially disrupt Matthew’s plan.
“I told Miley that I’m on a business trip.
If she gets angry with me when we eventually tell her the truth, you’ll have to explain everything to her for me,” Neville said, sighing resignedly.
“Of course,” replied Stella.
“If she finds out I lied to her, she’ll definitely be upset.
But then again, who knows? If she understands I did it to protect you, maybe she’ll even thank me,” he mused uncertainly.
Neville grew excited when he spoke about Miley.
His relaxed tone was comforting.
After chatting with him for a while, Stella found herself feeling much better.
As the two spoke, Bella descended the stairs.
Noticing that she didn’t look well, Stella put a hand on her shoulder and asked, “What’s wrong? Are you not feeling well?”
She reached out to feel Bella’s body temperature but the latter stopped her.
“Come to my room,” Bella said, casting a strange look.
“I have to tell you something.
”
With that, she turned around and left.
Stella glanced at Neville, and the two exchanged confused looks.
Stella immediately followed Bella without thinking twice.
In her room, Bella settled at the foot of the bed.
Stella approached slowly.
She still remembered Bella was visibly frightened when they were brought here.
However, in that tense moment, mo one had thought to conduct a physical examination for Bella.
Stella became worried when she thought about it.
###chapter1999
Bella looked up at her and asked, “Why have we been staying here all these days? Is something going on? Does it have anything to do with Kristian?”
Bella finally voiced the question that had been weighing on her mind.
Since moving into this villa, she had sensed that something was amiss.
The constant presence of so many guards only seemed to confirm her suspicions.
She pondered for a while and tentatively speculated that it might be because of something Kristian had done, though she wasn’t certain.
Therefore, she decided to summon Stella and inquire about it.
Stella knew she couldn’t conceal the truth indefinitely, and Bella would inevitably question it sooner or later.
However, she didn’t want Bella to become too anxious about the situation.
“Yeah, something’s come up.
But don’t stress about it,” Stella said gently.
“Matthew’s on top of things.
Once it’s sorted, we’ll head back home.
”
Bella pursed her lips.
Stella’s evasive gaze made her strongly believe it must be related to Kristian.
She clasped Stella’s hand and earnestly requested, “Please let Matthew know that if Kristian is at fault, he can handle the situation as he sees fit.
There’s no need to show mercy because of me.
”
Stella’s chest constricted when she heard that.
Stella interpreted Bella’s words as a sign that she still held some level of concern or care for Kristian.
She couldn’t fathom the conse
quences if Bella were to discover that she had been deceived all these years.
Stella wished for Bella to stay here, in this villa forever.
That way, she would never have to face the painful reality.
Seeing Stella was silent, Bella asked, “Did you hear what I said?”
Stella snapped back to reality and replied in a flat tone, “Yeah.
I’ll pass on your message to him.
”
In the evening, at RK Bar’s secluded room, Emil grinned as he toasted.
“Congratulations, Kristian.
Your dream has come true.
”
Kristian lifted his glass to meet Emil’s.
“Thank you for your support, Emil.
This happiness is ours to share!”
The two enjoyed their time, sipping drinks and engaging in conversation.
Around others, Kristian often showed signs of grief over the loss of his wife and daughter, but tonight, no such sorrow was apparent.
Setting his glass down, Kristian got to the point.
“Our joint project should wrap up in about a week.
When it does, let’s get the movie released and the money will be laundered.
”
Emil chuckled, his admiration clear.
“You’ve got guts, Kristian, and you’re sharp too.
Working with someone as astute as you is genuinely rewarding.
I’m looking forward to more collaborations.
”
Everyone enjoys a good compliment, especially when feeling self- satisfied.
Pleased by Emil’s words and slightly tipsy, Kristian embraced him and called him “buddy.
”
His speech slightly slurred, Kristian continued, “You’re too modest.
We’re buddies, aren’t we? From now on, what’s mine is yours too.
”
###chapter2000
Emil wrapped an arm around Kristian’s shoulders.
“I appreciate that, bro.
”
Despite the wine, Kristian’s mind remained sharp.
He smiled and shared his plans.
“Now that Stella is gone and Matthew has lost interest in his work, I’m in charge of this project.
Once we’re done here, we’ll move on to the next one.
Our careers are only going to grow.
”
Emil, less affected by the alcohol, listened intently, his mind racing.
He replied with humility, “I’m with you all the way.
Just give the word, and I’ll act.
”
Kristian’s face lit up with self-satisfaction at Emil’s flattery.
He felt as if the tables had turned completely.
Now, he was the one commanding respect, a far cry from the days when he was the overlooked Ethan.
With high spirits about the future, the conversation flowed freely between them until it was time to part.
Kristian then headed home.
He was in high spirits until he opened his door and saw that the lights inside were already on.
The sight nearly sobered him up instantly.
He was sure he hadn’t left the lights on.
Could Stella and Bella have returned somehow?
A chill ran down his spine as he quickly dismissed the thought.
Stepping uneasily into the living room, Kristian’s tension eased when he saw Elizabeth seated on the sofa.
Despite his relief, the memory of his previous fright fueled his irritation.
With a stern expression, he questioned, “Why are you here?”
“Can’t I be here?” Elizabeth retorted sharply.
She frowned, catching the scent of alcohol on Kristian.
Remembering how she was trapped in the house in Dorburn while Kristian roamed freely, she snapped, “Why did you keep Bella’s and Stella’s deaths a secret from me?”
After falling out with Bella, Elizabeth had been sent back to Dorburn.
In her heart, she had already severed all ties with Bella.
Bella’s passing didn’t stir any sadness in her.
To Elizabeth, Bella’s heartless actions justified a grim fate.
Yet, Elizabeth had been striving for Bella’s wealth.
She wouldn’t let Kristian claim it all for himself.
Her eyes blazing, Elizabeth accused, “If I hadn’t stumbled upon the news, would you have just taken all the property for yourself?”
Elizabeth knew Kristian’s greed all too well.
Though his scheme was exposed, Kristian kept his composure.
###chapter2001
He was aware of how much Elizabeth knew.
Everything was currently favorable for him.
A falling out with her would be detrimental.
Kristian attempted to soothe her.
“Be patient.
Bella and Stella have just passed.
We must act cautiously to avoid arousing Matthew’s suspicions.
You know how perceptive he can be.
He’d suspect me right away.
If he uncovers anything, we’ll lose everything.
Worse, we could end up in jail.
”
He painted a dire picture, making Elizabeth pause to consider his point.
Still angry, she insisted, “You still should have told me.
I had every right to know, didn’t 1?”
Kristian firmly disagreed.
“No, I think it’s best if you leave now.
”
Elizabeth’s expression shifted abruptly, her eyes narrowing.
“What do you mean? Are you trying to send me away?”
She did not trust Kristian.
As he noticed her temper flaring, Kristian quickly interjected, “Just hear me out for a moment.
Think about how you arrived here.
Didn’t they assign a whole squad to keep tabs on you?”
Prompted by his words, Elizabeth reflected on her daring escape.
She had first heard of Bella’s and Stella’s deaths through the very people assigned to watch her.
Without any communication from Kristian, her immediate instinct was to verify the truth of the matter herself.
No rumors of Stella and Bella circulated in Dorburn, compelling her to return to Seamarsh to confirm the details firsthand.
Yet, the surveillance was tight, making departure seem impossible.
Ultimately, she had no choice bu
t to escape through a window, and she even exchanged her jewelry for plane fare at the airport.
She withheld this information from Kristian.
“I found my own way.
That’s none of your concern,” she declared firmly.
“You sneaked out, didn’t you?” Kristian asked, his gaze piercing as if he could see right through her.
Elizabeth remained silent, her silence serving as her confession.
Kristian’s voice lowered as he warned, “No one has noticed your absence yet.
You should return before they do.
We’ve come too far to fail now.
Do you really want our years of planning to go to waste?”
Elizabeth’s expression darkened further.
“Stop trying to scare me with those words.
Bella was the one who confined me in Dorburn.
Now that she’s dead, I no longer have to listen to anyone.
I’m staying right here, and I won’t let you lay a finger on my share!”
Kristian had been in high spirits earlier, drinking more than usual, which now clouded his judgment slightly.
Still, he recognized the danger Elizabeth represented and knew he couldn’t allow her to remain.
After thinking for a moment, he devised a strategy.
With a cunning smile, Kristian suggested, “All of Bella’s assets are tied up in Dorburn, I need to return there to sort out the legal matters.
Staying here serves you no purpose.
You’ll just end up worrying me.
Besides, if you stay, Matthew might uncover our plans.
”
Elizabeth remained silent, clearly swayed by Kristian’s argument.
###chapter2002
the lawyer beforehand.
Once I arrive, we’ll sort out the paperwork straight away.
That way, you’ll see I’m on your side.
Agreed?”
After a moment of contemplation, Elizabeth responded with a stern warning.
“You better not be scheming anything.
You know how much I detest being deceived.
If I catch even a hint of treachery, I’ll make sure you regret it.
”
Her interests were clear: money and a comfortable life.
Family ties and parental affection held no value to her.
A fleeting chill crossed Kristian’s gaze, but he masked it with a feigned warmth.
“No worries at all.
We’re family, after all.
I’ll look after you.
Don’t overthink things.
We’ll split everything down the middle.
”
Elizabeth gave a dismissive snort.
Patiently, Kristian secured the next available flight and arranged for someone to escort her to the airport.
As Elizabeth climbed into the car and departed, the facade of Kristian’s smile vanished, his face hardening as sobriety fully returned.
He watched the car pull away with a scowl.
“Damn it,” he muttered under his breath.
The arrival of Elizabeth had been an unwelcome reminder of an ongoing issue.
This fool, who had previously contributed nothing, now threatened his stability and eyed half of his hard-earned fortune.
Such delusional thinking.
Kristian’s gaze grew colder.
He resolved that Elizabeth needed to be dealt with swiftly.
Meanwhile, elsewhere, Matthew received an update from Neville.
In a grave tone, Neville reported, “Elizabeth has made her way back to Seamarsh.
”
With a steely tone, Neville continued, “My contact in Dorburn discovered that Elizabeth had covertly returned to Seamarsh
.
The moment she disembarked from the plane, she sought out Kristian.
They are treading very carefully.
I have no idea what they discussed.
After their rendezvous, Elizabeth got into a car and left, apparently heading to the airport.
I suspect she is returning to Dorburn.
”
Matthew absorbed this in silence for a beat.
As far as the public was concerned, Bella and Stella were deceased.
Elizabeth’s abrupt return from Dorburn had to be tied to this situation.
“What’s our next move? Should we just let Elizabeth slip away?”
Neville asked.
Matthew didn’t respond right away.
Kristian was a wily old fox.
He never engaged in pointless actions.
His rush to send Elizabeth off had to mean something.
After a brief contemplation, Matthew murmured, “Stop Elizabeth and take her to Basement No.
7.
”
“Basement No.
7?” Neville was taken aback.
###chapter2003
That place was notorious.
Corporate spies infiltrating Prosperity Group had been secretly detained there.
After their interrogations, they emerged psychologically shattered.
Even prison seemed a more palatable option than Basement No.
7.
It had been out of use for years.
Yet, Matthew was sending Elizabeth there now.
His seriousness was unmistakable.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Just do as I said,” Matthew repeated, his tone brooking no argument.
Neville nodded seriously.
“Understood.
”
Ending the call, Matthew stepped out.
Meanwhile, Elizabeth was in her car, eyes glued to her phone.
Earlier, news of Stella and Bella’s accident had been all over the media.
But then, it vanished overnight.
Clearly, someone had pulled strings.
Despite the cover-up, it was big news involving Stella, so curiosity lingered.
People continued sharing the story covertly.
A blurry photo surfaced of Matthew participating in a seaside rescue operation.
Despite its lack of clarity, Matth
ew’s suited figure was unmistakable among the rescue crew.
Elizabeth scrolled through the news, already plotting her next moves after inheriting Bella’s assets.
She couldn’t suppress a smile.
Just then, the car lurched violently.
Thrown forward by the sudden motion, her mood soured instantly.
With a scowl, Elizabeth berated the driver, “Can you even drive properly?”
The driver was startled.
Before he could respond, the car was hit again from behind.
This time, Elizabeth felt certain it was deliberate.
She unbuckled her seatbelt, ready to confront whoever was behind this.
But abruptly, several cars swerved past her, one halting directly in front, blocking any escape.
Elizabeth was momentarily paralyzed with shock.
A door swung open from the blocking car, and a tall, imposing figure emerged, a hammer in hand.
Without a word, he approached Elizabeth’s window, raising the hammer high.
The hammer’s impact shattered the window with a jarring sound.
Elizabeth screamed, hands flying to her ears.
###chapter2004
Panic flooded her.
The window gave way in seconds.
The man reached in, unlatched the door, and yanked Elizabeth out roughly.
“What do you think you’re doing? Who the hell are you?” Elizabeth clung to the car door, struggling.
“If you harm me, my father will make you regret it!”
The man, clad in black and wearing sunglasses, was in no mood for conversation.
He barked, “Shut up and move!”
With a rougher tug, he dragged the protesting Elizabeth to his car.
“Let me go! Let go! Who the hell are you? What do you want?”
Elizabeth demanded, panic rising.
She was hurled onto the back seat of the front car.
Desperately, she tried to bolt, but the man blocked her exit.
The door slammed shut.
The car sped away.
A black cloth soon covered her eyes.
Terror surged through her.
She kept screaming questions but she was met with silence.
Eventually, exhaustion silenced her, but the fear intensified.
Her hands, clasped tightly, were drenched in sweat.
A million possibilities raced through her mind.
Was it Kristian? Did the bast
ard pretend to arrange for her return to Dorburn, only to send these men to catch her so that he could take all of Bella’s assets?
But it was unnecessary and reckless.
They’d been seen on the open road.
Kristian wouldn’t risk such a brazen move.
But if not Kristian, then who?
The car came to a stop.
A pair of rough hands dragged her out.
Although blindfolded, her other senses heightened.
A door creaked open, and cold air washed over her.
Goosebumps erupted as she was pushed into a room.
“What’s this place? Why am I here?” Elizabeth demanded, her voice rising with each question.
But she heard no response.
Roughly, she was hauled to a towering chair, her feet dangling helplessly above the floor.
As her wrists were bound behind the chair back, she lost all her composure.
“Bastard!” she screamed, struggling against her restraints.
“Let me go! What do you want? Money? I can give you anything!”
Her threats and pleas fell on deaf ears.
Desperation surged through her as she thrashed, her feet searching for solid ground.
Instead, they found only a cold, wet substance.
“Ah!” A blood-curdling scream tore from her lips.
Cold sweat beaded on her brow as terror consumed her.
“What is this? You’ll pay for this! I swear!”
Her body shook uncontrollably, tears streaming down her face.
###chapter2005
As she cursed and wept, the sound of approaching footsteps echoed in the confined space.
“Are you the one who brought me here?” She strained to see through the blindfold.
Matthew stood before her, his expression cold and indifferent.
“Why did you come to see Kristian?” Fernando’s voice cut through the silence.
Fear and her Limited interaction with Fernando made it difficult for Elizabeth to recognize the speaker.
She forced a calm exterior.
“Kristian is my father.
Why can’t I visit him?”
A flicker of relief ignited within her.
These people weren’t Kristian’s men.
She began regaining a bit of confidence.
“My father won’t let you go when he finds out.
You’ll regret crossing him.
Let me go now.
”
As she rambled, she sensed someone drawing closer to her.
Her heart pounded in her chest.
Then, something cold and wet brushed against her face.
“Ah!” A shriek erupted from her throat.
Her body stiffened with terror.
“What… what’s that? Don’t play games with me, or you’ll regret it!”
However, Fernando was unimpressed by her bravado.
His voice was ice as he replied, “Stop wasting time.
I’ll give you one more chance to confess before I have my men release this snake.
”
Snake? The word sent a chill down Elizabeth’s spine.
Terror seized her, and her body trembled uncontrollably.
Fernando didn’t give her a moment to collect herself.
“I will count to three.
If you don’t confess, blame yourself for what m
ight happen.
Now, one, two…”
Panic closed in around Elizabeth.
Her lips were clamped shut, her mind racing.
“Do it!” Fernando barked.
Elizabeth’s final defense line crumbled.
She shook her head frantically.
“No, I’ll speak! I’ll tell you everything!”
The following day began with no information about Stella and Bella’s location.
A grim realization settled in the hearts of everyone—the two were presumed lost forever.
Nevertheless, Matthew held onto the hope that Stella and Bella were merely missing, his heart unwilling to accept their passing.
To those around him, Matthew’s belief stemmed from his deep affection for his wife, a futile denial of the harsh truth.
Meanwhile, Kristian met with his attorney, Rodney Hinks.
The previous night, he had deceived Elizabeth into returning to Dorburn, ensuring Rodney’s timely presence in Seamarsh.
Elizabeth’s reaction upon discovering the deceit in Dorburn was of no concern to Kristian.
His sole focus was on the property transfer documents Rodney had prepared.
Signing them would transfer all of Bella’s assets to him.
###chapter2006
If Elizabeth exhibited any further erratic behavior in his presence, he would promptly have her committed to a mental institution.
Rodney laid out the documents before Kristian.
“Bella’s death hasn’t been confirmed,” he said hesitantly.
“Shouldn’t we wait until we have more certainty before settling her assets?”
Kristian’s brow furrowed deeply, his voice tinged with barely contained irritation.
“We’ve searched for days and found nothing.
How could she possibly still be alive? I’ve already lost my family.
My only desire now is to resolve these affairs and find solitude in my grief.
”
Rodney’s eyes locked onto Kristian’s, recognizing the profound torment etched into his expression, as though he longed to follow Bella into the afterlife.
Without uttering another word, Rodney extended the documents to Kristian.
Kristian’s gaze settled on the papers, adrenaline surging through his veins.
One swift stroke of the pen would bring years of careful plotting to culmination, granting him untold riches.
At last, he would ascend above all who had ever doubted him.
As Kristian’s hand inched toward the pen, a thunderous crash shattered the silence as the door burst open.
He recoiled instinctively, his eyes darting up to see Elizabeth sprawled on the floor, her hair wild and disheveled.
“Remember this,” she snarled.
“You will pay for your mistreatment!”
Elizabeth’s behavior grew increasingly erratic, bordering on insanity.
Behind her, Matthew stood, his face a cold mask of anger.
Alarm shot through Kristian as he sprang to his feet.
What were Elizabeth and Matthew doing together, and why was Elizabeth so distraught? A torrent of questions flooded his mind.
Attempting to conceal his anxiety, Kristian forced a nervous chuckle.
“Matthew, what’s happening? Why is Elizabeth with you?” he inquired, his voice betraying his discomfort.
Suppressing his internal turmoil, he furrowed his brow and assumed a commanding presence.
“Is she causing trouble again? Don’t worry, I’ll have her sent back to Dorburn immediately.
She’ll be under strict supervision.
”
In the depths of his mind, Kristian had silently cursed Elizabeth innumerable times for her incompetence and irksome behavior.
Despite the turmoil raging within, he had to project an image of calm.
Through their previous interactions, Matthew had already recognized Kristian’s deceitful nature.
As he walked resolutely toward Kristian, Matthew’s eyes landed on a document haphazardly placed on the desk.
Kristian’s heart sank as his instincts urged him to seize it, but Matthew was faster.
He grabbed it before Kristian could touch it.
“Property transfer…” Matthew read aloud, each word heavy with intention.
Matthew’s tone was cold, his sharp gaze cutting into Kristian like knives.
Caught between the urge to stand his ground and the impulse to squirm, Kristian struggled.
He yearned to snatch the document and flee, yet something restrained him.
Mustering every ounce of bravery, Kristian confronted Matthew, clarifying, “You’re mistaken, Matthew.
Bella and I had some wonderful times in Dorburn.
It pains me to lose her just like that.
I just want to handle her assets in Dorburn fast so that Bella and Stella would rest in peace.
”
As a tear rolled down his cheek, he continued, “I’m doing this for the good of everyone.
”
Kristian’s earnestness was tangible, reminiscent of a loyal husband mourning his deceased wife.
His acting prowess was truly beginning to shine.
###chapter2007
“Really?” Matthew’s sneer was cutting.
“That’s not the tale your daughter Elizabeth told.
”
Aware of Elizabeth’s unreliability, Kristian retorted sharply, “Why would you believe her word? Ever since we found out she drugged Bella, we only acknowledge Stella as our daughter.
”
Matthew’s face remained a mask, giving nothing away.
Kristian’s heart pounded with the urgency of his nearing goal.
He couldn’t afford to see his plans unravel.
He went on, “You may not be aware, but Elizabeth’s been acting irrational since she was confined in Dorburn.
She believes everyone’s out to get her and even turns violent toward Bella and me.
How can you trust someone who’s lost it?”
No sooner had Kristian finished his plea than Elizabeth’s voice filled the room, captured by Fernando’s recorder.
“Kristian and I orchestrated everything.
We had previously drugged Bella, aiming to seize control of her and her wealth.
Kristian was also the puppeteer behind it all.
And Haley? He sent her to keep Stella and Bella from reconnecting,” Elizabeth confessed, her voice laced with panic as she divulged their scheme.
“Kristian’s the architect of our plans, primarily coveting Bella’s wealth.
If you doubt my words, investigate on your own.
But I assure you, I’m telling the truth.
”
The recording abruptly ended, leaving Kristian visibly shaken.
He attempted a feeble smile and said, “That’s just nonsense! Matthew, you’re too perceptive to buy into her fabrications, right? Bella insisted on Elizabeth’s return to Dorburn, and Elizabeth is merely resentful because I didn’t support her.
She’s just trying to smear my name out of spite.
”
His expression turned mournfu
l as he continued, “Matthew, Stella and Bella are no Longer here.
It’s just us mow.
You have to trust me.
Otherwise, why am I even here?”
Matthew observed Kristian’s charade with cold indifference.
It seemed Kristian had perfected his role over the years, effortlessly weaving elaborate tales.
As Kristian concluded, Matthew inquired, “Have you always been such a skilled actor, Ethan Vance?”
Caught off guard by the use of “Ethan,” Kristian was utterly flustered.
Matthew locked eyes with Kristian, his voice steady.
“You know who Aarya Moore is, right?”
Kristian paled at the mention.
Trying to maintain his composure was harder when Ethan’s name came up, sending his thoughts racing.
Matthew continued, relentless, “The mastermind who got Haley to pretend to be Stella’s mother was also named Ethan Vance.
”
At this, Kristian’s panic surged.
This was the secret he had been guarding.
He knew if the conversation continued, he was doomed.
“Stop!” Kristian interrupted sharply.
“What’s your plan with all this? Ethan? Aarya? I don’t know what you’re talking about.
”
Matthew’s gaze was piercing and cold.
Feeling the intensity of Matthew’s stare cutting through him like ice, Kristian clenched his teeth and said, “Whatever you’re aiming for, just drop it.
I don’t want to fall out with you, especially not after losing Bella and Stella.
If we can’t trust each other, maybe it’s best we cut ties now.
”
Matthew remained composed, his expression unmoved.
He smirked slightly.
“If you don’t want to discuss the past, let’s consider whether the plane crash was really just an accident.
”
Kristian was adamant.
“It was an accident, I swear.
”
###chapter2008
Then, turning defensive, he challenged Matthew, “Are you accusing me? Stella and Bella are my family! How could I ever harm them? They’re gone, and you’re here picking fights? Why are you always against me?”
Matthew wasn’t taken aback by Kristian’s denial.
He stated, “On the evening before Stella and Bella departed, I came across Phil Sampson.
”
Kristian’s expression remained impassive, yet internally, he was in turmoil.
After all, it was Phil whom he had tasked with securing the private plane, all orchestrated discreetly.
How had Matthew uncovered this?
Kristian’s hands were clammy; he forced himself to maintain composure.
Matthew’s tone was icy as he demanded, “Hearing your name from him caught me off guard.
What do you have to say for yourself?”
The memory of that chilling encounter still lingered with Matthew.
Had he not been vigilant, Stella could have faced grave peril.
Kristian was ruthless, and Matthew was determined not to let him off the hook.
Facing a speechless Kristian, Matthew pressed on, “Out with it, will you? Here, let me spell it out for you.
You orchestrated a sabotage on the private plane, aiming to eliminate Stella and Bella.
Your goal? To ascend as the primary heir to Bella’s fortune and carve out a reputation for yourself.
”
Matthew’s gaze pierced through Kristian, stripping away any facade of innocence.
ALL of Kristian’s covert maneuvers, which he believed were executed perfectly, were now exposed.
Gasping for breath, Kristian continued to feign ignorance.
“I… I have no idea what you’re implying.
This is absurd.
You’re just trying to frame me!”
Matthew held his silence.
His attorney, adjusting his spectacles, intervened.
“Kristian, Mr.
Clark is suing you for attempted murder.
We suggest you prepare to defend yourself in court if you wish to dispute these charges.
”
The lawyer’s remarks left Kristian’s pride thoroughly bruised.
This indicated that Matthew had irrefutable evidence.
In a state of shock, Kristian scrambled for words, and then realized something was amiss.
“Attempted murder? What are you implying?” Kristian managed to sputter out.
Hadn’t Stella and Bella perished?
Kristian harbored a daring suspicion.
Just then, Bella entered, leaning on Stella for support, confirming Kristian’s theory.
He instinctively stepped back, pointing at them with disbelief.
Stella and Bella, alive? How was that possible?
Upon seeing them, Elizabeth snapped out of her trance and flew into a rage.
###chapter2009
She fixed a fierce glare on Stella and yelled, “You were supposed to be dead! Why are you still here? You deserve to die!”
Clap!
Before she could say another word, Bella’s hand connected sharply with Elizabeth’s face.
“You…” Elizabeth lunged forward, her face a mask of fury as the bodyguards swiftly intervened.
Clutching her cheek, she seethed, “Why did you hit me? You’re all monsters, deserving of death!”
Her voice, thick with rage, echoed menacingly around the room.
How she wished she could strangle Bella and Stella to death now!
Days of isolation had driven her to the edge of sanity.
Elizabeth had banked on Bella’s demise bringing her freedom and riches, never anticipating the return of both Bella and Stella, defying her darkest expectations.
Ignoring Elizabeth’s outburst, Bella calmly walked over to Kristian, leaving Stella behind.
Kristian, recovering his poise, fretted over how much of his discussion with Matthew Bella had caught.
However, his concerns eased slightly, knowing Bella’s trust in him would sway Matthew’s actions.
As he wrapped his arms around her, relief and astonishment colored his voice.
“I can’t believe you’re still here! We all thought we’d lost you, and I’ve been heartbroken.
”
His words flowed earnestly, though Bella responded with silence, her expression unreadable.
Kristian faltered briefly, and then pleaded, “Bella, trust me.
My love for you hasn’t wavered, despite what they say.
”
Her eyes, calm yet probing, seemed to search his soul for sincerity.
Sweat tinged Kristian’s pal
ms as he recalled Bella’s compassionate nature, his hope rekindLing.
Grasping her hand, he continued, “We’ve built so much together-our business, your fame as a designer.
Doesn’t that speak louder than any rumor?”
Memories of their shared past lingered in Bella’s mind.
There were beautiful, and they also kindled a fragile hope.
She held his gaze, her voice soft yet firm.
“I want to believe you, but I need the truth.
Who is Ethan and who am I?”
Kristian’s heart plummeted.
Bella heard it all.
Yet, he wasn’t ready to confess.
He protested, “Bella, why are you siding with Matthew? I swear, I’m in the dark about the people he mentioned.
He’s fabricating tales to tarnish my reputation.
”
Disappointment was etched deeply on Bella’s face as she looked at him.
With a frown, Kristian pleaded, “Bella, we’ve weathered so many storms together.
My love for you is nothing but genuine.
How can you let the words of an outsider drive a wedge between us?”
Bella wished with all her heart that Kristian was innocent, but the evidence was glaringly undeniable.
###chapter2010
She pulled out the photograph Matthew had given her and placed it before Kristian.
“Take a good look at this.
”
As Kristian’s eyes widened in shock, Bella continued, “I’ve seen this man in your wallet.
If you truly don’t know him, why carry a photo of strangers among your personal effects?”
Kristian’s mind raced, yet he found no words.
He had no clue where Matthew got that photo, and he was at a loss for words.
His silence confirmed Bella’s worst fears.
Tears brimmed in Bella’s eyes, and she could no longer hold them back.
Overwhelmed by betrayal, she slapped Kristian hard across the face.
“How could you deceive me like this? I entrusted you with my heart.
Why would you betray me so cruelly?”
The revelation hit Bella like a ton of bricks; she might have been living a lie for the past several years.
The thought sent sharp pains through her head as the ground seemed to shift beneath her.
“Tell me, Kristian.
Who am I
really? And who is Stella’s father?”
Her voice trembled with the weight of her doubts, doubts about everything they had shared.
Seeing Bella’s shattered trust, Kristian knew there was no coming back from this.
With Matthew and his bodyguards looming, he felt cornered, trapped.
If his crimes reached the courts, it would be his undoing.
Kristian’s mind raced for a way out.
As his gaze darted around the room, it landed on a knife used for opening envelops.
Desperation clawed at his judgment, and in a moment of madness, he grabbed Bella, pressing the knife to her throat.
Stella gasped, her voice laced with fear.
“Kristian, stop! What are you doing? Don’t make things worse!”
“Shut up!” Kristian snarled, his eyes blazing with anger as he turned to Matthew.
“Get me a car, now! I need to get out of here safely, or she’s dead!”
He tightened his grip on the knife, and a trickle of blood began to seep down Bella’s neck.
“No!” Stella’s plea was desperate.
“Please, calm down.
We’ll do it.
”
Matthew’s face was a mask of fury, yet he gave the command, “Do it.
”
At Matthew’s command, his men sprang into action, swiftly preparing a car for Kristian’s desperate escape.
With Bella as his unwilling hostage, Kristian shoved her into the car and sped away, the tires screeching a harsh farewell on the asphalt.
###chapter2011
Stella watched in horror as the car carrying Bella vanished into the distance, her heart sinking with each fleeting second.
Tears welled up in her eyes, blurring her vision.
Matthew took her hand gently, offering a semblance of comfort in the chaos.
“It’s okay, Stella.
We’ll get her back,” he assured.
Stella nodded, gathering her resolve.
Together, they climbed into another car, accompanied by Matthew’s bodyguards.
The engines roared to life as they set off in hot pursuit of Kristian.
Kristian sped off, ignoring the red lights.
His car roared crazily, just like his mind at the moment.
He didn’t care about traffic violations anymore.
He could not go to jail or fall into Matthew’s hands.
Otherwise, he would be doomed.
He had spent so much time, effort, and energy to get to where he was today.
From being a nobody, he became someone respected and feared by many.
He was loved in Dorburn.
How could he give up everything he worked hard for that easily?
Kristian looked at Bella in the back seat through the rearview mirror.
Fear was written all over her face, and her eyes widened in shock.
But he didn’t pity her.
His eyes turned red as he snapped angrily, “After so many years, you are still as cheap as ever.
”
Every word he said was squeezed out from between his teeth.
It was as if he wanted to purge those years of pent-up anger, frustration, and resentment.
Kristian’s grip on the steering wheel tightened as if he was strangling Bella’s neck.
He said with a strong sense of viciousness, “If you had chosen me over that man, I wouldn’t have messed up my life.
I wouldn’t have conspired with someone to cause a car accident to bring you to Dorburn.
”
At this moment, all the love he felt for her was replaced by a burning hatred.
Bella didn’t hear a word Kristi
an said.
The car was so fast that she panicked, and many terrifying images flooded her mind.
She inexplicably felt a sense of familiarity.
Her body trembled uncontroLlably.
Kristian smiled sinisterly and continued, “Are you scared? If you died in that crash, you wouldn’t have to go through this.
I’ve always loved you.
But after all these years, you never gave me a chance.
Aside from being richer than me, what else does he have? Why does he still own your heart? Why can’t you forget him?”
‘s BunnyBookery
The smile on his face faded and was replaced by pure resentment.
He said fiercely, “But it doesn’t matter now.
No one else can have you.
This time, we will die together.
Then, we will never be apart again.
”
For Kristian, he’d rather die than rot in jail.
Kristian had no idea that the car was equipped with a complete surveillance system.
So, Matthew and Stella clearly heard every word he said.
But at this moment, they could only think about Bella’s safety.
Stella pursed her lips tightly, and her eyes turned red.
“What should we do? It seems he wants Bella and him to die together.
”
Matthew didn’t say anything.
His face was cold, and he looked tense.
Stella reached out and held his hand tightly.
She continued, “The car is going farther and farther.
Kristian drives like crazy.
If this goes on, something will really happen.
”
She was nervous and worried at the same time.
Matthew squeezed her hand to comfort her.
Then, he started to mobilize his people to chase Kristian.
He ordered, “Find a way to stop the car.
”
###chapter2012
Fernando’s brows furrowed tightly.
“The problem is, there’s only one road here.
There is no way we can overtake him.
The only way to stop him is to drive from the opposite direction and meet him.
”
As soon as Fernando said this, a huge truck appeared in front of Kristian’s car.
Stella’s heart skipped a beat when she saw this.
The next moment, the screeching of tires and violent collisions between metals were heard one after another.
It was ear-splitting and horrifying.
Matthew and Stella’s car was in the middle of the convoy.
When the accident happened, Matthew’s instincts kicked in, his sturdy frame acting as a protective shield around Stella as Fernando sprang into action with determined urgency.
Fortunately, the car’s advanced safety features had absorbed the impact, leaving all of them unharmed.
When Stella finally witnessed the wreckage in front of them, she was paralyzed with shock.
Time seemed to stand still as the ringing in her ears gradually subsided, leaving her to face the devastation ahead.
“Mom,” Stella whispered, her voice trembling with fear as she tried to steady herself.
Her instinct was to leap out of the car and reach Bella immediately.
Bella and Kristian’s car had been directly in the truck’s path, caught in the wreck now scattered before her.
Stella’s hands shook uncontrollably, her fingers struggling to grip the door handle.
“Please stay here,” Matthew urged, his voice firm yet filled with concern as he tried to hold her back.
“I’ll go with Fernando.
We’ll find out what’s happening and keep you updated.
”
After the horrific crash, it felt as if everyone’s heart was crushed beneath a heavy boulder.
Fear and uncertainty hung heavy in the air, and Matthew was desperate to protect Stella from the grim scene outside.
Stella, however, was stubborn.
Fear and determination mingled in her eyes as she shook her head.
“I have to go,” she insisted.
“It’s my mom out there.
I need to see her for myself.
I’m not fragile.
I need to know she’s okay, no matte
r what.
”
Matthew knew he couldn’t change her mind.
With a heavy sigh, he helped her out of the car, his concern evident as he guided her toward the chaotic scene.
The bodyguards’ cars ahead were a crumpled mess, their metal frames twisted grotesquely.
The sight was devastating.
Guards who had survived were working frantically, their uniforms smeared with blood as they pulled out the injured.
Stella’s heart raced as she scanned the area, desperately searching for Bella.
Unable to find her, she quickened her pace, her anxiety escalating with each step.
A guard sprinted toward them, his face etched with concern.
“Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark, the situation up front is severe.
The guardrail is completely shattered, and it looks like the first car might have plunged over the cliff due to the truck’s collision.
Our team is currently investigating the scene.
”
The car… plunged over the cliff?
Stella’s entire body trembled as she processed the horrifying news.
Matthew enveloped her in a tight embrace, his arms steady and reassuring.
“Bella’s been through so much before, and she’s always managed to pull through,” he said gently.
“This isn’t over yet.
Try not to let worry consume you.
”
Despite his comforting words, Stella seemed lost in her own panic, barely able to focus on anything beyond the fear consuming her.
After such a massive accident, the scene was chaotic.
Even the cars further back were severely damaged, but Bella’s vehicle, being right in the front, was the worst hit.
Stella felt a wave of numbness wash over her; her mind went blank, and she couldn’t make a sound.
###chapter2013
The police arrived shortly and immediately joined the search and rescue efforts.
Three hours felt like an eternity as Stella waited.
Time seemed to stretch until she finally received the news she had been desperately hoping for: Bella had been found.
Without hesitation, she ran toward the scene.
Bella and Kristian were rescued together, but they were both in critical condition.
Bella had bruises scattered across her body, with streaks of blood staining her forehead, arms, and knees.
Kristian’s condition was even more severe; he was drenched in blood from head to toe, his face obscured and unrecognizable due to the extensive injuries.
They needed to get to the hospital as quickly as possible to fully assess their injuries.
The two were carefully placed into the ambulance, and the vehicle sped away, its siren piercing the air.
Matthew stayed close by Stella’s side, his concern evident as they followed the ambulance.
When they arrived at the hospital, the ambulance doors swung open, and a doctor emerged.
“Mr.
Clark,” the doctor began, his voice heavy with concern.
“The man sustained severe injuries.
His left leg was trapped for too long, and unfortunately, due to the delay, he’s missed the crucial window for optimal treatment.
There’s a strong possibility he may never walk on his own again.
”
Matthew said calmly, “It’s not a big deal.
His fate is in the hands of destiny now.
However, if that injured woman’s condition worsens, you don’t have to squander resources trying to save him.
”
The doctor understood the gravity of Matthew’s words immediately.
He sighed quietly but did not dare to .
“Mr.
Clark, we will do everything we can,” he assured.
The operation lasted three
grueling hours.
Bella was finally stable, but Kristian’s leg was irreparably damaged.
Stella received the update without showing any emotion.
She promptly turned and made her way to Bella’s room.
Bella was lying there, unconscious, her complexion pale due to significant blood loss.
A wave of sorrow and guilt surged through Stella.
If she had been more vigilant and kept Bella away from Kristian, the situation might have been different.
Stella sat silently beside Bella’s bed, waiting.
Shortly afterward, a bodyguard entered with news.
“Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark, Kristian is awake and causing trouble in his room.
”
Matthew furrowed his brow and glanced at Stella.
“I’ll take care of it.
You stay here.
”
But remembering Kristian’s role in Bella’s current condition, Stella felt her temper rise.
“I’m coming with you,” she insisted, standing
“Kristian’s condition is precarious.
He might do something drastic.
It’s not safe,” Matthew cautioned.
Stella shook her head firmly, her hands balled into fists.
“I need to confront him about what he’s done!”
Unable to dissuade her, Matthew relented.
As they neared Kristian’s room, his agitated shouts were already audible.
###chapter2014
The bodyguard opened the door, and Stella looked inside.
The man she saw bore little resemblance to the suave businessman she had once known.
Kristian’s face was covered in heavy bandages, giving him a monstrous appearance.
Through the bandages, his gaze found Stella and Matthew, and his eyes gleamed with unhinged fury.
He attempted to rise, but his damaged leg failed him.
Despite his efforts, he could not stand.
Struggling for breath on the edge of the bed, he clenched his fists and let out a pained groan.
Bitterly, he demanded, “You enjoying seeing me like this Before anyone could respond, Kristian lashed out, his anger boiling over.
”
“You did this to me.
I should’ve been tougher back then.
I should’ve paid someone to eliminate you and Bella, so you’d both be gone!”
His words were venomous, and Stella’s anger ignited.
“It wasn’t us who did this to you.
Your ambition and greed are to blame.
You orchestrated your own downfall, trying to harm us step by step, but in the end, you only harmed yourself.
”
No matter how pitiful Kristian looked now, Stella felt no sympathy.
“You only broke one leg, and that’s not enough to make up for what you’ve done.
Remember, you got what you deserved!” Stella spat angrily, her chest heaving.
Especially when she thought about Bella, still unconscious, Stella hated Kristian even more.
Kristian’s face darkened.
Grinning nastily, he said, “I won’t let you off easy.
If I’m not happy, neither will you or Bella! I still have my trump card.
I won’t sit still and wait for death.
”
Neither Matthew nor Stella took Kristian’s bluster to heart.
In their eyes, Kristian, now a shadow of his former self due to his disabilities, lacked the means to follow through on any of his threats.
He was impotent in his rage, a fact they accepted with a dismissive ease.
Just then, the police entered the hospital ward, their expressions unreadable as they approached the bed where Kristian lay.
“Are you Kristian? We have received evidence of your involvement in money laundering.
You need to come with us.
”
Kristian, taken aback by the sudden turn of events, felt his arrogance ebb away as he processed the gravity of the situation.
His eyes flicked to Matthew, suspicion and realization dawning simultaneously.
Had Matthew orchestrated this downfall?
Kristian’s eyes narrowed, his voice icy as he confronted Matthew.
“How long have you known?”
Matthew’s expression remained unreadable.
“From the very first moment we met, I was onto you.
”
A shockwave of realization hit Kristian, leaving him momentarily stunned before he erupted into bitter laughter.
“Excellent…” He repeated the word thrice, his voice laced with sarcasm.
“All this time, you’ve been deceiving me.
Even our so-called business cooperation was a farce.
It was all a trap.
”
Matthew stayed silent, his silence a tacit confirmation.
Kristian’s face contorted with anger.
“Diabolical.
I fell right into your plot.
You’ve outplayed me,” he said, the sting of defeat palpable in his words.
###chapter2015
Kristian never anticipated that after years of maneuvering through the cutthroat business world, he would be outsmarted and undone by someone he considered a junior.
As Kristian’s tirade concluded, his laughter turned manic, tears pooling in the corners of his eyes-an unsettling blend of hysteria and despair.
Once the laughter subsided and a semblance of calm returned to Kristian, Matthew spoke with calculated calmness.
“I didn’t need to do much.
You concealed your identity well.
Despite my efforts, I found nothing.
But you grew too impatient,” he stated flatly.
Locking eyes with Kristian, whose gaze burned with undiluted hatred, Matthew delivered the final blow.
“Your mistake was using your private plane.
That hastened your downfall.
”
By the time Matthew finished, the police were already wheeling a handcuffed Kristian away.
He made no attempt to resist; resignation had set in, knowing any struggle was futile.
As they moved past Matthew and Stella, Kristian, summoning his last reserves of strength, reached out and grabbed Stella’s hand.
Matthew reacted instantly, yanking Kristian’s hand away from Stella’s and stepping protectively in front of her.
Kristian’s voice was low an
d ominous as he clung to his delusions of victory.
“I didn’t lose.
The people who should die are dead, and I’ve had my moments with Bella.
I wouldn’t call that a loss…”
His laugh echoed down the hallway, a distorted sound that drew disapproving frowns from the officers.
Even after Kristian had been taken away, Stella felt a residual disgust for the man whose manic laughter seemed to echo in the corridors.
Shaken, she whispered, “He’s lost it completely.
”
Matthew clasped her hand, his voice gentle but firm.
“Let’s put him out of our minds.
”
They were just leaving the ward when Matthew’s phone rang.
He glanced at the caller ID-Waldo.
Lifting the phone to his ear, he said with evident worry, “Grandpa? What’s going on?”
Waldo’s reply was quiet and heavy.
“Your grandmother has collapsed.
”
Waldo’s somber voice issued a simple command over the phone.
“Come home immediately!”
Matthew hung up, his face etched with worry.
Stella, noticing his distress, pressed for answers.
“What’s wrong? Who was on the Line?”
“It was Grandpa,” Matthew replied, his tone heavy.
“He said Grandma fainted.
”
Stella, momentarily taken aback, quickly followed up with concern.
“Is she in the hospital? Do they know what caused it?”
Shaking his head, Matthew’s voice was tinged with concern and a hint of guilt.
“Grandpa hasn’t mentioned a hospital… I suspect it’s because Grandma heard about your accident.
It’s not her health-it’s the shock.
”
His explanation hinted at deeper, unspoken fears about the fragility of his grandmother’s state.
Stella’s survival was still a tightly held secret, known only to a select few who had been present that day.
###chapter2016
Matthew had explicitly instructed everyone involved to maintain silence about the matter.
Then, how did the news get out?
As he pondered potential leaks, Stella, less burdened by these thoughts, grasped his hand reassuringly.
“I’ll go home with you.
It might comfort Lucia to see me,” she suggested, hope flickering in her voice.
However, her gaze drifted toward Bella’s ward, her concern evident.
Bella, still unconscious, was unaware of the turmoil around her, and the thought of her waking up to solitude weighed on Stella.
Sensing her conflict, Matthew squeezed her hand gently.
“It’s okay.
Stay here with Bella.
I’ll head back and see what’s happening.
Perhaps I’m wrong.
Grandma rarely uses the internet or talks to outsiders; she might not know anything.
”
Stella hesitated, and then nodded in agreement.
“If Lucia really did faint because of me, call me immediately.
I’ll talk to her and reassure her that I’m safe.
”
Matthew gave a slight nod, affirming their plan.
“Okay!”
Stella, considering the broader implications, suggested, “Why don’t we just make a public announcement now? Kristian is arrested, and both Bella and I are safe.
There’s no need to keep the truth from the public anymore.
We can put an end to all the speculation.
”
Her mind drifted to Miley, Alissa, and her colleagues back at the studio, who were undoubtedly fraught with concern over her situation.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Don’t worry, I’ve already instructed Fernando to handle the announcement.
”
With their plan set, Matthew departed f
or the Clark family house.
In Lucia’s room, alongside Waldo and the family’s private doctor, was Lindsay, all gathered around Lucia who remained unconscious on the bed.
When Matthew entered the room and saw Lindsay, his expression instantly turned icy, and he briskly moved past her to address the doctor directly.
“What happened? What caused my grandma to fall unconscious?”
The doctor responded reassuringly, “She became overly emotional, which caused her to faint.
However, her condition has now stabilized.
She should wake up soon.
”
Matthew’s tension eased slightly at the news, but his expression remained somber.
As the doctor provided the update, Lucia began to stir.
Her eyes fluttered open, and upon seeing Matthew, she weakly called out, “Matthew, is that you?”
Rushing to her side, Matthew asked, “Grandma.
How are you feeling now?”
Lucia, gathering a bit of strength, replied, “I’m alright.
”
But her momentary calm quickly gave way to anxiety as she pressed for more information, her voice laden with worry.
“Please, I need to know the truth.
Where’s Stella? Is she safe?”
Matthew held Lucia’s hand and said reassuringly, “Grandma, don’t worry.
She is fine.
”
But Lucia was not convinced.
For her, Matthew was trying to comfort her with a lie.
###chapter2017
She believed that something had really happened to Stella.
Lucia closed her eyes heavily and said, “It’s been so many days, but you haven’t told me anything yet.
If I hadn’t asked Lindsay about it today, do you plan to hide everything from me forever?”
Matthew frowned and looked at Lindsay coldly.
When Lindsay felt his cold gaze, she hurriedly explained in a low voice, “I didn’t want to tell Grandma.
But she was going to call Stella, so I had no choice.
”
Lucia looked at Matthew with a darkened expression.
“Don’t blame Lindsay.
It was me who insisted on asking her.
”
Matthew’s expression remained cold.
Lucia continued, “Is there really no news about Stella?”
She was sad and nervous at the same time.
Still, Matthew assured her, “Grandma, believe me.
She is really fine.
In fact, I was with her just now.
She just can’t come here now because she has something to deal with.
Otherwise, she would’ve definitely come here to see you.
”
Lucia’s face was still full of suspicion.
There was even a hint of anger now.
Matthew was afraid she would be too emotional again, so he hurriedly said, “If you don’t believe me, I’ll call her now.
”
Despite his assurances, Lucia was still suspicious.
She feared Matthew would use some tricks to fool her, so she said, “Let me call her using my phone.
”
Then, she took out her phone
and dialed Stella’s number.
The call was quickly answered, and Stella’s voice came from the other end.
“Lucia, how are you?”
Tears immediately welled up in Lucia’s eyes.
“Stella, is that really you?”
“Yes.
It’s me.
” Stella was also relieved to hear Lucia’s voice.
“I just heard from Matthew that you are not feeling well.
How are you now?”
Lucia hurriedly said, “I’m fine.
As long as you are safe, I’m fine.
”
Mixed emotions surged in Stella’s heart.
“I’m sorry for making you worry,” Stella said apologetically, feeling guilty.
“I wanted to go back with Matthew to see you.
But my mother is not so well, so I have to stay with her in the hospital.
I’ll visit you soon.
”
Lucia’s mood immediately lightened up after confirming that Stella was fine.
She said, “It’s alright.
I understand.
As long as you’re okay, I can be rest assured.
Don’t worry about me.
I’m fine.
You can come here whenever you have time.
”
After saying this, she also told Stella to spend more time with Bella.
Then, she hung up with satisfaction.
On the other hand, Lindsay pinched her hand hard when she heard Stella’s voice on the phone.
At first, she was shocked.
But anger soon surged in her heart.
###chapter2018
She thought she would succeed in becoming the next Mrs.
Clark.
It turned out Stella was still alive.
Didn’t the plane she had boarded crash? How could she survive such a big accident?
Her face almost twisted in anger, but she tried to restrain her expression.
It was Waldo who spoke first.
He asked Matthew, “What the hell is going on?”
Since Lindsay was there, Matthew didn’t want to talk about Stella’s family matters.
So he said to Waldo, “It’s complicated.
I’ll explain it to you later in the study.
”
Matthew had always been reliable, and the two elders trusted him.
So, they agreed without thinking too much.
Lindsay clearly felt Matthew was avoiding her, so she didn’t say anything.
Obviously, he was still treating her as an outsider.
She could only grit her teeth secretly and clench her fists tightly behind her back.
Her long nails dug into the skin of her palms.
But she was so angry that she couldn’t even feel the pain.
After ensuring Lucia was comforted, Matthew accompanied Waldo to the study for a private discussion.
There, he distilled the situation to its essence for Waldo.
“Kristian is not Stella’s biological father.
The incident is actually tied to Bella’s personal matters.
I can’t disclose details without her consent,” Matthew explained cautiously, revealing only what was necessary.
Waldo, although taken aback by the complexity of the issue, didn’t probe further.
His primary concern remained with Stella.
“What happened with the plane? And how did Stella manage to return safely?”
Reflecting on Matthew’s composed yet urgent actions following the incident, Waldo ventured a guess.
“Did you have prior knowledge about the situation?”
Matthew responded candidly, “I’ve been suspicious of Kristian for a while.
The night before the incident, I had someone look into it and discovered Kristian had hired a person to sabotage the plane.
Everything that followed was orchestrated to expose him, which required dramatic measures.
”
Waldo, now even more astonished, pieced together the implications.
“Did Kristian orchestrate the plane crash?”
Matthew nodded solemnly, confirming Waldo’s worst fears.
Waldo was visibly shaken by the revelation.
It took him a moment to collect himself before he could respond, his voice heavy with concern.
“Stella has been through so much… She must be terrified.
Make sure you’re there for her in the coming days.
”
Matthew nodded reassuringly, “Don’t worry, Grandpa.
I will be.
”
Waldo managed a small smile, grateful for Matthew’s vigilance.
###chapter2019
“You’ve handled this well.
Thankfully, your foresight prevented anything worse from happening.
”
Matthew acknowledged the compliment with a subtle nod, his expression serious.
“What about Kristian?” Waldo asked, his tone laced with worry.
“Make sure he can’t cause any more problems.
”
“I’ve taken care of it.
”
Waldo, trusting in his grandson’s judgment, didn’t press further.
“As long as you know what you’re doing,” he said, his voice reflecting a mix of relief and resignation.
With the conversation concluded, Matthew excused himself from the study.
As he closed the door behind him, he noticed Lindsay exiting Lucia’s room.
Without a word or a glance, he passed by her, his focus elsewhere.
“Matthew,” Lindsay called out, her voice tinged with urgency as she bit her lip.
Matthew didn’t stop walking, but Lindsay quickly trotted to catch up and blocked his path, forcing him to halt.
His frown deepened at her interruption.
“I’m sorry, Matthew.
I didn’t mean to let Grandma find out,” Lindsay said, her tone full of apology.
Matthew’s response was icy.
“You know perfectly well whether it was intentional or not.
”
He then shifted to a more formal tone, emphasizing his point.
“If I’m not mistaken, you should be at work now.
Being at home during working hours without a valid reason is against company policy.
Next time, it will be handled according to the rules.
”
Lindsay’s expression stiffened as she hurriedly tried to justify her presence.
“Grandma asked me to come today.
She said she had questions
…”
Matthew, however, was in no mood to linger on the discussion.
He turned away, resuming his path, dismissing her explanation.
Behind him, Lindsay’s frustration boiled over.
She clenched her fists, watching his retreating back.
With a mix of hurt and defiance in her voice, she said, “Matthew, is it because Stella doesn’t like me that you don’t see me as part of the Clark family anymore?”
Without turning around, Matthew said clearly, “Stay honest and righteous, and you’ll always be Grandma’s adopted granddaughter.
”
After saying this, he walked away.
Lindsay bit her lower lip, understanding the deeper meaning in Matthew’s words.
He acknowledged her only as Lucia’s adopted granddaughter, not as a Clark family member, and he clearly wanted nothing to do with her.
Clearly, Matthew was distancing himself from her, and Stella was to blame!
Watching Matthew’s back with hatred, Lindsay’s anger toward Stella grew even stronger.
###chapter2020
If it weren’t for Stella, she wouldn’t have to be so guarded within the Clark family.
Now with Lucia and Waldo on Stella’s side, there was no chance Matthew would favor her.
The more Lindsay thought about it, the more determined she became.
She was closer to Lucia and Waldo.
Why should Stella, an outsider, replace her?
If they were gone… Lindsay couldn’t help but think.
After all, Lucia and Waldo were supportive of Stella.
Lindsay realized she only had herself to rely on.
With that thought, she decided she must act.
Then, Joann called.
Irritated, Lindsay answered the phone reluctantly.
Joann’s shocked voice came through.
“Lindsay, have you seen the news online? It says Stella is still alive.
Is that true?”
Lindsay, already upset by Matthew’s coldness and now hearing Stella’s name, clenched her teeth in frustration.
But it was not the time to show her ange
r.
“Yes,” Lindsay said indifferently.
Hearing this, Joann was so angry that she raised her voice and shouted, “This bitch is incredibly lucky! How is she still alive? It’s just not fair!”
She had seen the announcement from Prosperity Group and thought Matthew was in denial, which was why she called Lindsay to verify.
To her dismay, it was true.
Stella was indeed still alive!
Joann was shaking with anger.
Lindsay had no patience for her ranting.
“She’s okay.
I have other things to handle now…”
She tried to end the call, but Joann cut her off.
“There was an accident on the hillside road today.
A line of Clark family cars was there.
I heard a car went over the cliff with Stella’s parents inside.
”
Hearing this, Lindsay’s interest was piqued.
She glanced around and hurried back to her room.
Then she asked quietly, “Explain it clearly.
”
Joann replied, “I got all this from my brother, and it’s not very clear.
But I also heard that Stella’s father was taken by the police while in a wheelchair.
”
Lindsay clicked her tongue.
“It looks like Matthew doesn’t love Stella as much as he claims.
”
Considering Matthew’s attitude, she thought it seemed too calm.
If something this big had really happened, he should have reacted more strongly.
Joann continued, “If Stella’s father is in trouble and Matthew doesn’t help, I bet Stella will confront him.
They might even divorce over this.
You should grab this chance.
”
Joann’s final words were meaningful.
###chapter2021
However, Lindsay became cautious and refused to listen to her anymore.
Though she wished Matthew would divorce Stella, his recent behavior meant he still had feelings for her.
The possibility of a divorce over this seemed slim.
She decided to visit the company to get more information from Fernando and then make the next plan.
However, when she arrived at the company, Fernando was nowhere to be found.
Upon Matthew’s arrival at the hospital, Fernando exited a different vehicle.
He quickly informed Matthew, “Elizabeth is missing.
”
Matthew halted, his stride interrupted, and his brow furrowed.
“What occurred?”
Fernando explained, “When Kristian lost control and seized Bella, everyone’s focus was on him.
By the time we remembered Elizabeth an
d searched for her, she was already gone.
”
Matthew’s face grew stern.
“Have you deployed a search party? She shouldn’t have gone far given her state.
”
“Yes, I immediately sent a team.
However, there’s a stretch of road lacking surveillance, and we lost her there.
”
Matthew’s jaw tightened.
“Continue the search.
We will leave no stone unturned in Seamarsh.
Locate her.
”
“Understood, sir!” Fernando acknowledged and departed swiftly.
Matthew’s gaze grew intense.
Meanwhile, Lindsay had stayed in the office all day, anticipating either Fernando’s or Matthew’s arrival, but to no avail.
She couldn’t extract any information from her coworkers and didn’t want to arouse Matthew’s suspicion.
The hours slipped by.
Exasperated, she collected her belongings and headed out.
As Lindsay stepped outside, intending to grab a coffee, her attention was captured by a woman hiding behind a tree.
The woman appeared ghostly pale and was glancing around nervously.
Lindsay instinctively quickened her pace, aiming to avoid any possible confrontation.
However, after only two steps, a sense of familiarity with the woman’s face caused her to pause.
Lindsay shook her head, thinking she must be imagining things.
Just as she reached the coffee shop door, a face suddenly flashed in her mind.
That woman… She was Stella’s sister! Her name was Elizabeth.
After Lindsay returned to Seamarsh, she had researched everything she could find about Stella.
Memories of the turmoil Elizabeth had caused Stella flooded her mind.
That was why Elizabeth seemed familiar.
Recalling the conflict between the sisters, Lindsay formulated a plan.
###chapter2022
She donned a mask, turned around, and marched directly toward Elizabeth.
Upon seeing Elizabeth’s face up close, Lindsay was certain.
With a gleam in her eye, she asked, “Are you looking for Stella?”
Elizabeth’s head jerked up at the mention of Stella’s name.
Elizabeth was rattled by Kristian’s actions but remained composed enough to realize she didn’t know the woman in front of her, so she stayed silent.
Lindsay, undeterred, pressed on.
“If you need assistance, I can help you locate Stella.
”
Elizabeth’s eyes widened.
Clenching her teeth, she finally spoke.
“I need to find Stella.
When I do, she’ll pay with her life!”
Lindsay was satisfied with Elizabeth’s reaction.
She dialed Felix’s number.
The phone rang barely a moment before Felix answered, his voice tinged with surprise.
“Lindsay? What’s the occasion for your call today? Mis
sing me already?”
Lindsay, slightly irritated, cut to the chase.
“Felix, I need a favor.
Felix’s excitement was palpable as he quickly responded, “Just say the word, no formalities are needed.
”
Lindsay didn’t beat around the bush and said, “Can you find out where Stella is for me?”
True to form, Felix didn’t question her reasons.
He cheerfully replied, “No problem at all.
”
Then, trying to shift the conversation, he suggested, “Hey, are you done with work? How about we grab dinner later?”
Lindsay had no patience for Felix’s presumptuous, clingy behavior.
She dismissed him outright, saying, “I’m sorry, Felix.
I might not have the time.
”
Felix, not easily deterred, played another card, saying, “If you don’t agree, I might not feel up to doing that favor.
”
Lindsay grimaced at his manipulative tone but reluctantly said, “Alright, if you do this for me, we can have dinner.
”
“Awesome!” Felix’s voice was filled with joy.
Lindsay, having had enough of the conversation, hung up.
Moments later, Felix texted her Stella’s location along with details for their dinner.
Lindsay glanced at the address he sent and smirked.
She quickly walked up to Elizabeth and showed her the phone, saying, “Looks like Stella’s at Seamarsh Hospital, keeping your mom company.
They seem quite close.
It seems like your mom forgot she has a daughter like you.
”
Her words only intensified Elizabeth’s resentment toward Stella.
###chapter2023
Elizabeth clenched her jaw, her expression contorted with anger.
Lindsay’s smile broadened as she put away her phone and walked off.
She had just informed Elizabeth of Stella’s location.
Whatever Elizabeth decided to do next was up to her.
Lindsay was confident she’d benefit from the situation one way or another.
She was keenly waiting for an unexpected move from Elizabeth’s end.
With that in mind, she hopped into a taxi and went to the restaurant.
Despite her reluctance to spend time with Felix, she recognized a chance to use him as a cover story.
Back at the hospital, Bella remained unconscious until nightfall, although the doctor eventually declared her out of danger.
Stella felt somewhat anxious and continued to sit by Bella’s side.
Matthew, holding his phone, was waiting for news from Fernando.
Seeing that he seemed to be lost in his thought, Stella guessed he was exhausted.
‘s BunnyBookery
She took his hand gently and suggested, “If you’re worn out, why not head back? I’ll stay here with Bella.
”
Matthew shook his head, dismissin
g the idea.
“No, I’m fine.
I’ll stay here with you.
”
Stella looked at him closely, aware of his preoccupation since his return from the Clark family home.
She knitted her brows and said, “Hey, are you hiding something from me? Is Lucia really sick or something else?”
Matthew shook his head reassuringly and said, “Don’t worry.
Grandma’s fine.
She just felt a bit dizzy when she heard what happened to you.
”
Stella paused, and then responded, “That’s good to hear.
Once my mom wakes up, I’ll go see Lucia.
”
Matthew was inclined to agree, but then he remembered that Elizabeth was still unaccounted for and might cause more issues.
So he suggested, “Actually, let’s hold off.
Grandma said you should take it easy.
She has her own doctor, and the hospital is far from the Clark family home.
We’ll visit Grandma once Bella is better and out of the hospital.
You’ve been through a lot lately.
Try to get some rest.
”
“Okay,” Stella said.
She then held Matthew’s face in her hands, examining him intently.
He looked more worn than before, his face thinner and with dark circles under his eyes-clear signs of sleepless nights.
“You’ve lost a lot of weight recently,” she said gently.
Stella embraced him tightly and said, “Don’t worry about me.
You’re the one who’s really been put through the wringer.
You look exhausted.
Now that Kristian is Locked up, no one can harm me or Bella.
Just relax for a bit.
”
Matthew blinked and whispered, “Okay.
”
However, he was still preoccupied with tracking down Elizabeth, whose presence was like a looming threat.
With Stella starting to relax, Matthew chose not to burden her further, thus keeping quiet about Elizabeth.
###chapter2024
Stella didn’t notice the slight change in his expression.
She turned around, glanced at Bella, and then looked back at him.
“Has Alissa known about her connection with Bella?”
Matthew shook his head slightly and explained, “I was planning to wait until Bella returned to tell her the truth about her real identity.
Then let her decide whether to rekindle her friendship with Alissa.
But now, things have changed and Bella is still unconscious.
When she wakes up, she’ll decide for herself.
”
Stella nodded and said, “It’s really up to them.
We shouldn’t interfere.
Besides, Bella’s memory isn’t fully clear, so her feelings for Alissa aren’t what they used to be.
If Alissa learns everything too soon, it could complicate things for everyone.
”
Stella then recalled Alissa unwittingly revealing sensitive information about her best friend’s past and husband.
She murmured, “But Alissa should at least know who my real father is.
”
While Stella had always been curious about her parents, now was not the time to delve into it.
She simply wanted her family to be safe.
Matthew squeezed her hand and advised, “Let’s not dwell on that.
Right now, we need to focus on Bella waking up.
”
Stella nodded, feeling a mix of emotions but choosing to keep them hidden.
Matthew sighed internally.
His investigations into Kristian had helped him piece together some of the past.
He suspected Stella’s father must have died, and the circumstances back then were probably harsh.
He preferred Stella not to keep digging for more answers.
The next morning, Stella woke abruptly from her sleep.
She sprang up, relieved to find Bella sleeping soundly in the bed next to hers.
Matthew was not in the hospital room.
Stella remembered talking with him before she fell asleep.
After gathering herself, she stepped outside and asked a bodyguard, “Did Matthew leave?”
The bodyguard nodded slightly.
“Mr.
Clark left early today, but he didn’t mention where he was going.
He just instructed us to stay here.
”
Stella acknowledged this, glanced back at the still unconscious Bella, and said to the bodyguard, “Okay, please keep watching over my mom.
I’m going to get some breakfast.
”
The bodyguard quickly said, “I can get it for you.
”
Stella shook her head and said, “No, I’ll handle it.
I know what Matthew likes.
”
Knowing Matthew had been swamped with matters related to her, Stella wanted to pick up his favorite breakfast as a small gesture of appreciation.
The bodyguard reluctantly agreed to stay.
Stella handed her phone number to the bodyguard, instructing, “If my mom starts to wake up, call me right away.
”
The bodyguard, still uneasy, suggested, “There are enough of us here.
Shouldn’t I accompany you?”
Stella smiled, reassuring him, “Thank you, but I’ll be fine on my own.
The people who might want to hurt me are no longer around.
I can leave without worry knowing you’re here with my mom.
”
The bodyguard accepted her decision.
Stella then left the room by herself.
As she exited the hospital, she was surprised to see Bennett stepping out of a car.
She was astonished that he had come personally.
###chapter2025
“Mr.
Lowell?”
Bennett hurried over, looked her over, and smiled broadly.
“Good to see you’re okay.
I heard some disturbing rumors and feared the worst.
Seeing you up and about is a relief.
”
Stella sensed an underlying concern in his greeting and instinctively stepped back.
She smiled politely, interpreting Bennett’s approach as another attempt at courting her.
Just as she was about to reply, a harsh, angry voice interrupted, “Stella, you whore! You deserve to suffer!”
Stella turned toward the sound.
At the hospital entrance, a disheveled woman was charging toward her, clutching a bottle.
As the woman tilted the bottle, liquid splashed onto the ground, fizzing up bubbles.
Stella realized, in horror, that it was sulfuric acid.
The attacker was Elizabeth.
Stella was stunned into silence.
On Elizabeth’s face was a look of intense hatred mixed with a sinister smile.
With a fierce motion, she hurled the acid directly at Stella.
“Go to hell, bitch!”
Elizabeth’s reasoning was straightforward.
Kristian was apprehended, and regardless of his loyalty to her, she knew she’d never access Bella’s wealt
h.
Her prospects looked grim.
Stella’s seemingly effortless happiness was anchored in Matthew’s affection.
If Stella’s looks were marred, surely Matthew would abandon her.
How durable could their love be then? Stella would be discarded, left to languish as Elizabeth had.
Bennett’s expression morphed into one of alarm.
“Be careful!”
He threw himself in front of Stella and dragged her aside, managing to shield her from the brunt of the attack, but he suffered a splash of acid on his back.
The sulfuric acid made a corrosive sound.
It was so harsh and terrifying that it sent a chill down Stella’s spine.
“Mr.
Lowell!” Stella screamed.
She looked at Bennett and saw his face turned pale with pain.
Her heart jolted, and her voice trembled.
“Mr.
Lowell, are you… Are you alright?”
Stella never expected Bennett to risk himself to protect her from the sulfuric acid.
Her hands were shaking uncontrollably.
“We need to take you to the emergency room.
”
At this time, Matthew and Fernando came over.
Matthew’s face darkened upon seeing the scene.
He immediately ordered the bodyguards behind him.
“Catch Elizabeth and take her to the police station.
”
The bodyguards immediately stepped forward and subdued Elizabeth.
Elizabeth struggled, screaming and cursing frantically, “Stella, you bitch! This is all your fault! You made me lose everything.
You ruined my life, so you deserve to suffer.
I’ll make sure you will rot in hell with me.
”
###chapter2026
While supporting Bennett, Stella glared at Elizabeth with anger burning in her eyes.
“No, Elizabeth! This is all your fault.
You brought this upon yourself.
”
That was all she said.
She had no more time to waste on Elizabeth.
She was more concerned about Bennett’s injuries.
His clothes were corroded, and his back was gruesome.
The fabric was stuck to his flesh and blood, looking terrifying.
It obviously needed immediate medical attention.
When Bennett saw the worry on her face, he said comfortingly, “Don’t worry about me.
I’ll be fine.
Just take care of yourself.
”
But Stella shook her head firmly.
“Don’t pretend to be strong.
You’re not okay.
”
Thankfully, they were at the entrance of the hospital.
Bennett’s injuries would soon be treated.
Matthew stepped forward and gently took Bennett from Stella’s arms.
“Let me help you.
”
Stella nodded in agreement.
When the medical staff was informed about the situation at the entrance, they hurriedly pushed a gurney out.
Bennett was immediately sent to the emergency room, and the doctors started treating his wounds.
Outside, Stella stood in a daze.
She felt like her brain was buzzing.
Matthew walked to her and asked, “Are you okay?”
He checked on her and was relieved that she was physically unharmed.
She was just shaken up.
He couldn’t help breathing a sigh of relief.
Matthew felt a little regretful.
If he had warned Stella about Elizabeth’s escape, she could have been more alert.
He said, “I’m sorry.
”
Then, he pulled her into his arms.
“I’m sorry I scared you.
”
He couldn’t imagine the consequences if that sulfuric acid was poured on Stella.
Stella shook her head and looked at him.
“Don’t blame yourself.
It’s not your fault.
No one wants this to happen.
But Mr.
Lowell…”
When Stella thought of the gruesome scene just now, she shivered uncontrollably.
She couldn’t imagine the agony Bennett felt after the sulfuric acid hit his skin.
And the scars it would leave were impossible to erase.
Elizabeth meant to disfigure her face.
However, Bennett took it for her without hesitation.
Stella was overwhelmed by guilt.
“If I had known earlier, I would’ve stayed away from him.
It would’ve been better than letting him suffer like this because of me.
”
Matthew hugged her tighter.
His eyes darkened as he said solemnly, “Don’t feel burdened.
I won’t forget Bennett’s sacrifice.
I will forever remember the favor he has done for you.
I’ll make sure to repay him.
”
###chapter2027
Once Bennett was patched up, Matthew arranged for him to rest in a VIP ward.
He went straight there.
Bennett appeared rather pale.
Matthew took a deep breath and said, “Hey, man, thank you for today.
If you ever need anything in Seamarsh, just give me a shout.
My family has your back, no strings attached.
Even if it’s about your business deals, I’m here to listen.
”
Matthew knew that Bennett was seeking a business partner and thought Prosperity Group could fit the bill.
However, Bennett gently declined, explaining, “It wasn’t about that.
Stepping in for Stella just came naturally, you know?”
This response made Matthew uneasy, feeling his wife was coveted by another man.
He said clearly, “We can discuss anything except for Stella.
Let’s keep things professional, please.
”
Sensing the growing tension, Stella intervened, taking Matthew’s hand.
“Why don’t you step outside for a bit? I need to speak with Mr.
Lowell privately.
”
Matthew felt a lump in his throat as he pondered Bennett’s potential intentions toward Stella.
He was reluctant to leave but understood from Stella’s expression that it was necessary.
Once alone with Bennett, Stella sat down and expressed her gratitude, saying, “Mr.
Lowell, I can’t thank you enough for today.
”
Bennett listened silently, sensing there was more to her statement.
‘s BunnyBookery
Indeed, Stella continued, “I really appreciate you saving my life today, but I must ask you to keep your distance from me.
”
She realized her words might seem abrupt, but she felt it was important to clarify her boundaries immediately.
Bennett’s expression was a mixture of emotions.
“Mrs.
Clark,” he began, but Stella interrupted.
“Mr.
Lowell, please listen,” she insisted.
“I’m not the person you’ve been looking for, okay? Don’t waste your time on me, especially not now with this injury incident.
You didn’t deserve to get hurt.
Also, I’m married to someone very prominent.
People watch me closely.
If we’re seen together too much, it could lead to misunderstandings.
That wouldn’t be good for your reputation.
”
She added earnestly, “I’m genuinely grateful for your actions today.
If you ever need a favor, I’m here.
But that’s where it should end.
I hope you understand.
”
Bennett nodded in comprehension.
“I get it.
Don’t feel burdened about it.
I want you to know I wasn’t trying anything inappropriate.
Like I told Matthew, helping you was just instinctive.
”
He recalled how he had instinctively shielded Stella from Elizabeth’s acid attack, feeling fortunate to have been there for her.
Stella recognized Bennett’s integrity.
She nodded in agreement and said, “I believe you, and I know your intentions are good.
But others might not see it that way.
It could just stir up unwanted gossip and trouble.
Not good for either of us.
As for the person you’ve been looking for, I can ask Matthew to help you investigate.
Joann’s Visit not necessary.
I really don’t have much information myself.
”
He then turned to Stella and said, “I’m sorry if I caused any inconvenience.
And about today, don’t worry about it.
I would help anyone in need, not just you.
”
###chapter2028
His demeanor was that of a true gentleman, marked by his gracious words and manner.
Stella nodded in understanding.
“I understand.
Sorry for assuming things earlier.
I just wanted to avoid any rumors.
It’s really for the best.
”
Bennett smiled reassuringly and said, “No worries, I understand.
”
As they talked, Stella felt a sense of relief.
“Now, get some rest.
We’ll arrange for a caregiver to take care of you.
Let us know if there’s anything you need.
”
Bennett nodded appreciatively and said, “Understood.
”
He knew this gesture would help Stella feel better about the situation.
“I’ll leave you to rest then, Mr.
Lowell.
”
Stella was mindful not to overstay, aware that Matthew might feel uneasy.
“I’ll be fine, really,” Bennett assured her again.
As Stella was about to leave, there was a disturbance outside the door.
She and Bennett heard Joann’s voice, causing his face to cloud over.
Bennett attempted to sit up but grimaced in pain from his injury.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella immediately supported him, concerned.
“Are you okay? Should I call the doctor?”
The door flew open, and Joann burst in, her eyes filled with fury at the closeness between Stella and Bennett.
She wanted to charge at Stella and pull her away from Bennett, but the bodyguards restrained her.
Instead, she yelled at Stella, “What are you doing to him? Stella, let him go! Isn’t it enough that you’ve caused him harm?”
Bennett’s expression darkened as he asked coldly, “What do you want now?”
Joann pointed accusingly at Stella, her voice tinged with exasperation.
“Why are you still defending her? Bennett! This woman brings trouble wherever she goes.
Every time we encounter her, something bad happens! Why do you keep going after her?”
Stella didn’t want to waste time on Joann.
She carefully helped Bennett settle back down and said, “Mr.
Lowell, you need to rest for your wound to heal.
I’ll take care of this.
”
At that point, Joann’s rage reached a boiling point.
She struggled against the bodyguards’ grip and made a dive for Stella, trying to pull her away.
“Get away from him, you bitch!” Joann screamed.
But before she could lay a hand on Stella, Matthew intervened, grabbing Joann’s arm and pushing her aside.
Joann collapsed onto the floor, yet her tirade continued unabated.
“You’re such a seductress! You really know how to make men fall for you, don’t you? It must thrill you to see them wrapped around your finger! You must feel so smug, manipulating them like puppets!”
###chapter2029
“Is that enough? Please leave if you’re done!” Bennett said sharply, losing patience with Joann’s constant complaints.
Joann responded with a whine, “I won’t leave until she does! Bennett, how could you treat me this way? I came as soon as I heard about your accident.
I care about you so much, yet you push me away and take her side!”
She began to cry loudly in the hospital room, yelling as she said, “What does Stella have that would make you risk your life for her?”
Bennett’s expression darkened, and he said, “Mrs.
Clark and I have done nothing wrong.
Mind your words, or you may regret it.
Think b
efore you speak.
”
Taken aback by his anger, Joann looked at him in shock.
Exhausted from the argument, Bennett massaged his forehead, annoyed, and addressed Matthew.
“Could you please show our guest out? I need some rest.
”
Matthew signaled the bodyguards sternly and said, “Remove her.
”
Two intimidating bodyguards approached and stood towering over Joann.
She flinched, stepping backward.
Realizing resistance was futile, she hesitantly followed them out.
Once Joann had left, Bennett finally experienced relief.
He exhaled deeply and said to Stella, “I’m sorry for the inconvenience.
”
Stella dismissed it with a shake of her head.
“It’s not your fault.
”
By now, she had grown almost indifferent to Joann’s disruptive behavior.
Bennett said to her, “She wouldn’t be after you if it weren’t for me.
Be careful outside.
She’s spiteful and may try to harm you after today’s humiliation.
”
Stella acknowledged the seriousness of his warning.
“I will, thank you.
”
Suddenly, a bodyguard burst in, looking alarmed.
“Mr.
Clark, Mrs.
Clark, Bella’s awake!”
Stella and Matthew looked at each other in surprise.
Then Stella faced Bennett.
“Mr.
Lowell, rest well.
I have to go.
”
Bennett gave a slight nod.
Stella and Matthew dashed out as if flying.
Upon their arrival at the ward, the doctor was just finishing up his examination of Bella.
Stella hurried over, her voice tinged with worry.
“Doc, how is she?”
The doctor replied, “She’s recovering well.
It seems she’s through the worst of it.
”
Relief washed over Stella, and tears began to form in her eyes.
“Thank you so much,” she managed to say, her voice heavy with emotion.
###chapter2030
Once the doctor had left, Stella went to Bella, with tears rolling down her cheeks.
She embraced Bella, resting her head on her shoulder, and gently said, “Mom.
”
Bella was surprised.
This was the first time Stella had called her Mom directly since they knew their relationship.
This moment was deeply satisfying for Bella.
Despite recent losses, she still had Stella.
“It’s my fault.
I’ve caused you so much worry.
” Bella smiled reassuringly and patted Stella on the back.
“Don’t cry.
I’m here, and I’m okay.
”
Stella shook her head, torn between guilt and relief.
She needed a moment to regain her composure.
“It’s all my fault.
I should have done more to protect you.
If only I had been more vigilant about Kristian, none of this would have happened.
”
Bella sighed.
“It’s not on you, Stella.
I was the one who underestimated Kristian’s cruelty.
I failed to see the extent of his threat.
That’s why we’re here now.
”
They found solace in each other’s company.
After a brief pause, Bella looked around with a frown.
“Where is Kristian? Which ward is he in?”
Bella recalled that before the accident, she had questioned Kristian about whether Kori was Stella’s biological father.
But before Kristian had the chance to respond, their car had crashed into the truck.
Bella was resolved to find out the truth.
Stella’s anger toward Kristian had dissipated by then.
She informed Bella calmly, “He’s been taken to the police station.
His trial is scheduled for a few days from now.
”
Bella’s eyes widened in shock, and then she nodded slowly.
Her heart was heavy, but she accepted that Kristian deserved his fate.
“That’s good.
I’ve been mistaken about him for so long.
People must face the consequences of their actions.
”
She then asked, “When is my next treatment session?”
Since the accident, Bella felt like fragments of her memory were beginning to resurface.
She hoped the treatments would help her regain more of her past.
“Why are you suddenly so interested in the treatments?” Stella’s voice carried a hint of concern.
“Are you feeling okay?”
Bella reassured her, “I’m fine, don’t worry.
It’s just that it’s been a while since my last session.
”
“That’s a relief.
” Stella exhaled.
“Your next appointment is next week, but if you’re eager to have it sooner, I can check with Cordell to see if the doctor can fit you in earlier.
”
Bella shook her head.
“No ne
ed to rush.
I can wait until next week.
”
She kept her true intentions to herself.
Stella observed Bella for a moment, and then cautiously asked, “Would you like to see Alissa?”
Given everything that had happened, it was clear that Bella was Alissa’s long-lost close friend.
However, it was ultimately Bella’s decision.
Bella was surprised by the question.
Matthew added, “When word of your accident spread, Alissa came to me.
I’ve only made an official statement through Prosperity Group’s media outlets to announce your safe return, but I haven’t informed Alissa personally yet.
Stella was wondering if you’d like to speak with her.
”
Stella nodded in agreement.
“Alissa must be extremely worried.
”
Bella considered it for a moment and then said, “Yeah, I’ll reach out to her later.
”
Three days quickly passed, and Kristian’s trial for attempted murder and money laundering commenced.
Stella and Bella were the victims, with Stella having filed the charges.
Bella wanted to attend, but she wasn’t feeling well enough.
Her health was fragile, and her mental state was unsteady.
Stella, not wanting to overwhelm her, advised her to stay and rest in the hospital while she went to court with Matthew.
The trial began, and the courtroom was filled.
Stella looked around and recognized several familiar faces.
Doreen, Alissa, Neville, and Miley were all present.
Stella saw Miley gripping Neville’s hand firmly, while Alissa and Doreen appeared anxious as well.
Stella had been dealing with a lot recently, facing a whirlwind of rumors online.
However, the presence of her friends seemed to wash away her concerns.
It was as if all the negativity had retreated into the background.
Stella felt a surge of warmth in her heart.
She felt deeply thankful for the incredible support of her friends, especially given everything that had transpired.
###chapter2031
Kristian had hired a defense Lawyer, yet deep inside, he knew Matthew held damning evidence against him.
He was fearful, sensing no escape, yet he clung to a sliver of hope that his lawyer could somehow tilt the scales in his favor and secure a lighter sentence.
When Stella’s and Kristian’s eyes met across the courtroom, he looked desperate, like a trapped animal.
Stella, however, felt detached.
She averted her gaze as the judge called the courtroom to order.
As the plaintiff, Stella stood and detailed Kristian’s entire scheme to kill her and Bella by causing a plane crash, as well as the abduction of Bella and the car crash off the cliff.
“His real name is Ethan Vance, and he’s been living a lie, deceiving my mom all these years.
”
Initially, Stella was emotionally distant regarding Kristian’s offenses, but as she recounted the facts, the gravity of his actions hit her.
Thinking of Bella enduring years with such a man intensified Stella’s desire for justice.
She presented the evidence, cataloging the things Kristian had committed using Bella’s name throughout the years.
It was sufficient to convict him, yet Stella felt a pang of sorrow.
It had been a long time since the car accident, and they suspected Kristian’s involvement but had never confirmed it.
Neither Bella nor Stella had any memory of the incident that year, leaving many questions unanswered.
As Stella unveiled Kristian’s c
rimes, the courtroom was engulfed in disbelief.
Bella’s seemingly devoted husband was exposed as a deceitful monster, shocking everyone.
Alissa was the most enraged.
Now that she knew Bella was her best friend, Aarya, she felt a fierce urge to take Kristian down for deceiving her friend.
“Damn it!” Alissa seethed with rage.
Doreen grasped her hand firmly and said, “Take it easy, Alissa.
Let the law handle this.
”
Alissa remained silent, her gaze fixed on Kristian.
Then, Bella’s previous family doctor, Tyron, was called to testify.
He revealed, “Kristian and Elizabeth pressured me to supply Bella with drugs to impair her mental clarity.
I was reluctant at first, but Kristian’s influence in Dorburn is significant.
I felt I had no choice but to comply.
”
“What are you talking about?” Kristian shot Tyron a murderous look.
“You’re lying! It was all Elizabeth’s idea.
I had nothing to do with iti”
Stella was astounded to hear this.
Kristian, who was once a caring father, was now quick to blame his own daughter.
She taunted, “Elizabeth is your own daughter.
They say even a ferocious tiger won’t eat its cubs.
But you, to protect yourself, are ready to sacrifice her.
”
Kristian clenched his fists and hissed, “Shut up, you bitch! You have no say in this.
It’s all your fault! If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t be in this mess.
I’d strangle you right now if I could.
”
He reached out his hands fiercely, eager to grasp Stella’s neck, but the courtroom staff quickly restrained him.
With his injured leg, he couldn’t even stand properly, making his attempt to strike appear feeble.
Exhausted, all he could manage was to breathe heavily and stare at Stella with intense loathing.
###chapter2032
Stella stood confidently in the plaintiff’s box, presenting her case with the utmost gravity, introducing evidence, and calling witnesses.
The courtroom proceedings lasted several hours, and eventually, the judgment was delivered.
Kristian was convicted of attempting to eliminate Bella and Stella through unlawful means, in addition to charges of money laundering and fraud.
He received a life sentence with no possibility of parole.
As the sentence was declared, Kristian appeared to age years in moments.
The case concluded, and as Stella walked past him, she gave him a piercing look.
“Take care of yourself,” she murmured.
“Mom and I are going to enjoy our lives now.
As for you, Ethan, you’re going to spend a long time behind bars.
Kristian’s mame will disappear, only Ethan will be remembered infamously.
”
Kristian’s hands were clenched into fists, his veins bulging visibly.
Stella knew the name change was his attempt to escape his past, and she deliberately used it to taunt him.
He shot her a venomous glare and spat, “Stella, you’ll suffer a terrible fate!”
She dismissed his curse nonchalantly.
But Kristian wasn’t finish
ed.
He sneered, “Do you think you’re safe because I’m locked up? As long as you’re alive, someone out there will be unhappy.
And as long as that person lives, he’ll come after you!”
Stella narrowed her eyes and said, “What do you mean?”
Kristian laughed sinisterly.
“Don’t assume it’s all over just because I’m gone.
There’s someone out there with abilities beyond your imagination, Believe me, you’ll end up in his grasp one day.
”
Stella’s expression grew concerned.
Remembering the car accident, she realized that Kristian couldn’t have orchestrated it so perfectly alone.
Someone else must have been involved.
Seeing Kristian’s smug grin made Stella’s heart sink.
Initially, she suspected Kristian was just trying to scare her.
He seemed intent on making her anxious and uneasy.
However, the Longer she thought about it, the more she considered the possibility that he might be telling the truth.
It didn’t seem likely that Kristian would be so c@@ky or repeatedly mention it if there wasn’t some truth to his claims.
Noticing her silence, Kristian smugly inquired, “Are you scared?”
As Stella was about to reply, Matthew stepped forward, taking her hand.
He said to Kristian in a cold voice, “You don’t have to concern yourself with this.
I’m here, and no one’s going to harm Stella or Bella.
”
Kristian glared at Matthew, filled with hatred and about to retort, but Matthew turned to the court officials.
“Please, take him away now.
”
The officers shot Kristian a stern look and commanded, “Be quiet.
”
With that, Kristian was led away.
After the trial ended, Miley and others immediately went to Stella.
###chapter2033
Miley held Stella’s hand firmly and kept her eyes on the direction Kristian had disappeared.
She asked sharply, “What did that jerk just say to you? He has absolutely no shame, I swear! It’s the first time I’ve seen someone with such thick skin!”
Stella remembered Kristian’s warnings and threats, but she chose not to worry her friends.
She replied gently, “Just some insignificant words, nothing more.
”
“You shouldn’t waste your time talking to someone like him,” Doreen added, her voice filled with anger.
She had just learned the full extent of Kristian’s deceit and was shocked.
Who would have guessed that the charming man was actually a complete fraud?
Without their timely intervention, Doreen couldn’t fathom what might have occurred.
Miley said with fury, “I’m relieved Matthew saw through his deceit.
It would have only gotten worse if it had continued.
”
Stella smiled as she listened to her friends talk.
She felt greatly relieved.
“Thanks, everyone, for standing by me during this time.
You’ve all been so concerned about me.
”
She glimpsed Alissa from the corner of her eye and released Doreen’s hand to approach her.
However, before she could utter a single word, Alissa clasped her hand firmly.
Tears rimmed Alissa’s eyes, and her voice trembled.
“You and your mom have endured so much over the years.
”
Stella was aware that
Alissa had visited Bella in the hospital two days before the trial.
She wasn’t informed about the specifics of their talk, but she noticed Alissa’s tearful eyes when she left the room.
It seemed to Stella that Alissa and Bella had shared some truths and known about their past relationship.
Now, after hearing what Alissa had to say, Stella felt even more certain.
Watching Alissa shed tears of joy, Stella couldn’t shake off a sense of sorrow.
“Alissa, your dedication over the years is commendable.
Thanks for caring about my mom.
You’re the reason everything progressed so swiftly.
”
Alissa’s call of “Ethan” ignited their suspicions about Kristian.
Without it, they would still be puzzled, trying to understand the situation.
Tears streamed down Alissa’s cheeks, and the sadness spread to everyone around her.
The atmosphere became heavy and somber.
Neville eased the tension, saying, “This isn’t the best place to sort things out.
It’s late now.
Why don’t we get some food and discuss this over dinner?”
Stella dried her tears and offered a tissue to Alissa, attempting to brighten the mood.
“Today should be a joyful day.
Let’s not focus on the sad things.
”
Then, turning to Matthew, she said, “It’s so rare for us all to be together like this.
How about we turn it into a get-together and invite Mom?”
###chapter2034
“Understood”, Matthew responded.
He quickly made arrangements for Bella to be picked up from the hospital.
The entire team left the courthouse together.
Stella and Matthew shared a ride.
After their courtroom encounter with Kristian, Stella felt as though a massive burden had been removed.
She was a bit tired.
She rested her head on Matthew’s shoulder and let out a relieved sigh.
“Finally, it’s over.
We can breathe easy now.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella preferred not to dwell on Kristian’s threats for now.
“Yes, you can live a peaceful life now,” Matthew said, consoling her and gently rubbing her hand.
Then he added, “Oh, and Elizabeth has been sent to a psychiatric hospital.
”
“Really?” Stella perked up from where she was leaning on his shoulder.
Matthew nodded slowly, maintaining his composure.
Stella looked concerned.
“Is this connected to you in any way?”
She recalled Elizabeth’s extreme action with the sulfuric acid and Matthew’s somber face.
She feared he might have reacted impulsively.
Matthew shook his head decisively.
“I didn’t do anything.
What happened with her has nothing to do with me.
”
Although he was furious at Elizabeth for her dangerous actions, he decided to adhere to legal procedures, considering Stella.
It was Elizabeth’s own stubbornness that led to her mental breakdown.
Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
She nestled against Matthew’s shoulder and lamented about Elizabeth.
“I never thought she would turn out this way.
If she had just released her bitterness sooner, she would still be Bella’s daughter.
My mom is so kind-hearted; she would eventually forgive her and love her as before.
”
Then, Stella looked at Matthew curiously and asked, “But is Elizabeth really Bella’s daughter?”
Matthew nodded.
“I had my suspicions, so after Elizabeth was arrested, I ordered a DNA test.
It confirmed it.
She is indeed Bella and Kristian’s daughter.
”
Stella felt a surge of sadness.
“She’s so ruthless, even capable of harming her own mother.
”
“Some people are inherently selfish,” Matthew said.
Grasping Matthew’s hand firmly, Stella said, “Just thinking about Mom living with those two day after day chills me to the bone.
Fortunately, she was smart about her finances, which kept them at bay.
Otherwise, given their madness, I might have lost my mom forever.
”
Remembering Kristian’s menacing glare earlier, Stella shuddered.
Matthew embraced her, comforting her.
“It’s all behind us now.
With us by Bella’s side, she has brighter days ahead
“Understood”, Matthew responded.
He quickly made arrangements for Bella to be picked up from the hospital.
The entire team left the courthouse together.
Stella and Matthew shared a ride.
After their courtroom encounter with Kristian, Stella felt as though a massive burden had been removed.
She was a bit tired.
She rested her head on Matthew’s shoulder and let out a relieved sigh.
“Finally, it’s over.
We can breathe easy now.
”
BunnyBookery ‘s BunnyBookery
Stella preferred not to dwell on Kristian’s threats for now.
“Yes, you can live a peaceful life now,” Matthew said, consoling her and gently rubbing her hand.
Then he added, “Oh, and Elizabeth has been sent to a psychiatric hospital.
”
“Really?” Stella perked up from where she was leaning on his shoulder.
Matthew nodded slowly, maintaining his composure.
Stella looked concerned.
“Is th
is connected to you in any way?”
She recalled Elizabeth’s extreme action with the sulfuric acid and Matthew’s somber face.
She feared he might have reacted impulsively.
Matthew shook his head decisively.
“I didn’t do anything.
What happened with her has nothing to do with me.
”
Although he was furious at Elizabeth for her dangerous actions, he decided to adhere to legal procedures, considering Stella.
It was Elizabeth’s own stubbornness that led to her mental breakdown.
Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
She nestled against Matthew’s shoulder and lamented about Elizabeth.
“I never thought she would turn out this way.
If she had just released her bitterness sooner, she would still be Bella’s daughter.
My mom is so kind-hearted; she would eventually forgive her and love her as before.
”
Then, Stella looked at Matthew curiously and asked, “But is Elizabeth really Bella’s daughter?”
Matthew nodded.
“I had my suspicions, so after Elizabeth was arrested, I ordered a DNA test.
It confirmed it.
She is indeed Bella and Kristian’s daughter.
”
Stella felt a surge of sadness.
“She’s so ruthless, even capable of harming her own mother.
”
“Some people are inherently selfish,” Matthew said.
Grasping Matthew’s hand firmly, Stella said, “Just thinking about Mom living with those two day after day chills me to the bone.
Fortunately, she was smart about her finances, which kept them at bay.
Otherwise, given their madness, I might have lost my mom forever.
”
Remembering Kristian’s menacing glare earlier, Stella shuddered.
Matthew embraced her, comforting her.
“It’s all behind us now.
With us by Bella’s side, she has brighter days ahead.
”
Stella nodded energetically.
.
”
Stella nodded energetically.
###chapter2035
News about Stella, Bella, and Kristian quickly spread throughout the elite circles of Seamarsh and Dorburn that day.
Kristian’s life sentence was the talk of the town.
Some began to murmur unsavory things about Bella, suggesting she might have orchestrated everything.
After all, Kristian had always been a gentleman in public, while Bella was seldom seen, always keeping a low profile.
However, most people sympathized with Bella.
The trial footage went viral, and the truth was laid bare for everyone to see.
“Bella’s been married for years, only to discover her husband’s deceit now? That’s awful! And some are even blaming her for orchestrating it.
How does that make any sense? She barely made it out alive!”
“The verdict has been delivered.
How can there still be doubt about what the court has decided?”
“Poor Stella.
She’s the true victim in all of this.
Due to those greedy individuals, she grew up without knowing her own mother.
They’ve known each other for so long, yet they couldn’t recognize one another.
It’s just heartbreaking.
”
“Bella had a car accident, and Stella has been a constant presence by her side in the hospital, looking after her.
Stella truly deserves every bit of happiness.
”
Bennett stepped into the Lowell family home.
Since the Lowells had relocated overseas, only Bennett’s grandparents remained, clinging to memories of the past.
Years had passed, and while everyone else had moved on, the elderly couple still found it hard to let go of their youngest son’s death.
As Bennett walked into the living room, he noticed Byron Lowell sitting alone.
“Hey, Grandpa, where’s Grandma?” he inquired.
His grandparents were aging.
Although they were well-cared for, Bennett still worried about them.
“Your grandma’s upstairs,” Byron answered softly.
Bennett nodded and was just about to relax when a loud thud came from upstairs.
“What was that noise?” he asked, alarmed.
“I’ll go check it out.
”
“Nothing to worry about,” Byron reassured him.
“Your grandma is having the servants clean out your uncle’s room.
Something must’ve just fallen.
Stay here.
”
He handed Bennett a hot cup of coffee, suggesting he sit down.
Feeling that Byron wanted a discussion, Bennett settled into a chair.
“So, Bennett, I thought you were back to finalize the arrangements for your engagement party with Joann,” Byron said frankly.
“What happened? Why did you call it off suddenly? Marriage is serious.
I gave you time to think, but this? It reflects poorly on both our families.
”
Bennett looked down, embarrassed.
“I’m sorry, Grandpa.
It’s all on me.
I took it lightly before.
I thought I could marry just anyone, but I’ve realized that’s not how it works.
”
Byron’s expression became concerned, and he cautiously asked, “Are you… in love with someone else?”
He knew Bennett well enough to understand that he wouldn’t change his mind without a significant reason.
With Bennett’s sudden change of heart, Byron could only think of this possibility.
Byron’s face darkened.
###chapter2036
ut Bennett shook his head.
“No, it’s not like that.
I just met someone who made me see Joann differently.
”
He avoided mentioning Stella further and looked earnestly at Byron.
“Grandpa, after a lot of reflection, for our family’s sake, I can’t bring Joann into our lives.
I hope you can understand and respect my decision.
”
Bennett’s tone grew cold as he recalled Joann’s recent outburst.
Observing Bennett’s firm resolve, Byron sighed deeply.
“You’re not like your father.
You’re more like your uncle.
You both always knew your own minds.
We couldn’t sway your uncle back in the day, and now that I’m old, I won’t try to sway you.
Just be sure this is what you truly want.
”
Bennett nodded with conviction.
“Grandpa, don’t worry.
I’ve got everything under control.
”
As they were talking, a loud crash came from upstairs.
Bennett and Byron looked at each other with concern.
Byron tried to get up using his cane, but Bennett quickly reassured him, saying, “It’s probably just the servant being clumsy and dropping something.
I’ll go check it out.
”
Bennett hurried upstairs and found a servant hastily cleaning up after accidentally dropping an iron box.
Kyra Lowell, Bennett’s grandmother, scolded with a frown, “How could you be so careless? These are all my son’s cherished belongings.
If anything is broken, you will be held responsible.
”
The servant was profuse
ly apologetic, saying, “I’m terribly sorry, ma’am.
It was an accident.
”
Seeing that it was just an accident, Bennett felt relieved.
He approached Kyra, trying to calm her.
“Grandma, it was just a mishap.
Please, don’t be upset.
”
As he helped Kyra to sit down, Bennett noticed a faded photograph on the floor.
The photograph had yellowed with age, showing his uncle clearly, but the woman beside him was just a blur.
As he picked up the photograph to hand it to the servant, he saw some writing on the back.
Since the photo got wet, the words written on the back of it were all soggy and blurry.
Even the woman’s mame could not be seen clearly.
Only the first three letters “Aar” were recognizable.
It must have been Bennett’s uncle and the woman’s first picture together.
After all, the love notes on the back were filled with sweetness.
The maid had already tidied up everything.
The only thing left was the photo in Bennett’s hand.
She wanted to take it back, so she said tentatively, “Mr.
Lowell, the photo in your hand…”
Bennett handed her the photo, stood up, and helped Kyra out.
He asked, “Grandma, why did you suddenly think of cleaning Uncle’s room?”
Kyra lowered her head and answered, “I’ve been dreaming of your uncle a lot lately, so I thought I’d have someone clean his room.
He always liked things neat.
If he ever comes back and sees dust everywhere, he’d be upset for ages.
”
When Bennett heard this, he felt a twinge in his heart.
He didn’t want to shatter his grandmother’s hopes, so he just listened quietly.
He also said a word or two from time to time.
###chapter2037
While chatting, they made their way back to the living room.
Kyra held Bennett’s hand and asked, “How long will you be staying this time? And what about your engagement to Joann?”
“Don’t worry about it, Grandma.
It has been taken care of.
Let’s not talk about it anymore,” Bennett said, helping Kyra sit beside him.
He added gently, “Actually, there’s something else I want to talk about.
”
He saw Kyra look at him in confusion, so he explained, “I want to take you and Grandpa abroad.
You are getting on in years, and you’re all alone here.
We are far from you.
If you fall ill, we won’t be able to take care of you right away.
Mom and Dad also agree with it.
”
Kyra didn’t say anything.
But hesitation was written all over her face.
On the other hand, Byron had a solemn expression.
Bennett understood their concerns.
He quickly reassured them, “There’s no rush.
You don’t need to answer me now.
I have a project here that will take at least six months to finish.
You can use this time to think it over carefully.
But seriously, I look forward to taking you abroad with me.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
He paused and hesitated for a moment before he added, “And if Uncle is still here, he will definitely come with us.
”
As soon as he said this, tears welled up in Byron’s and Kyra‘s eyes.
Kyra couldn’t help sobbing bitterly.
It had been a long time, and they had not heard anything from their youngest son.
No news about him, either.
In their hearts, they already knew he was probably gone.
But whenever he was mentioned, they felt like a dagger pierced their hearts.
Bennett knew his words
were harsh.
But he had to say them.
Otherwise, they would not move on and learn to face the truth.
He didn’t want his grandparents to spend the rest of their lives agonizing over his uncle’s disappearance.
“Uncle was a very filial son.
He would never want you two to be alone,” Bennett said softly.
The sadness on Byron’s and Kyra’s faces made Bennett feel bad.
After a while, Kyra finally stopped crying and regained her composure.
She took Bennett’s hand and said, “Let’s give it a little more time.
We’ve waited so long already.
Who knows, maybe one day we’ll hear something from him.
”
Bennett understood them very well.
The years of waiting had made them cling to a glimmer of hope.
So, he nodded in agreement.
“Okay.
I’ll wait with you, Grandma.
”
Kyra’s expression softened.
She said, “Speaking of which, you’ve been searching for years.
Even if you haven’t found your uncle, how about his daughter? Have you found any clue about her whereabouts? Where is she?”
When his grandmother brought up his cousin, Bennett’s thoughts immediately went to Stella.
However, Bennett had done some digging and discovered that Stella’s mother had never lived in Seamarsh, which meant they probably weren’t related.
Bennett quickly snapped out of his daydream, not wanting to get his grandmother’s hopes up unnecessarily.
He said gently, “Sorry, Grandma.
There is no news about my cousin either.
It’s been a long time, and the whole situation was quite unexpected.
We don’t have much to work with.
It might be tough to find her, but I’ll do my best.
”
As the hint of hope in her eyes dimmed, Kyra’s face dropped.
She sighed deeply, her eyes closing as she complained, “Why did my boy have to endure all this? They were once so content.
Byron said with a sigh, “Your grandma has been looking for answers for years, and it’s natural she’s feeling anxious.
Don’t stress yourself too much, Bennett.
Sometimes, no news is good news.
It’s been years, and I’ve made peace with it.
Tell your parents not to worry.
I’m actually thinking about moving abroad.
”
###chapter2038
This reassurance seemed to relieve some of Bennett’s burden.
He was still eager to uncover any details about his uncle’s family to ease everyone’s mind.
After a brief silence, Bennett suggested, “Grandpa, Grandma, maybe you could try to remember again.
Any small details you might have overlooked? Did Uncle leave any clues?”
Byron pondered deeply but eventually shook his head.
Suddenly, Kyra slapped her thigh and exclaimed, “Oh, I remember something!”
Both Byron and Bennett quickly turned toward her.
Kyra continued, “A year after the accident, I received a box containing a photo of him, his wife, and their daughter.
”
Promptly, she called out to a servant, “Please bring the photo I left on the bedside table.
”
The servant returned shortly with the photo, asking, “Is this the one, ma’am?”
Kyra confirmed with a nod, and Bennett took the photo eagerly.
It was much clearer than the previous one.
In the photo, his uncle was holdin
g a little girl, and next to him stood a strikingly beautiful woman, her attention fixed lovingly on the child.
They looked like a happy family.
“Grandma, may I take this picture with me?” Bennett requested.
Then he added, “I’ll arrange for someone to thoroughly search for them.
”
Kyra nodded her approval.
The next day, Stella was preparing to visit the hospital to check on Bella when she received a call from Clint.
Stella had been silent about everything that had happened, intending to keep it hidden from Clint.
“Grandpa, what’s the occasion for your call today?” Stella asked, trying to keep her voice light, hoping not to reveal anything.
Clint’s tone was serious.
“Where are you right now? I’m currently in Seamarsh.
”
Stella was surprised.
“Why have you come all this way so suddenly?”
Clint seemed slightly annoyed.
“Why didn’t you inform me about what was happening? Do you think I’m too old to be of any assistance?”
Stella felt disheartened, not having anticipated that he would discover the recent incidents.
She hurried to clarify, “I just didn’t want to cause you any worry.
Everything’s under control now, and your health is my priority.
”
Eager to change the subject, Stella quickly asked, “So, where are you exactly? I’ll come and pick you up immediately.
”
However, Clint was determined.
“No need, dear.
Continue with your plans.
I’ll go straight to the hospital to see your mother.
”
Stella had arranged to visit Bella in the hospital.
Knowing Clint was also heading there, she scheduled to meet him at the hospital.
###chapter2039
She waited at the hospital entrance for a bit and saw Clint stepping out of a taxi.
Stella quickly approached him, offering an appeasing smile.
“Grandpa, please don’t be mad.
It was not a big deal, so I hadn’t planned on telling you.
”
“Not a big deal? So, what do you think is a big deal? If I hadn’t come to Seamarsh today, would you have kept me from seeing your mother forever?” Clint’s words were sharp, but his expression remained calm.
Stella responded with an awkward smile, “I was going to call you to come to Seamarsh once my mom was discharged from the hospital.
”
“Ever since you married, you’ve been making decisions alone.
” Clint’s tone softened.
Together, they headed to the ward.
Bella was surprised to see Clint and greeted him warmly, “What brings you here?”
She started to get up.
Clint quickly stopped her, saying, “No.
Don’t get up.
I just came to see you.
How could you not tell me what happened? If I hadn’t accidentally seen the news, I would still be in the dark.
Didn’t anyone think to inform me? Don’t you take me as your family?”
Bella, not used to being scolded by an elder, was momentarily at a loss for words.
Stella interjected, “Grandpa, you are the person I respect the most.
I decided to keep it from you.
Mom didn’t know.
”
Clint sighed and said, “I’m just worried about you.
I raised Stella as if she were my granddaughter.
My children aren’t kind to me.
Now, I see you as my daughter, but you hide things from me, making
me feel redundant.
”
Bella felt guilty.
“It’s our fault.
We shouldn’t have kept this from you.
I’m truly grateful for all the care you’ve shown Stella over the years.
I’ve never had a father or mother, and for the first time, I feel cared for by an elder.
It makes me very happy.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
The three of them chatted for a while, and Bella asked Clint, “Do you have any photos of Stella from her childhood? I missed out on those years, and I’d love to see what she was Like.
”
Clint responded, “I documented every stage of Stella’s growth, but the albums are at my home, not here.
”
Bella was slightly disappointed but quickly perked up.
“When I left the hospital, let’s visit Bysea together.
I’d like to see where Stella grew up.
”
Clint nodded and said, “Sure.
”
Then, he suddenly added, “Actually, I have some photos on my phone.
Let me show you those for now.
”
He opened his phone’s gallery and shared the images with Bella.
Bella gazed at a photo of a young Stella, and her expression softened.
Her fingers lightly caressed the little girl’s cheek in the photo, stirring a mix of emotions within her.
She regretted not being there for Stella during her early years, and on the other hand, she felt the happiness of reconnecting with what she had missed.
As they viewed the photos, Clint smiled warmly.
“You and your daughter share a resemblance.
Stella has always been adorable, right from her childhood.
”
Bella found herself smiling in response.
###chapter2040
She hoped to trigger some memories through these photos, but her past remained elusive.
It was clear that relying solely on the photos wasn’t enough.
She knew she needed to pursue treatment to try to regain her memory.
Clint’s visit was brief.
After a short conversation, he began to show signs of fatigue since he had traveled a long way here.
Stella encouraged him to get some rest.
The following day, Bella was officially discharged from the hospital.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew and Stella came to collect her.
Stella presented her with a bouquet and said, “Congratulations, Mom.
”
Bella accepted the flowers, smiling.
“Thank you.
”
Matthew, ever thoughtful, opened the car door for them and informed Bella, “My grandparents have set up a family meal and invited you to join us at the family home.
”
Back at the Clark family house, Waldo, Lucia, and Clint waited eagerly.
When Lucia first glimpsed Bella, her face brightened like a sunrise.
“We always rave about Stella’s beauty, but it turns out she’s inherited her mother’s looks.
”
Bella’s cheeks reddened slightly, showing a touch of shyness.
Lucia, with a welcoming smile
, guided Bella to the couch.
“Stella told us about your accident, dear.
How are you feeling now? I hope you’re starting to feel better.
”
Bella’s heart swelled with gratitude at the warm reception.
Meeting Lucia’s gaze, she answered sincerely, “I’m almost back to my old self.
Thanks to Matthew, who handled everything while I was in the hospital.
”
Lucia dismissed it with a smile.
“That’s what he should do as your son-in-law.
Otherwise, how could you trust him with Stella?”
Bella gave Stella a warm smile before looking back at Lucia.
“Matthew’s a true gem.
I’m not worried about him at all.
It’s wonderful to see them so in love.
”
Lucia’s smile grew wider.
“Yes, and it would be even more amazing with a Little one running around in a few years.
”
Stella’s cheeks turned bright red at the teasing.
At that moment, Lindsay stepped out of the kitchen, beaming with joy.
“Bella, Stella, welcome back! I heard Bella was discharged today, so I baked a cake to celebrate.
”
Her smile was radiant, almost blinding.
For a fleeting moment, Stella wondered if their earlier argument had been nothing more than a figment of her imagination.
Yet Stella had no intention of playing games with her, so she chose silence, letting the quiet stretch between them.
Bella immediately sensed Stella’s coldness toward Lindsay.
Whatever the reason, Bella had no desire to feign warmth that wasn’t genuinely felt.
“Thanks, you are so kind,” Bella said, her tone civil but marked with an unmistakable distance.
###chapter2041
Lucia, perceptive to the undercurrent of tension, could tell there was more to the story, though she wasn’t privy to the details.
Considering both Stella and Lindsay were part of the Clark family, she felt a compelling urge to mend fences.
She interjected smoothly, “Lindsay woke up early to prepare all this, knowing you and your mom would be here.
”
Stella said curtly, “Thanks, Lindsay.
”
But she quickly shifted her attention to Clint and Waldo.
“Hey, you must be starving by now.
It’s about noon.
Let’s not keep lunch waiting, shall we?”
Lindsay’s smile wavered, struggling to be genuine as she sensed Stella’s disinterest and Bella’s restrained reaction.
The men around them remained unaware of the underlying tension, their focus elsewhere.
Waldo turned to Clint and said, “My stomach’s starting to rumble.
Since we’re all here, let’s make this a big family meal.
”
Clint agreed with a nod.
They all made their way to the dining room.
Waldo and Lucia walked side by side, while Clint chatted warmly with Bella, filling the space with a cozy feeling.
Stella stayed close to Bella, and Matthew kept a careful watch over her.
The family buzzed with smiles and laughter, though Lindsay felt a growing sense of isolation.
She stayed still, her teeth clenched, watching their backs with a creeping sense of uncertainty about her place in the group.
Inside the dining room, the ta
ble was filled with tempting dishes, each one clearly chosen with Bella’s health and preferences in mind.
It was obvious that a lot of thought had gone into the meal.
A servant placed a plate in front of Stella, and as she noticed a piece of fish, a wave of nausea suddenly hit her.
Stella fought to suppress the nausea rising within her.
Waldo turned to Bella with a smile and said, “This fish is the chef’s special.
It’s perfect for your recovery.
”
Bella smiled and said, “Looks so fresh! The chef really did a great job.
”
Clint said, “Definitely.
The ingredients and the cooking are first- rate.
”
While everyone praised the fish, Stella couldn’t manage to eat it.
She attempted to take a bite, but as she brought it to her lips, she gripped her chest and nearly gagged.
Sitting beside her, Bella noticed Stella’s extreme reaction and expressed her concern, saying, “Hey, are you okay? Are you feeling iu?”
Matthew also became anxious.
“Are you feeling sick, or is the fish not to your Liking?”
“I’m fine,” Stella replied as she tried to push her plate away.
Just then, a bowl of rich meat soup was set before her.
###chapter2042
It should have smelled delicious, but to Stella, it was repulsive.
Her face soured, and she quickly covered her mouth before rushing out.
Bella stood up, concerned.
“I’m going to check on her.
”
But Matthew stopped her and said, “Stay and eat.
I’ll go check on her.
”
He then hurried after Stella.
Bella felt slightly reassured, knowing Matthew was with Stella.
She resumed her seat, her gaze lingering on the path they had taken.
Lucia and Waldo exchanged looks, both confused and worried.
Suddenly, Lucia’s face lit up with realization.
Waldo was surprised at her reaction and asked, “What’s up?”
Lucia exclaimed, “It just dawned on me.
Stella’s sudden reaction… Could she be pregnant? Do you remember my early days of pregnancy?”
As soon as the words left her mouth, Lindsay’s hold on her utensils tightened, her expression contorting in disbelief.
Stella was pregnant!
Lindsay struggled to conceal her envy, keeping her emotions under wraps.
When Stella and Matthew returned from the bathroom, they overheard Lucia’s speculation and were both surprised.
Stella subconsciously tightened her hold on Matthew’s hand.
Lucia, oblivious to the tension, smiled brightly at them.
Convinced that Stella might be pregnant but not wanting to cause any stress, she glanced subtly at Stella’s abdomen and asked with warmth, “Stella, are you feeling any better now? Is everything okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.
Sorry for worrying you,” Stella responded, taking her seat amid a whirlwind of emotions.
Lucia turned to a servant and said, “Please prepare some Light food.
Stella might have an upset stomach.
Stella, if you’re still not feeling well, remind Matthew to take you to the hospital.
”
Feeling the weight of everyone’s gaze, Stella shifted uncomfortably in her seat.
She was aware that Matthew was hesitant about starting a family.
If she were indeed pregnant, would he be supportive? Or would he suggest an abortion, as he had in the past?
Lindsay, picking up on Stella’s discomfort, secretly speculated whether Stella was apprehensive about the baby, fearing it might interfere with her career.
Seizing the moment, Lindsay feigned concern and said, “Having an upset stomach is not a minor thing.
Stella, you should head to the hospital for a check-up.
If you’re really pregnant, Grandpa and Grandma will be thrilled.
”
Stella’s heart raced as she met the expectant looks of the three elders.
She knew Lindsay must have said those words out of ulterior motives, but she couldn’t muster the focus to address them now.
###chapter2043
A heavy weight seemed to press on her chest.
The idea of having a baby overwhelmed her.
She was clueless about Matthew’s feelings on the matter.
The mere possibility of pregnancy threw her into a state of panic.
At her wit’s end, Stella felt utterly lost.
Matthew, despite his whirlwind of emotions, gave Stella’s hand a comforting squeeze and said, “I’ll have her see a doctor later.
”
“That’s wise,” Lucia responded, masking her worry that it could be a false alarm.
She said, “Try not to worry too much.
Looking after your health comes first.
”
Matthew responded with a casual nod, but Stella noticed his hand was cold, deepening the dread in her heart.
Lindsay observed the interaction between Matthew and Stella intently, a smug expression crossing her face.
They had been married long enough to have children, she reasoned unless there was some underlying issue.
This only validated her suspicion that they didn’t agree on having children.
Perhaps it was Stella who didn’t want a child yet, and Lindsay was more than ready to step in if that was the case.
Lucia’s longing for a great-grandchild was unmistakable.
If Stella showed disinterest, it would undoubtedly disappoint her.
Should this scenario persist, both Waldo and Lucia would find it unacceptable.
They would soon seek someone else to take Stella’s place as Matthew’s wife.
With both Lucia and Matthew di
scontent, Stella and Matthew’s marriage seemed destined for divorce.
Lindsay couldn’t hide her delight at the thought.
Overwhelmed with joy, Lindsay devoured her entire meal.
Stella, on the other hand, struggled to eat and left most of her food untouched.
She excused herself from the table and hurried to the bathroom.
There, she retched without relief, her stomach churning with nausea that refused to subside.
After rinsing her mouth and gazing into the mirror, she found herself unconsciously caressing her abdomen.
Could she be pregnant?
Matthew entered and observed her closely.
His expression was unreadable, his tone even.
“Are you sure you’re pregnant?”
Accepting the tissue he handed her, Stella wiped her mouth, and responded with uncertainty, “I can’t be sure, but my period hasn’t come yet.
It’s possible, given the timing.
”
Matthew watched her carefully, his silence heavy with implication.
###chapter2044
His silence rendered Stella speechless.
She remained uneasy, taking a moment to gather her composure before meeting his gaze.
His impassive face offered no clues to his thought, though she sensed his possible displeasure at the prospect of pregnancy.
Still, hope flickered within her.
Tentatively, she ventured, “If it turns out I am pregnant, would you still prefer not to have a child?”
Matthew didn’t provide a direct response, merely suggesting, “We should revisit this discussion after we get the test results.
”
Stella’s heart sank slightly with his evasion.
She had hoped that as time passed, his views would soften, yet he seemed as unyielding as before.
No longer wanting to evade the issue, she confronted him, “Matthew, we’re married now.
You’ve seen our family’s reaction.
They’re all looking forward to the arrival of a baby.
”
As she expressed her feelings, a heaviness settled in her chest.
“I need to understand.
Is it that you don’t want children, or is it that you don’t want them with me?”
“No, that’s not the problem,” Matthew quickly denied, but then faltered.
“It’s just that…”
‘s BunnyBookery
For the first time, he wasn’t sure how he really felt.
Stella’s expression darkened with concern.
Throughout their trials, she knew he loved her, yet his ambiguous feelings about starting a family bewildered her.
Softly, she confessed, “I’ve always wanted children.
Growing up without my own parents, having only Grandpa, I’ve felt a void.
I dream of giving our child the love and attention I missed out on.
”
Matthew was visibly moved.
After a thoughtful pause, he finally addressed her concerns squarely.
“If it turns out you’re pregnant, then we’ll welcome our baby.
I promise to do everything I can to be a great father.
”
Stella was unexpectedly relieved by his admission.
She had anticipated a difficult conversation, not his sudden acceptance.
It was clear to her that his decision had not come easily.
She embraced him tightly, murmu
ing, “Don’t fret.
Just as you grew to love me, you’ll master being a great father.
I have faith in you.
”
“Okay,” Matthew responded, nodding slightly.
The following morning, Matthew and Stella made their way to the private hospital owned by their family.
With all the recent events, they were always in the public eye.
Every minor action was magnified by someone, and they just wanted to keep things quiet.
Observing Matthew’s weary expression, Stella understood the strain he was under after a sleepless night.
Gently squeezing his hand, she offered a silent reassurance.
Shortly, it was time for Stella’s appointment.
The doctor, renowned in her field of gynecology, looked visibly fatigued, with dark shadows under her eyes and a distracted air.
Stella couldn’t resist expressing her concern, “Are you alright? You seem exhausted.
”
The doctor returned to the moment and flashed a weary smile.
“I’m okay, just had a long night shift.
No worries.
”
Stella nodded, her trust in the doctor’s professionalism intact.
“Thank you, I really appreciate it.
”
As the examination proceeded, the doctor led with expertise.
The hospital’s efficiency was evident as they swiftly delivered the results.
The doctor pointed to a tiny shape on the ultrasound screen and announced, “Congratulations, Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark! The test confirms that Mrs.
Clark is indeed pregnant.
The fetus is still very small, but we’ll schedule a detailed examination soon.
”
###chapter2045
When the doctor confirmed her pregnancy, Stella felt as if her world had momentarily stopped.
It was unclear whether surprise or concern dominated her expression.
She clasped her hands together, noticing the dampness of her palms.
Matthew’s expression was equally somber as he repeatedly scrutinized the examination report.
“Is she really pregnant?” he asked, seeking confirmation yet again.
Accustomed to the anxiety of expectant parents, the doctor offered them a reassuring smile.
“Yes, Mr.
Clark,” she confirmed.
Observing their serious demeanors, she offered words of comfort.
“I understand how you’re feeling, but try not to worry too much.
The pregnancy test doesn’t show any problems.
If you have any questions later on, feel free to ask me anytime.
”
The reality of the situation began to sink in for Stella, making her feel as though she was walking on air.
It wasn’t until the doctor’s reassuring words that she fully grasped the news.
“Thank you.
I see,” she responded, finally finding her voice.
As they left the doctor’s office, Stella instinctively touched her stomach, marveling at the thought of the life growing inside her.
It felt surreal.
The memory of the three elders’ reactions the previous day crossed her mind.
Clutching Matthew’s sleeve anxiously, she asked, “Should we share the news with Lucia and the others?”
Matthew replied, “Let’s head back to the Clark family home first.
Grandma has invited us for breakfast.
”
Stella nodded in agreement, and they both exited the hospital.
Once seated in the car, Stella’s phone chimed-a message from Bella inquiring about the examination results.
She stared at the screen, lost in thought, hesitating before deciding not to respond right away.
After a prolonged silence, she glanced over at Matthew, trying to gauge his expression.
Matthew’s face was set in a grave expression, unreadable to Stella, amplifying her anxiety.
Just as he was about to start the car, Stella, unable to contain her nervousness, reached out to stop him.
Matthew turned to her, a look of perplexity on his face.
Stella handed him her phone, displaying Bella’s message, and asked with earnest concern, “Are you truly ready for us to have this child?”
Her voice carried a tinge of worry, betraying her fear that he might still be reluctant to embrace fatherhood.
Matthew stared back with intense seriousness, about to respond, when his phone interrupted with a ring.
It was Fernando.
Answering the call, he switched it to speaker mode.
“Mr.
Clark, regarding the books you ordered, should I deliver them to your office or to Prosper Bay?” Fernando’s voice came through clearly.
Matthew instructed, “Place them on both sides.
”
After issuing the command, he ended the call and turned his gaze to Stella in silence.
Stella, puzzled by their cryptic conversation, inquired, “Books? Which books did you order?”
Matthew clarified, “I asked Fernando to gather every parenting book he could find.
”
###chapter2046
Stella’s surprise was evident.
She hadn’t anticipated Matthew’s prompt response.
“I mulled over it all might.
We’re destined to share our lives, and eventually, we’ll start a family.
I’m ready to embrace that future.
I eagerly anticipate welcoming our child into this world with you.
”
The seriousness etched on Matthew’s face conveyed his sleepless night, lost in contemplation.
Stella realized that, despite his initial reluctance yesterday when he discovered her possible pregnancy, Matthew had shifted his stance for her.
Touched by his willingness to adapt, she embraced him tightly.
“I understand,” she assured him softly.
“I’m here to support you through your fears, and together, we’ll joyfully anticipate our baby’s arrival.
”
When Stella returned to the Clark family home, she shared the joyful news of her pregnancy with the three elders.
Lucia, Waldo, and Clint all beamed with happiness.
Especially Lucia, who was overjoyed.
She exclaimed, squeezing Stella’s hand tightly, “We’re going to have a little one soon! You’ll need a lot of rest in the coming months, Stella.
”
Then, she instructed, giving Matthew a meaningful look, “Matthew, make sure she’s always happy, okay?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew nodded earnestly.
“Absolutely, I’ll take good care of them both.
”
Stella smiled bashfully, her gaze dropping slightly.
The room buzzed with happiness, but Lindsay felt increasingly isolated.
She noticed the seamless bond between Stella and Matthew, starkly different from the previous night’s tension.
What on earth happened last night? How did things change so swiftly?
As laughter filled the room, Lindsay’s unease deepened.
She felt precarious, as if standing on thin ice, about to crack.
If Stella’s pregnancy went smoothly, Lucia’s focus would undoubtedly shift to the baby, potentially sidelining Lindsay.
This thought of her uncertain future caused her discomfort.
She clenched her fists under the table, striving to conceal her anxiety.
Lucia, swept up in the excitement of expecting a great-grandchild, failed to notice Lindsay’s unease.
She turned to the chef and said, “Prepare a nutritious meal for Stella.
”
Then she offered some pregnancy advice to Stella.
“Now that you’re pregnant, you need to take extra care.
Rest often, avoid strenuous activity, and eat light, nutritious meals.
Your body is undergoing a lot, Stella.
”
Lucia’s attentive care for Stella felt like a sting to Lindsay.
She struggled to hold back her resentment, maintaining her composure.
Listening to Lucia enumerate all the pregnancy precautions, Stella felt a bit overwhelmed.
Beside her, Matthew paid close attention, absorbing every word.
“Thank you, Grandma.
I’ll remember everything you’ve said,” he responded once Lucia finished.
Lucia beamed, always concerned that she hadn’t done enough for Stella.
“Matthew’s always so busy.
I’m not sure he’ll have time to care for you properly.
Why don’t you stay here during your pregnancy? We have plenty of staff to assist you.
”
Stella didn’t want to be overprotected but was too shy to .
###chapter2047
Matthew, however, understood her and interjected, “Don’t worry, Grandma.
Stella’s just begun her pregnancy, and she should remain in familiar surroundings to nurture the baby.
I’ll arrange for Erin to stay at Prosper Bay for a while instead.
”
Lucia’s expression showed her reluctance.
Matthew added quickly, “Besides, this house is far from my office.
It’d be hard for her to rest with all the traveling.
”
Lucia looked worried.
“But you’re pregnant, Stella.
Can’t you take a break from work?”
Stella appreciated Lucia’s concern but couldn’t make any promises right then.
Lucia persisted, “Or maybe bring your work home.
We’re not short on resources, after all.
”
As the tension began to rise, Lindsay intervened smoothly, “Grandma, let’s let Stella make her own decisions about her work.
”
She took Lucia’s hand reassuringly and said, “Many women nowadays prefer to focus on work rather than have children.
Stella is ambitious, and we shouldn’t pressure her.
”
Lucia’s face changed just as Lindsay had hoped it would.
Lucia quickly explained, “Stella, please don’t misunderstand.
I’m not suggesting you quit your job.
It’s just that being newly pregnant might make you more tired.
How about you rest a bit now, and we can handle the work later?”
Seeing the worry on Lucia’s face, Stella smiled to reassure her.
“Lucia, it’s okay.
I understand what you’re saying.
I’m still feeling pretty good, though.
Sitting around until the baby comes would drive me crazy.
Keeping busy with work makes me happy.
”
This seemed to ease Lucia’s concern somewhat.
Stella promised sincerely, “I’ll ensure to take good care of myself, so don’t worry.
”
Lucia felt a lot better hearing this promise.
Turning to Lindsay, Stella’s voice became cooler.
“No matter how ambitious I am, my family always comes first.
I won’t compromise on that.
”
Stella’s expression was cold, her words sharp, causing Lindsay’s face to harden.
Lindsay attempted a faint smile.
“I was just giving Grandma a friendly reminder, that’s all.
”
Stella looked at Lindsay in a way that made it clear she wasn’t fooled, making Lindsay uncomfortable.
Stella had no patience for Lindsay’s antics.
She said firmly, “If you’re going to say something dodgy, you might as well keep it to yourself.
”
Lindsay nodded and said, “You’re right, Stella.
I’ll think more carefully before speaking next time.
”
But internally, she was filled with anger.
Stella seemed so overconfident during her pregnancy.
She would Likely be even more so after the baby’s birth.
Lindsay clenched her jaw, determined not to let Stella’s pregnancy progress smoothly.
She felt she had to act quickly or she would become irrelevant.
###chapter2048
Her eyes grew colder, reflecting her resolve.
Meanwhile, Joann went to visit Bennett’s place.
Following their recent argument at the hospital, Bennett avoided her even more.
She hoped to mend things, but as she approached his door, holding a food container, a servant blocked her path.
“Miss Crawford, I’m sorry, but you’re not welcome here.
You should leave.
”
Joann’s expression darkened.
“Who are you to tell me what to do? Move!”
The servant looked troubled.
“Miss Crawford, please.
Mr.
Lowell has specifically said not to let you in.
”
Joann’s anger flared up.
“You’re just a servant.
Don’t talk to me like that.
Move now!”
She pushed past the servant and hurried upstairs, determined to confront Bennett.
“Miss Crawford, wait!” the servant called after her, trying to catch up, but Joann had already disappeared upstairs.
She walked toward Bennett’s room, passing by his study, where the door was slightly open.
Thinking he was there, she swung the door open and called out, “Bennett, we need to talk.
”
However, the room was vacant.
As she turned to leave, a photo on the desk caught her eye.
Joann set the food container down on the desk with a soft thud and reached for the photograph.
The man in it bore a faint resemblance to Bennett.
She knew Bennett’s father well; this was not him.
Her thoughts drifted to the whispers she’d heard about the Lowell family.
The year Bennett’s uncle had suffered a severe car crash, the entire family had vanished into thin air.
In the past few years, Bennett had been tirelessly searching for his missing relatives.
Could this be the missing uncle?
Then, she looked at the woman and child in the photo.
As Joann puzzled over the connection, Bennett’s sharp voice sliced through her thoughts.
“What the hell are you doing here?” he snapped, his voice colder than a winter chill.
“Who gave you the right to come in?”
Startled, Joann dropped the photograph to the desk.
Bennett’s usual calm demeanor was absent; his anger was palpable.
It was a rare sight and spoke volumes.
Desperately trying to regain composure, Joann stammered, “I… I brought you some soup.
I thought you might still be feeling unwell, so I made this for you.
It’s good for recovery.
”
She opened the food container, revealing the steaming soup, but Bennett barely spared it a glance.
His face twisted in displeasure.
“I don’t want it.
And I don’t care how you got in this time, but don’t do it again.
Just take that soup and get out.
You’re not welcome here.
”
His harsh words impaled Joann like a spear.
###chapter2049
Gently, she set the soup aside, her gaze growing misty.
“Why are you being so cruel to me? I care about you deeply.
Can’t you see how much I love you?”
Bennett, however, was impervious to her pain.
He walked to his chair and sat down, his expression darkening as he noticed the photo had been disturbed.
With icy detachment, he cut her off.
“We’re finished, Joann.
Don’t come after me, and keep your hands off my belongings.
”
Joann’s heart sank as she faced Bennett’s unyielding demeanor, feeling a deep sense of betrayal.
“Why are you treating me like this? What have I done to deserve this? Even if I made mistakes, can’t we talk it through? Give me a chance to fix things?”
She struggled to understand what she could have possibly done wrong and why Bennett’s coldness had led him to end their engagement.
Was Stella involved? But they barely knew each other, didn’t they?
“Life doesn’t always offer second chances,” Bennett said with a rigid finality, reaching for the photo.
As Joann’s heart pounded, her attempt to grasp his hand in desperation only led to the food container toppling over.
Soup erupted in a sudden splash.
Bennett’s face twisted with alarm as he reached for the photo, but it was already too late.
The once-clear image was now a soggy mess, the faces blurred beyond recognition.
Joann’s heart sank as she saw the photo in ruins.
Panic gripped her, and she stumbled over apologies.
Bennett’s face tightened with displeasure.
“Just go,” he muttered, his voice tinged with irritation.
He tried to fix the photo with a tissue, but it was no use.
Frustration lined his face as he realized the damage couldn’t be undone.
Joann had come to make things right, but it wasn’t going as planned “I didn’t mean for this,” she said softly, her voice full of regret.
Thinking about the people in the photo, she searched for a way to fix her mistake.
“Are you looking for your uncle? Let me help.
My brother isn’t the smartest, but he knows a lot of people.
He might be able to help find him.
”
Bennett’s expression hardened.
“Stay out of my family’s affairs, Joann.
This is your final warning.
”
Instantly, he picked up the phone and quickly dialed.
“Security, please escort her out.
She’s not welcome here anymore.
”
Tears streamed down her cheeks as she pleaded desperately, “Please, hear me out.
I can help you find him.
Just give me a chance to fix things.
”
Bennett’s expression remained cold and distant, his eyes fixed on the floor.
Soon, security intervened, swiftly guiding her away.
She resisted their efforts, but they were firm, pulling her away from the study and toward the exit.
###chapter2050
The front gate shut firmly behind her, making a distinct clicking sound.
She looked up at the study window, frustration building as it blocked her view of Bennett.
She couldn’t come to terms with the idea that their engagement was over or that she had lost Bennett.
Wiping her tears away, she walked back to her car.
Her mind raced, searching for a way to appease Bennett’s anger.
Finally, she decided to help Bennett find his uncle, hoping it would mend their relationship.
She was determined to confront the lingering issue that had haunted him for years, hoping it would reshape his opinion of her.
She wasted no time and dialed Felix’s number with resolve.
The noise on the other end overwhelmed her, prompting her to shout, “Hey, Felix, where are you? There’s something urgent I need to discuss!”
“Clubhouse,” he slurred.
He obviously was deep into a night of revelry.
The call abruptly ended before she could say more.
Familiar with Felix’s usual spots, she hurried to the clubhouse.
Pushing open the door to his private room at Starlight Club, she felt a wave of stale air hit her.
The room was in disarray-empty bottles littered tables and the floor, evidence of a wild night.
A man near the entrance blinked at her arrival.
“Joann? Looking for your brother?”
Not finding Felix, she frowned and demanded, “Where’s Felix?”
One of Felix’s friends hoisted him up from where he slumped on the couch, clearly out for the count after a long night of partying.
“Felix, your sister’s looking for you!”
Felix, swaying slightly, muttered, “Sister? What’s going on?”
Joann’s face twisted in frustration as she grabbed a glass and poured its contents on him.
Felix snapped out of his stupor.
“Damn it! Who’s disturbing me?” he grumbled, but softened upon recognizing Joann.
“What’s the matter?”
“I need to talk to you,” she said firmly.
“Let’s go outside.
”
If it weren’t for Bennett, she wouldn’t have stepped foot in this rowdy place.
Outside, Felix stood against the wall, squinting at her in confusion.
###chapter2051
“What’s happening?”
“I need your help finding Bennett’s uncle.
”
At the mention of Bennett, Felix’s mood darkened.
“Enough already.
Can’t you move on? Why are you so focused on impressing that Bennett guy? And isn’t his uncle long gone? I can’t track down someone who’s already dead, and I have other priorities.
”
After finishing his words, Felix turned around to return to the private room.
But Joann suddenly stepped forward and grabbed his wrist.
“Felix, please.
I can’t cancel the engagement.
After everything that happened, I have become a laughingstock in the elite circles.
If I don’t marry Bennett, who else will want to marry me?”
Everyone knew she set up Bennett to force him to marry her.
They were all having a field day with what she had done.
If this engagement was canceled, no man from a wealthy family would be willing to marry her.
At the thought of this, Joann’s grip on Felix’s wrist tightened.
Tears streamed down her face like a waterfall.
“I don’t care how you do it, but you have to help me.
Otherwise, I will tell Mom to stop your allowance.
”
Although Felix was a notorious playboy, he loved his sister very much.
He couldn’t bear to see Joann crying bitterly like this.
However, he was still angry.
She was the daughter of the Crawford family.
How could she let herself get into such a mess for a man?
But although he was angry, he loved Joann very much.
He couldn’t leave her hanging.
She was family, after all.
So, in the end, Felix sighed and gave in.
“Okay, I’ll help you.
But I have a condition.
”
“Felix, as long as you are willing to help me, I can do anything,”
Joann said without hesitation.
Felix got straight to the point.
“Get me and Lindsay together.
Then, I’ll fix this mess for you.
”
Joann hesitated.
She knew Felix’s reputation.
Any woman associated with him would not have a good life.
Besides, Lindsay already had Matthew in her heart.
How was it possible that she would choose Felix?
Joann hesitated, torn between choosing her own happiness and Lindsay’s.
After a moment, she decided to prioritize her own happiness.
Lindsay had just called to inform her that Stella was pregnant.
It only meant Lindsay had no chance to marry Matthew now.
At the thought of this, Joann immediately agreed to Felix’s request.
“Okay.
As long as you keep your word, I will help you win her over.
”
“It’s settled then.
” Felix nodded in agreement.
“Give me the name and picture of the person you are looking for.
”
Joann lowered her head and stared at his outstretched hand.
She was stunned for a moment.
Then, she said, “I saw the photo just now, but I didn’t take a photo of the image.
Bennett’s uncle seldom showed up in public.
”
###chapter2052
Felix’s brows furrowed tightly.
“Alright.
What about the name? There should be a name, right?”
Joann fell silent.
Bennett and his family were tight-lipped about this whole thing.
How would she know his uncle’s name?
Felix was a little impatient when he saw the confusion on Joann’s face.
“Come on! You don’t even have the most basic information? How am I supposed to find him? Do you think I can do miracles?”
After saying this, Felix was about to leave.
But Joann held his arm again to stop him.
“Hold on.
I don’t have the actual photo, but I remember what the person looks like.
I can get someone to sketch it out with AI technology.
”
Felix shook off her hand in annoyance.
“Fine! Let’s wait until you have that photo.
I’m very busy, so don’t bother me.
”
He thought Joann wanted to find Bennett’s uncle on a whim.
And if it was too much trouble, she would drop it in a heartbeat.
But to his surprise, Joann came to him with the photo in less than two hours.
She even warned solemnly, “You must help me find him.
This is my only chance.
I should find him before Bennett does.
”
The news about Stella’s pregnancy quickly spread among the relatives and friends.
Alissa also caught wind of the news from Bella.
She was so excited that she started preparing gifts for the baby.
Bella designed some clothes.
Clint, on the other hand, decided to stay in Seamarsh to spend time with Stella.
Everyone was very happy and excited.
They all looked forward to the birth of the newest member of the family.
But their enthusiasm had only brought so much pressure on Stella.
She found everything overwhelming, especially when she noticed that in addition to the financial and management books on Matthew’s bookshelf, there were now many parenting guidebooks.
Finally, Stella voiced out her concern.
“It seems everyone is taking charge of the things I am supposed to do.
I don’t know what else I should do.
”
Matthew noticed the worried look on her face.
He chuckled and said, “It’s our first baby, so it makes sense that everyone wants to get involved.
But don’t you think it’s a good thing? You won’t be too tired.
So, just relax and enjoy it.
Rest well and take good care of our baby.
In this pregnancy journey, you have the hardest part.
”
Stella had no choice but to accept everything and focus on the responsibility given to her.
Matthew then asked, “How have you been feeling lately? Do you still have morning sickness?”
Stella shook her head.
“Not much lately.
”
Matthew also noticed that her complexion had improved a lot, and he felt relieved.
He gently reminded her, “If ever you crave something, just let Erin know.
”
Stella smiled and nodded.
“I understand.
Don’t worry.
I can take care of myself.
”
Matthew held her in his arms and said, “Bella will go to the hospital tomorrow for treatment, right? Do you want me to go with you?”
Stella shook her head.
“No need.
Just focus on your work.
We can manage.
Besides, Alissa will go with us, too.
”
Stella was obviously very happy when she mentioned Alissa.
“She’s been visiting Mom a lot lately.
At first, I thought that without Bella’s memories of the past, they would feel uncomfortable with each other.
But it doesn’t seem to bother them that much.
”
###chapter2053
Matthew said, “Bella might have forgotten those things in the past.
But she has not forgotten the feeling of getting along with Alissa.
So, whether she has those memories or not, they will still be good friends.
”
Stella nodded.
Then, something occurred to her.
She suddenly asked, “What if I forget you one day? What will you do?”
Matthew smiled.
“I’ll stay by your side and take you on a trip down memory lane.
We’ll have all the meals we’ve enjoyed together, and do everything we’ve done before.
In this way, you will fall for me again.
”
As he spoke, his voice was full of determination.
His gaze was fixed on her face.
Stella met his eyes, feeling warm in her heart.
She wrapped her arms around his waist and said sincerely, “You are such a great person.
There’s no way I can ever forget you.
I’ll hold onto those memories, and you are not allowed to forget me, either.
”
The next morning, Stella and Alissa joined Bella for her treatment.
As they settled into the car, Bella clasped Stella’s hand, concern etching her features.
“You’re pregnant.
You should be resting, not running around for my treatment.
Alissa can accompany me.
”
Despite Bella’s concerns, Stella was resolute.
“I’ve been feeling quite well lately, no morning sickness, and a bit of activity is actually beneficial for me and the baby.
Besides, after everything that’s happened, I just want to be close to you,” she explained, her voice laced with emotion from the recent scare of nearly losing her mother.
Unable to sway Stella, Bella reluctantly accepted her company.
Upon arriving at the hospital, they headed directly to the examination room.
Thanks to Matthew’s arrangements, Bella was quickly ushered in for her checkup.
Seated in the doctor’s office, Bella’s mind wandered to the unsettling events of the past days, particularly Kristian’s cryptic remarks just before the accident.
With a heavy heart, she looked at Earle, her doctor, and voiced her deep-seated concern.
“I’ve been in treatment for a while now… Do you think it’s possible for me to recover my lost memories under these circumstances?”
Her tone was earnest, reflecting her growing desperation to reclaim the fragments of her past.
Earle was taken aback by Bella’s direct inquiry about her recovery; it was the first time she had initiated such a conversation during therapy.
After a brief pause, he responded with measured calm, “I can’t promise a complete recovery, but the treatment should certainly aid in regaining your memory.
The key is maintaining a positive mindset throughout the process.
”
Bella’s brow furrowed, a mix of anxiety and impatience visible.
She pressed for more specific details.
“How long until I might see some results?”
Earle shook his head gently, tempering expectations.
“It varies widely among individuals.
Some of my patients have noticed improvements after just a few sessions, while others only see changes much later.
The critical factor is your engagement with the treatment-it will undoubtedly yield results if you remain committed.
”
Bella nodded, her demeanor reflecting a newfound commitment to her treatment.
Noticing this shift, Earle probed further before proceeding, “Is there someone or something specific that you’re hoping to remember?”
After a moment’s hesitation, Bella affirmed with a nod.
“That’s good to hear,” Earle said thoughtfully.
“Being open to the treatment without any internal resistance can significantly enhance its effectiveness, potentially speeding up your recovery.
”
“Really?” Bella asked, a flicker of hope igniting in her eyes as she considered the possibility of reconnecting with her forgotten past.
###chapter2054
In the hospital corridor, Alissa animatedly shared details of her times with Bella to Stella, who listened intently, nodding and smiling in response.
A few steps away, Lindsay, who was accompanying Joann for a physical examination, paused and watched, her gaze fixed on Stella’s cheerful expression.
Joann followed her gaze and noticed Stella.
Despite the unfolding scene, Joann had commitments to keep-she had promised Felix to facilitate a connection between him and Lindsay, and she was also keen on maintaining a favorable impression with Bennett.
She resolved not to stir any further trouble with Stella, especially considering Stella’s pregnancy, which could complicate matters if any stress-induced issues arose and came to Matthew’s attention.
Weighing these considerations quietly, Joann decided it was best to avoid confrontation.
She discreetly shifted her position to obstruct Lindsay’s view of Stella and gently nudged her.
“It’s almost time for our appointment.
Come on, let’s go.
”
Lindsay’s brow furrowed.
She was convinced that Joann had seen Stella.
Didn’t Joann dislike Stella and wish for her end at the earliest opportunity? What caused her sudden shift in behavior?
‘s BunnyBookery
Lindsay was unhappy with Joann’s sudden change.
However, in these circumstances, Joann was the only ally she could count on.
Unwilling to sever their partnership, she suppressed her frustration.
Their thoughts were clearly misaligned.
Lindsay pointed out carefully, saying, “I think that’s Stella over there.
I should go over and greet them.
If I don’t, Grandma will hear of it and scold me for not being friendly enough.
”
No matter how skillfully Lindsay masked her intentions, Joann could see right through her.
Caught in a bind, Joann clutched her stomach and said, “No, I really feel awful.
Let’s go to the doctor first.
We can greet them after I’ve been seen.
”
Lindsay examined Joann, trying to discern if she was feigning her discomfort.
She was too afraid to take a chance, worried about what might happen to Joann.
What a waste!
In her thoughts, Lindsay cursed her but still prioritized taking Joann to see a doctor.
After the medical check-up and receiving Joann’s medication, they realized Stella had already left.
This made Lindsay very angry.
Meanwhile, Joann let out a relieved sigh.
However, just as they approached the hospital gate, Stella reappeared.
Joann’s eyebrows knitted together.
Before she could react, Lindsay was already gripping her arm, pulling her forward to meet Stella.
“Stella, what a surprise to see you here!”
###chapter2055
Trapped by Lindsay’s insistence, Joann reluctantly went along but she really wanted to find an excuse to leave quickly.
She knew if anything were to happen to Stella or her baby while there, she would be the prime suspect.
At that moment, Joann wanted nothing to do with Lindsay.
Lindsay gripped Joann’s arm firmly, leaving her unable to maintain any distance from Stella.
Stella gave a cold response to the friendly Lindsay, only saying, “Yeah.
”
Despite Stella’s cool manner, Lindsay didn’t back down.
She continued the conversation and even asked about Bella’s health.
“Are you taking Bella for a reexamination today? After such a big accident, it’s important to take good care of her.
”
Stella was familiar with Lindsay’s insincere concern and remained distant, even as Lindsay seemed genuinely worried.
She glanced at her watch.
“Is there anything else? We are in a hurry.
”
Her reluctance to engage was clear.
Lindsay paused, surprised by the dismissal.
Joann quickly interjected, saying, “We were just passing by.
We saw you and thought we should say hello.
We’re actually on our way out.
”
Stella stayed silent, grabbed Bella’s arm, and walked away.
“Come on, Lindsay.
” Joann was ready to leave, and she wanted Lindsay to come along.
However, Lindsay remained still.
She stared at Stella’s back with a look of deep hatred and intentionally pushed away Joann’s hand.
Caught off guard, Joann stumbled and started falling toward Stella.
At that moment, Joann’s heart raced.
She tried to stop herself, but her legs wouldn’t obey her.
She crashed right into Stella’s back.
Stella hit the ground quickly.
“Stella!” Alissa and Bella shouted together.
They rushed to Stella’s side and lifted her up, only then seeing the blood on the ground.
When Matthew rushed into the hospital, he found Stella still undergoing treatment in the consulting room.
Bella had urgently called him, informing him of Stella’s fall, but had left out the details in her distress.
Matthew’s face darkened with concern as he scanned the corridor, his voice tinged with urgency.
“Who did this?”
Joann, overwhelmed by the gravity of the situation, remained silent, unable to confess.
Lindsay, too, refused to step forward.
Bella, preoccupied with concern for Stella, had no energy to address the unfolding drama.
###chapter2056
Finally, it was Alissa who stepped forward to clarify the situation.
“Miss Crawford lunged at Stella, causing her to fall,” she explained calmly.
The temperature in the corridor seemed to drop as Matthew’s gaze turned icy.
Joann felt the weight of his stare and began to tremble, hastily trying to defend herself.
“It wasn’t me.
I didn’t push Stella intentionally.
It was…”
She recalled that Lindsay had bumped into her, causing her to unintentionally collide with Stella.
But before she could name Lindsay, she was cut off.
Lindsay gently grasped Joann’s hand, her voice soothing as she said, “Joann was just a bit careless.
We certainly didn’t intend for this to happen.
Right now, what matters most is Stella’s and her baby’s well-being.
”
Matthew’s tone was firm and unyielding as he directed Fernando, “Get the surveillance video and find out who was responsible.
Send the culprit directly to the police station.
”
“Mr.
Clark…” Joann began, her voice faltering as she attempted to interject, but she was interrupted by the arrival of the doctor from the consulting room.
Matthew wasted no time, stepping up to inquire urgently, “Doctor, how is my wife?”
The doctor, looking slightly puzzled by the tense atmosphere, replied with a calm professionalism, “She’s fine.
She sustained some bruises, but the wounds have been treated.
”
At this, Bella and Alissa let out simultaneous sighs of relief, their tension easing.
“That’s good,” they echoed.
Joann, too, felt a weight lift from her shoulders, grateful for Stella’s relative safety.
For a moment, everyone was happy.
However, Lindsay’s expression darkened, her anxiety barely concealed as her nails dug into her palms.
Stella was bleeding.
How could everything be okay?
If Stella and the baby were fine, then was today’s risk all for nothing?
Bella gathered herself to ask a crucial question.
“But, doctor, did Stella’s fall have any impact on the baby?”
The doctor looked genuinely confused at the question.
“Baby? What baby? She’s not pregnant.
”
A stunned silence fell over the corridor, everyone shocked by the revelation.
Bella’s expression tightened with concern.
“Not pregnant? But there’s blood on her clothes,” she asserted.
Then, realization dawned on her when she noticed the doctor’s hesitation to speak.
A heavy silence enveloped the group, broken only when the doctor cleared his throat and tried to clarify.
“She only suffered a minor bruise, nothing grave.
And to be clear, she’s not pregnant-there was no miscarriage.
”
As Waldo and Lucia hurried over, the doctor’s words hung in the air, leaving them momentarily dazed.
“Not pregnant?” Lucia’s voice was a whisper of disbelief, struggling to align this new information.
“Then what about the pregnancy test we saw last time?”
Waldo, equally perplexed, echoed her confusion.
“Can someone tell me what’s actually happening here?”
###chapter2057
Just then, Stella stepped out of the consulting room, drawing everyone’s attention.
At the same moment, Matthew’s phone rang-it was the doctor who had examined Stella a few days ago.
Matthew listened intently as the doctor on the other end of the call hurriedly tried to explain the situation.
“I’m very sorry, Mr.
Clark.
There was an error in the earlier pregnancy test report.
Mrs.
Clark is not pregnant.
I apologize… I had been on duty all night before that morning, and I mistakenly reported a cyst as a pregnancy…”
The doctor’s voice grew increasingly anxious, trailing off as she awaited Matthew’s response.
After a pause filled with uneasy silence, she added, “I’m terribly sorry, Mr.
Clark.
Please, I hope you won’t hold this against me.
I swear…”
But before the doctor could finish her plea, Matthew abruptly ended the call, his face clouding over with a mix of anger and disappointment.
Although Matthew’s phone wasn’t loud, the doctor’s apologetic words still echoed through the corridor, revealing the truth about the mistaken pregnancy.
The disappointment was palpable among everyone gathered, and Stella, sensing the shift, felt a pang of sadness herself and lowered her head.
She knew how much everyone had been looking forward to the baby.
Matthew approached and gently placed his arm around her shoulders.
In a soft, reassuring voice, he asked, “Do you feel any pain?”
Stella shook her head, her voice a whisper.
“I’m sorry…” She couldn’t help but feel responsible for the emotional rollercoaster, even though it was beyond her control.
Matthew tightened his grip on her hand, his response firm and gentle.
“It’s not your fault.
You don’t need to apologize.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Bella chimed in, attempting to lighten the mood, “Fortunately, she’s not pregnant.
Otherwise, the fall could have been much more serious.
In the end, it would still be Stella who suffered.
”
Hearing this, the others gradually moved past their initial shock and began to offer words of comfort to Stella.
Alissa chimed in supportively, “Your mother is right.
The most important thing is that you’re okay.
”
Lucia and Waldo, though visibly disappointed by the news, shifted their focus to comforting Stella.
“You have to be patient about having a baby.
It’s all in fate’s hands.
Just take it easy; as long as you’re fine, that’s what matters,” Lucia said.
Stella felt a warm surge of gratitude as everyone rallied around her, showing their concern and affection.
Meanwhile, Lindsay simmered with jealousy.
She had made Joann bump into Stella, hoping it would lead to a miscarriage, only to discover Stella wasn’t pregnant after all.
Yet, Stella was still receiving everyone’s sympathy and attention.
As the group consoled Stella, Joann saw an opportunity to slip away, fearing Matthew might remember the earlier incident and blame her.
However, before she could exit, Fernando blocked her path, his expression stern.
“Miss Crawford, you’d better clarify things before you go anywhere.
”
He then turned to Matthew, who had just received the surveillance footage on his phone.
“Mr.
Clark, the video clearly shows Lindsay shaking off Joann’s hand, and then Joann falling toward Stella, causing her fall.
”
Lucia’s and Waldo’s expressions hardened upon hearing Fernando’s summary.
###chapter2058
Fernando looked to Matthew, awaiting his decision.
“Mr.
Clark, how shall we proceed?”
Despite her special connection to the Clark family, the responsibility for the incident clearly rested on Lindsay.
Fernando waited silently, his lips pressed tightly together.
Lucia, though she treated Lindsay like a granddaughter, was uncompromising in her principles.
She confronted Lindsay directly.
“What were you thinking? If Stella really had been pregnant, what then?”
Her voice trailed off, leaving the implication hanging heavy in the air.
Lindsay, feigning shock and innocence, quickly responded, “Grandma, I really didn’t know.
It was just a gentle shake.
I didn’t realize it would cause such a problem.
”
She tried to maintain her innocent facade.
But before she could elaborate further, Stella, overcome with emotion and frustration at Lindsay’s cavalier attitude, slapped her.
As the shock of the slap reverberated through the corridor, Lindsay’s face registered sheer disbelief.
She couldn’t fathom that Stella, typically reserved and diplomatic, would confront her so publicly.
Stella, her voice steady and imbued with a cold resolve, addressed Lindsay.
“I’ve known about your disdain for me for a long time, but out of respect for Lucia, I’ve kept my distance.
Yet, you continue to provoke me.
”
Lindsay tried to mask her growing resentment with an innocent tone.
“Stella, what are you talking about? I really don’t understand.
”
But Stella was unmoved, her gaze piercing as she continued, “At the Lowell family’s party, I had my suspicions about you, and now you’ve made your intentions clear in front of everyone.
”
Feeling cornered, Lindsay scrambled to deflect the blame.
“Stella, you’re misunderstanding something.
I had nothing to do with what happened before.
And today… it was an accident, truly.
You have to believe me…”
“Stop playing the innocent!” Stella cut her off sharply.
“You weren’t so naive at the Lowell family’s party.
If you dislike me, we don’t have to interact, but today, you went too far.
You tried to harm me, even though at the time you knew I was pregnant.
What have I ever done to you to deserve this?”
Resolved, Stella stood firm, her decision clear in her eyes and posture, ready to end the facade once and for all in front of Lucia and Waldo.
“Stella, I really don’t know what you are talking about.
” Lindsay’s denial came rapidly, her voice fraught with desperation as she gripped Lucia’s hand.
“Grandma, please believe me.
I’m not capable of cruelty.
I’ve never even hurt a fly as a child.
How could I possibly hurt another person?”
Her tears gave her the appearance of being deeply wronged.
Lucia’s face was a portrait of turmoil.
Having raised Lindsay, the sight of her crying tugged at her heartstrings, stirring feelings of compassion.
Stella remained steadfast, unaffected by Lindsay’s emotional plea.
“The surveillance footage is clear about what happened.
How can you deny it?” she challenged, her tone unwavering.
###chapter2059
Matthew’s response was cool and dispassionate.
“Your acknowledgment doesn’t alter the facts.
We will involve the police and they will determine whether your actions were accidental or intentional.
”
The police? The prospect of police involvement visibly shook Lindsay.
She couldn’t fathom Matthew taking such severe measures.
“I didn’t intend any harm.
What must I do to convince you? If I jumped from this window, would you believe my sincerity?”
Overwhelmed, she made a move toward the window, her behavior escalating into near hysteria.
Fernando was quick to react, stepping in to block her path.
Lindsay’s voice trembled with urgency as she struggled against Fernando’s hold, pleading, “Let me go.
If you all believe I’m capable of such harm, what purpose does my Life serve here?”
Lucia, always seeking harmony, stepped in gently, saying, “Please, everyone, let’s discuss this calmly.
”
She turned to address the gathered family with concern in her eyes.
“We should let this misunderstanding pass.
Lindsay has been part of our family her whole life; she’s not a malicious person.
Surely, we don’t need to escalate this to the authorities, right?”
She then looked firmly at Lindsay, advising, “Lindsay, keep your distance from Stella, please.
”
Stella had long known about Lucia’s compassionate nature, and Lucia’s advice was exactly what she wanted to hear.
Now that she had achieved her goal, she didn’t want to escalate things further and put the elders in a tight spot.
Respecting Lucia’s plea, Stella responded, “Lucia’s words are enough for now.
But I must be clear-should anything similar occur, I will take action.
”
Lindsay bit her lip, hiding her frustration and anger behind a composed exterior.
As the group dispersed from the hospital, the tension somewhat diffused.
In the quiet of the car, Stella’s sadness was palpable.
She hesitated as she almost reached toward her abdomen, and then sighed, “Everyone was so excited… Mom and Alissa began preparing, and Matthew, you immersed yourself in all those parenting books.
And all for what?”
Her guilt over the stirred hopes weighed on her, dampening her spirits.
Matthew clasped her hand, offering comfort.
“Don’t blame yourself.
We’ll be parents when the time is right.
None of the preparation will go to waste,” he assured her with a warm smile.
“This just gives us more time to be ready for the future.
”
Though he tried to lighten her mood, Stella remained subdued.
Observing her continued somberness, Matthew turned to Fernando and said decisively, “Please take us to Prosper Bay.
”
Surprised, Stella glanced at Matthew, her curiosity piqued.
“Aren’t you supposed to be going back to the company?”
She knew he had left work abruptly upon hearing of her accident.
Leaning closer, Matthew whispered teasingly in her ear, “Since we’re talking about having a baby, maybe we should start working on it sooner rather than later.
” His suggestion was both playful and suggestive.
###chapter2060
Stella’s cheeks flushed with embarrassment at his words.
She playfully scolded him, “Can’t you focus on something serious for a moment?”
Matthew responded with a chuckle, “Isn’t planning our future family serious enough?”
Their light-hearted banter continued for a while, filling the car with laughter.
However, reality soon set in, and under Stella’s gentle prodding, Matthew agreed to head back to the office to finish his day’s work.
Meanwhile, Lindsay and Lucia also departed from the hospital.
As they walked toward the exit, Lucia’s expression was clouded with displeasure.
Although Lucia had outwardly supported Lindsay in front of the family earlier, she wasn’t clueless about the situation.
In a low voice filled with a firm resolve, Lucia addressed Lindsay, saying, “No matter what your feelings are, Stella is your sister-in-law.
That relationship won’t change.
If you two can’t get along, it’s best you keep your distance and avoid further trouble.
”
Lindsay remained silent, head bowed, as Lucia continued, “Luckily, Stella wasn’t actually pregnant, so no severe harm was done this time.
But if such an incident occurs again, not even your grandfather and I will be able to protect you.
”
“I understand,” Lindsay muttered, though her heart was filled with deep-seated resentment.
After Lucia and Waldo departed, Lindsay and Joann were left alone.
Joann, still unsettled by the day’s events, seized the moment to confront Lindsay.
“Why did you suddenly push me back at the hospital? Were you trying to set me up?”
The fear of being implicated in a potentially tragic outcome-if Stella had been pregnant and harmed-had Joann visibly anxious, especially recalling Matthew’s intense demeanor earlier.
Lindsay, fresh from Lucia’s admonishment and now faced with Joann’s accusations, snapped back impatiently, “No, I didn’t.
But clearly, something was off with you today.
”
Joann, momentarily taken aback by Lindsay’s denial, felt her confidence waver.
She had previously been preoccupied with thoughts of matching Lindsay with Felix, which might have clouded her judgment.
“No, that’s not it.
I just assumed Stella was pregnant and everyone was so focused on her.
I didn’t want to get involved in any trouble.
”
Trying to redirect the conversation, Joann cautiously suggested, “Lindsay, perhaps it’s time to let go of any feelings you have for Matthew.
He didn’t defend you today; he only cared about Stella.
If it hadn’t been for your grandmother stepping in, he might have involved the police.
It seems pointless to continue pining after him.
”
Lindsay remained silent.
Joann pressed on, “There are plenty of good men out there.
Even if Matthew and Stella were to divorce, you’d only ever be his second choice.
It’s better to find someone who’s never been married.
”
Lindsay studied Joann with a skeptical frown, sensing ulterior motives.
“What are you really trying to say?” she asked pointedly.
Joann replied, trying to sound casual yet persuasive, “I’m just saying that my brother is a great catch.
If you were to marry him, it would bring us closer together.
”
The suggestion made Lindsay scoff internally.
How could Felix ever compare to Matthew in her eyes? The thought was almost laughable.
“That’s enough!” Lindsay cut her off sharply, her patience wearing thin.
“Mind your own business, Joann.
You don’t need to worry about me.
”
###chapter2061
“I’m only trying to help you.
Why can’t you see that?” Joann retorted, clearly annoyed.
“I know exactly what your intentions are.
Do I really need to spell it out for you?” Lindsay shot back, her tone icy.
“You…” Joann clenched her teeth in frustration, rendered speechless by Lindsay’s accusation.
With that, the conversation reached a bitter end.
The two parted ways, each upset and unresolved.
Miley had invited Stella to have dinner outside that evening.
On their way to the restaurant, Miley kept chatting with Stella, but the latter just smiled perfunctorily.
Miley noticed Stella’s silence.
She thought for a while.
Actually, it was Matthew who told her to ask Stella out.
Of course, she also knew about the pregnancy incident.
With this thought in mind, she held Stella’s arm and said, “Are you still thinking about having a baby? Don’t think too much about it, okay? You and Matthew are still young.
Sooner or later, you will have children.
Besides, if you have a child now, you won’t have time for each other anymore.
What’s the point of living around children at such a young age?”
Stella stared at Miley for a while and smiled.
“Did Matthew ask you to comfort me?”
Miley smiled sheepishly.
“Well… Sort of.
But what I’m telling you is from my heart.
You and Matthew are at the peak of your careers.
If you have a child now, don’t you think it will only take up a lot of your energy? Then, you will only be exhausted and demotivated.
”
She paused, smiled mischievously, and continued, “Besides, if you really want a child, it won’t be that hard.
Just make love with Matthew more… Hmm…”
Before Miley could finish her words, Stella covered her mouth in a hurry.
Stella glared at her playfully.
“Don’t talk nonsense.
”
After making sure that Miley wouldn’t talk nonsense anymore, Stella let go of her mouth.
“I’m not talking nonsense…” Miley wanted to continue teasing Stella.
But she suddenly stopped talking when she saw Stella’s sharp gaze.
She could only chuckle.
Thanks to Miley, Stella’s mood improved a lot.
Somehow, she looked relaxed now.
She sighed and said, “Actually, I’m fine.
It’s just that too many things have happened recently.
I still can’t accept them for the time being.
Just give me some time.
”
Then, Stella realized that they had been talking about her the whole time.
So, she added, “Let’s not talk about me anymore.
How are you recently?”
“Nothing really special.
I’ve found a new model with great potential, and I’ve been training her hard recently.
I hope she can make more money for me.
”
Stella and Miley chatted until they entered the restaurant.
As soon as they walked in, Stella saw Bennett and a young man standing next to him.
Stella and Bennett greeted each other with a nod.
Then, they tacitly went separate ways.
###chapter2062
Bennett entered the elevator with the young man, who asked curiously, “Who’s that woman?”
Instead of answering his question, Bennett asked back, “Do you also feel she looks like my uncle?”
The young man’s name was Sanford Quimby, a student funded by his uncle.
Sanford acquiesced to Bennett’s question.
Bennett sighed regretfully, “I feel the same.
But sadly, she’s not my uncle’s daughter.
Her name is Stella, and she’s also a designer Like her mother.
Her husband is the richest man in Seamarsh.
”
The richest man in Seamarsh.
Sanford was a little surprised to hear this.
But he didn’t say anything.
Bennett continued, “I asked you to come back this time not only because I hope you can help me with the new project but also to find my uncle’s daughter.
”
He heaved a deep sigh.
“I found a photo of my uncle’s family, but it was accidentally damaged.
Now we can only rely on the repaired version.
”
Bennett handed the photo to Sanford.
“You have spent time with my uncle more than I did, so you must have heard something.
Maybe you have some clues.
”
Sanford took the photo and looked at it for a while.
“Okay.
I’ll try my best.
”
His mind was filled with Stella’s images.
After their dinner, Matthew arrived to pick up Stella, which caught Miley’s attention.
She couldn’t resist teasing him.
“Mr.
Clark, are you so concerned someone might whisk Stella away that you’ve come to pick her up in person? How clingy!”
Stella, slightly abashed by Miley’s remark, quickly spotted a chance for a lighthearted comeback.
With a sly smile, she gestured behind Miley and quipped, “Look behind you.
”
Miley turned around and her expression changed as she noticed Neville standing there.
Seizing the moment, Stella mirrored Miley’s earlier tease.
“Mr.
Pierce, are you so concerned someone might whisk Miley away that you’ve come to pick her up in person? How clingy!”
Caught slightly off balance and feeling a blush creep up her cheeks, Miley retorted half in jest, half in mock annoyance, “You ingrate, I’m here purely for your company.
”
Noticing Miley’s reddened face, Stella softened, appreciating the humor of the situation.
She expressed her gratitude.
“Thanks for today.
I’ll let you and Neville enjoy your evening.
”
Miley playfully rolled her eyes at Stella.
As Neville approached, Miley turned and linked her arm through his.
He greeted Stella with a nod, and then leaned closer to Miley, his voice soft.
“Shall we head home?”
Miley agreed with a nod and turned to Stella.
“We’re heading out.
Take care on your way back.
”
Stella responded with a warm smile, “Thanks, you too.
” After bidding farewell to Miley, she joined Matthew as they walked toward their car.
At the same time, Bennett and Sanford exited the restaurant and noticed Stella and Matthew getting into their vehicle.
###chapter2063
Sanford paused, watching them intently.
Bennett, catching Sanford’s gaze, explained, “That man is Stella’s husband.
We have business dealings with the Clark family.
You’ll meet him officially soon enough.
”
Sanford nodded and changed the topic.
“I’ll complete the assignment you gave me as quickly as possible.
I’ll locate your uncle’s daughter.
”
When Stella and Matthew arrived home, Matthew presented her with an invitation letter.
“Here, take a look at this.
”
“What’s this?” Stella, initially puzzled, took the invitation letter and her expression transformed into one of surprise as she read the sponsor’s name.
“An invitation to the new product launch by the Newyouth Group? Why do you have this?” Curious, she began to peruse the details of the invitation.
The exclusivity of the event, attended only by industry leaders and renowned business figures, meant Stella had only planned to catch up on the experts’ reviews afterward, rather than attend herself.
However, she quickly recognized that securing an invitation would be trivial for Matthew, given his prominent status in Seamarsh.
Elated, Stella wrapped her arms around Matthew’s waist, her eyes twinkling with joy.
“You’re truly a treasure!” She beamed, her happiness evident.
Matthew, enjoying her delight, playfully responded, “Since you’re so happy, do I get a reward?”
As Stella leaned in for a ki*s, Matthew wrapped his arms around her, drawing her close and deepening their embrace with a passionate ki*s that seemed to meld her into him.
Caught up in the moment, Stella allowed her thoughts to fade, her eyes closing as she clung to him.
The moment escalated quickly as Matthew gently guided her toward the bed, his intentions clear.
However, as he proceeded, Stella, with a blush spreading across her cheeks, softly interjected, “Have you forgotten? I’m on my period.
”
Matthew paused abruptly, his expression shifting to one of disappointment.
Stella, sensing his mood, gave him a consoling ki*s.
“This is your compensation,” she whispered against his lips.
Under his slightly sullen gaze, she smiled reassuringly.
“I’m going to wash up.
”
With a touch of reluctance but unable to resist one last expression of his affection, Matthew delivered a firm ki*s on her lips before finally releasing her to freshen up.
The next day, Matthew went to the company early in the morning to catch up on some work he missed yesterday.
So, when Stella woke up, she didn’t see him.
She was still in a daze, thinking of the nightmare she had last night.
Stella rubbed her head, feeling heavy and a little uncomfortable.
Her throat seemed to be inflamed and sore.
She got up and drank some water.
It was only then that she finally felt a little better.
Stella felt listless.
She didn’t want to go out because she was not feeling well.
But the Newyouth Group event was today, so she had no choice.
After all, it was rare for her to get an invitation to these events.
###chapter2064
She didn’t want to miss it.
Even though she was not feeling well, she still left home.
When Stella arrived at the venue, she found her seat indicated in the invitation letter.
The venue was luxuriously decorated.
The marble floor and the magnificent chandelier cast soft light, making the hall glow even more.
A famous symphony orchestra was performing on the stage.
When Stella took her seat, she noticed someone sitting down next to her.
She subconsciously glanced sideways.
And when she saw the man’s face clearly, she was slightly surprised.
Wasn’t he the young man with Bennett last night?
Although Stella remembered where she had seen the man, she hadn’t said anything.
After all, she didn’t know him personally.
She just lowered her head and looked at the invitation letter in her hand.
However, the young man took the initiative to greet her.
“Hello, Ms.
Anderson.
We meet again.
What a coincidence.
”
Stella was surprised by how he had accurately called out her last name.
But she was not used to talking with strangers, not to mention they had only met once.
Her brows furrowed slightly.
Sanford noticed that Stella didn’t want to talk to him.
He explained, “Ms.
Anderson, I mean no offense.
I just heard your name from Bennett yesterday.
I hope you don’t mind.
”
After saying this, he handed a business card to her and introduced himself, “My name is Sanford Quimby.
Nice to meet you.
”
Stella hesitated for a moment.
But in the end, she still accepted the card politely.
She glanced at the card and saw his title.
It turned out he was the design director of Sanz Group.
She suddenly raised her head and asked, “You’re from Sanz Group?”
“Yes,” Sanford replied with a nod, smiling elegantly.
Stella clutched the business card in a daze.
It took her a long time to come back to her senses.
Sanz was a famous fashion brand.
It only produced a series of works every year, and its designer had never shown up in public.
In the design world, those designers who were able to interact with the people from Sanz Group were very proud of themselves.
Stella never thought she would meet their design director.
“Are you the mysterious designer of Sanz Group?”
Sanford nodded.
“Actually, I’ve heard a lot about you, Ms.
Anderson.
And I’ve been looking for an opportunity to meet you in person.
”
Stella was flattered.
She didn’t expect the design director of a big brand like Sanz to know her name, let alone be interested in meeting her.
She couldn’t help smiling at Sanford.
“It’s an honor for me.
”
###chapter2065
When the product launch started, Stella and Sanford chatted occasionally.
Since they were both designers, it was inevitable for them to have many common topics.
Sanford shared some unique insights.
These ideas and experiences were precious to any designer.
But he shared them with Stella without hesitation.
Needless to say, she had learned a lot.
They were so engrossed in their conversation that they didn’t notice the event had ended.
Stella wished she could talk with Sanford more.
When Sanford saw that she was still immersed in their conversation, he smiled and said, “I had a great chat with you today, Ms.
Anderson.
How about a meal together? We can discuss more while eating.
”
Stella wanted to refuse Sanford’s invitation.
Of course, she would love to chat more with an outstanding designer like him.
However, she had not been feeling well since waking up this morning.
And now, her dizziness was getting worse.
In fact, she was already grateful that she was able to hold on until the end of the event.
Stella felt her body was hot all over.
It seemed she would run a fever.
‘s BunnyBookery
With her current condition, having a meal with someone outside didn’t seem a good idea.
Sanford noticed Stella’s hesitation, and he understood.
After all, they were not that familiar with each other yet.
So, he said kindly, “If it’s inconvenient for you, we can set it next time.
”
Stella knew it was a rare opportunity to interact with such a big shot in the fashion industry.
Of course, she didn’t want to miss it.
So, she was relieved when she heard Sanford was willing to meet her again.
“Thank you.
I really can’t make it today.
But I promise I’ll treat you to dinner next time.
”
Sanford nodded and asked politely, “You came here alone, right? Do you need a ride home?”
“Thank you, but I’m good,” Stella replied.
“I drove here.
”
Sanford didn’t push it.
He simply said, “Alright.
See you next time.
”
Stella nodded slightly and waved goodbye to Sanford.
Then, they left the venue in separate ways.
But after a few steps, a wave of dizziness hit her hard.
She paused, trying to shake off the lightheadedness she felt.
However, everything suddenly went black, and she was drained of strength and energy.
Before Stella lost consciousness, she heard someone call her name.
Then, she fell into a pair of strong arms.
Matthew had just finished a meeting at the headquarters of Prosperity Group.
As soon as he came out of the conference room, he saw Lindsay standing at the door.
He was not interested in talking to her, so he only glanced at her briefly and then turned his attention to Fernando again, discussing work matters.
“Mr.
Clark…” Lindsay called out hesitantly.
She was still not used to calling him formally, but she had no choice.
They were in the company, so she could only address him as Mr.
Clark, like everyone else.
###chapter2066
She hated it, but she could only suppress the annoyance in her heart.
“I have something to report to you.
”
This time, Matthew looked at her.
But his brows furrowed tightly.
Fernando immediately noticed the displeasure on Matthew’s face.
He stepped forward and said to Lindsay, “Remember that you are my assistant.
If you have anything to report, come to me directly.
That’s the rule.
”
Lindsay felt the gazes of her coworkers sizing her up.
Of course, she also sensed a bit of subtlety in their attitudes.
Fernando scolded her, and Matthew didn’t step in to help her.
How could she not feel more embarrassed? She was at a loss, not knowing what to do.
But when she saw that Matthew was about to Leave, she quickly said, “Mr.
Clark, wait.
It’s about Stella.
Are you sure you don’t want to hear it?”
Matthew paused.
He turned and looked at Lindsay coldly.
“What about her?”
“Someone took a photo of Stella being carried by a man in his arms.
It’s all over the news online,” Lindsay replied.
As she spoke, she handed her phone to Matthew.
The senior executives, who happened to walk out of the conference room, heard this.
They exchanged wondering glances.
Then, one of them said, “Oh, I just remember I still have some work to do.
I’ll go back to my office now.
”
Another one echoed, “Me too.
I have some things to deal with.
See you all later.
”
The senior executives left one after another using various excuses.
Matthew lowered his head and stared at the photo on the screen.
Indeed, a man carried Stella in his arms.
All he could see was her face and the man’s back.
When Lindsay saw his sullen face, she felt satisfied.
Her heart was overjoyed.
What kind of a man would want to see his wife in someone else’s arms, let alone Matthew, who used to be always in control?
But the next moment, the happiness in her heart vanished.
Matthew’s cold voice sent a chill down her spine.
“What’s your point in bringing this up in front of everyone?”
Lindsay was too stunned to say a word.
She thought Matthew would be angry if he knew about this news.
She knew very well that a man like him couldn’t stand even a bit of betrayal from his woman.
But instead of getting angry at Stella, he got angry at her.
Lindsay didn’t understand.
Obviously, what Stella did was very inappropriate.
Why did he still seem to want to protect her?
###chapter2067
Matthew looked at her coldly.
It was as if he could see through her.
“Did you do this because you think you have evidence that Stella is cheating on me?”
His eyes were so sharp that she felt they pierced through her bones.
Lindsay unconsciously trembled in fear.
Her palms sweated profusely; she felt like her thoughts were undisguised in his eyes.
“No, that’s not what I mean.
” Lindsay hurriedly denied it.
“I just thought you deserve to know because Stella is your wife.
Besides, it can also affect Prosperity Group.
She is being held by another man in public.
Isn’t this a significant matter? It may lead to a more serious problem.
Prosperity Group will be impacted greatly.
”
These words came out of her mouth after she thought quickly.
“It’s just a photo.
How can I just conclude without finding out the story behind it?”
Matthew gave Lindsay a warning look.
“Besides, this is my private matter.
Who are you to interfere?”
His words showed no mercy.
Lindsay only felt a chill in her heart.
Matthew looked at her indifferently and continued, “If you want to stay in Prosperity Group, focus on your job and work hard.
There are things beyond your concern, so do not intervene.
And I don’t need you to bring this kind of thing to me before knowing the truth.
”
Then, he turned around and left.
Lindsay clenched her phone tightly, feeling aggrieved.
She didn’t expect Matthew to be so cold to her.
Didn’t he know she was doing this for his own good? She didn’t want him to be fooled by a woman like Stella.
He clearly didn’t want to marry Stella back then, right? What happened in the past year? Why did he suddenly change?
Even when Matthew found out that Stella wasn’t pregnant, he didn’t care.
Instead, he comforted her.
Now that Stella was caught in another man’s arms, he just accepted it calmly.
Was marriage really enough to restrain someone Like Matthew? He could even lower his bottom line again and again for Stella.
No matter how much Lindsay thought about it, she still couldn’t figure it out.
All she felt now was jealousy.
She was so angry at Stella that her expression became distorted.
But she quickly pulled herself together.
She realized that Matthew must only be defending Stella because she was his wife.
If he married her, he would probably treat her the same way.
Lindsay reached out and touched her face.
In terms of beauty and figure, she was not inferior to Stella at all.
She could definitely turn the tide.
Meanwhile, Matthew returned to his office directly.
He took out his phone and called Stella.
However, she did not answer.
His face darkened at once.
He turned to Fernando and ordered, “Remove the trending topic on the Internet and find out Stella’s whereabouts.
”
###chapter2068
Matthew didn’t doubt Stella’s feelings for him.
A mere photo was not enough to ruin it.
What he was worried about was her safety.
After all, she was taken away by a strange man on the street.
When Fernando saw Matthew’s solemn expression, he immediately said, “I’ll do it right now.
”
Fernando was about to leave when he suddenly heard Matthew’s voice again.
Someone answered Stella’s phone.
Matthew asked in a deep voice, “Who are you? Where is my wife? Why do you have her phone?”
An unfamiliar male voice came from the other end of the Line.
Fernando paused and subconsciously listened, though the distance muffled the sounds.
All he could discern was Matthew’s increasingly sullen expression.
Suspicion crept into Fernando’s mind.
Had Stella truly betrayed Matthew?
But he quickly dismissed the thought.
He knew the depth of the love between Stella and Matthew.
Having worked closely with Stella, he recognized her strong sense of integrity.
She was someone who committed wholeheartedly to her decisions and would never betray a person she had chosen to stand by.
Lost in his thoughts, Fernando was startled when Matthew ended his phone call and commanded, “Let’s go to the hospital.
”
Bewildered by the sudden urgency but not daring to question, Fernando followed swiftly.
During the drive, Matthew’s irritation was palpable.
Every glance at the moving traffic deepened the frown on his face.
“Drive faster,” he snapped.
Fernando pressed the accelerator, weaving through the traffic as swiftly as safety would allow.
Meanwhile, in a hospital ward, Sanford watched over Stella, who lay in a coma.
He gazed at her intently, his mind seemingly adrift in memories or thoughts.
After a moment, he gently smoothed her hair back, his fingers hesitating as he moved to caress her closed eyelids and brows.
Just then, the door burst open with a resounding thud, startling Sanford into frowning displeasure.
He turned to see who had entered with such force.
Matthew’s grim visage scanned the room.
At that moment, Stella, unconscious and receiving an injection, lay in the bed.
Beside her, a man was slightly bent over, Stella’s hair still within his grasp.
The man’s gaze lingered on Stella with an expression that was hard to place.
Matthew, sharp as ever, caught the nuance and his expression darkened ominously.
Without a word, Matthew turned to Fernando.
“Go outside and stand guard,” he ordered, his voice devoid of emotio
###chapter2069
Fernando felt the tension in the air and, after ensuring Matthew had entered, closed the door and stationed himself at the doorway, an uneasy feeling settling over him.
Inside, Matthew’s eyes, clouded with suspicion, fixed on Sanford who met his stare unflinchingly.
A moment later, Sanford’s attention returned to Stella.
He spoke in a low, steady tone.
“Keep your voice down.
Don’t disturb her rest.
”
Matthew, however, brushed off the caution and strode directly to the bedside.
Stella remained unconscious, her cheeks unnaturally flushed.
He leaned over, his hand gently touching her face to assess her condition.
Her brow was slightly furrowed, a sign of discomfort.
Observing Matthew’s tender actions, Sanford explained, “She has a fever and hasn’t woken up yet.
The doctor decided to keep her overnight for observation.
”
After listening, Matthew’s gaze turned icy as he faced Sanford.
“Who are you?” he demanded coldly.
Matthew’s voice was cold, cutting through the air like ice.
However, Sanford seemed oblivious to the hostility.
With a smile that seemed too easy, he replied, “Mr.
Clark, it appears you are quite keen to uncover my identity.
”
Matthew cast a dismissive glance at him.
“No.
I simply refuse to allow a stranger to harass my wife in her ward.
”
He placed particular emphasis on the word “harass.
”
Undeterred, Sanford maintained his serene demeanor, his smile only serving to irritate Matthew further.
The sight of this unfamiliar man, with a peculiar gleam in his eyes as he gazed at Stella and the mixed emotions that flickered across his face, left a sour taste in Matthew’s mouth.
With a slight frown, Matthew spoke, his patience wearing thin.
“Please, I must insist that you leave immediately.
”
Despite Matthew’s lack of courtesy and his direct request for him to depart, Sanford met his gaze unflinchingly, his eyes bold and unwavering.
“Mr.
Clark, is this the manner in which you treat the man who saved your wife?” Sanford’s voice held a tinge of mockery, and his eyes seemed to challenge Matthew directly.
Their eyes locked in a silent standoff, tension coiling tightly between them.
Matthew’s gaze was oppressively intense; any other man might have averted his eyes in discomfort.
But not Sanford.
He met Matthew’s stare head-on, his smile never faltering.
Ultimately, Sanford chose not to reveal his identity.
“Since you’re here, Mr.
Clark, I shall take my leave.
We shall no doubt cross paths again in the future.
”
With that, he stood, preparing to exit the scene.
###chapter2070
Before exiting, Sanford turned back to Matthew and remarked, “Ms.
Anderson is an excellent and charming woman.
I do hope I have the pleasure of meeting her again.
”
With those strange words hanging in the air, he didn’t spare Matthew another glance but opened the door and stepped out.
Matthew’s expression was icy and formidable.
His eyes radiated a chilling intensity, and his entire demeanor was cloaked in frost as he watched Sanford’s retreating figure.
Even as Sanford reached the door, he could sense Matthew’s piercing gaze on his back, yet he dismissed it with nonchalance.
Outside the ward, Sanford encountered Fernando, who regarded him with an equally frosty stare.
Sanford simply smiled and continued on his way.
In the ward, Matthew sat on the edge of the bed, his actions gentle as he held Stella’s cold hand.
He tenderly brushed her hair back from her face and touched her feverish forehead.
Guilt washed over him-he had left too early that morning and failed to notice her ill health.
Stella’s eyelids fluttered slightly, responding to his touch.
Meanwhile, Sanford entered the elevator, his thoughts lingering on the time he had spent with Stella.
With a smile playing at the corners of his mouth, he made a call.
“Grandpa,” he greeted the man on the other end of the line respectfully, and then added meaningfully, “He has a daughter.
”
The conversation was brief, lasting less than a minute.
After hanging up the phone, Sanford’s face held a profound expression, reflecting the weight of the conversation.
The elevator continued its descent, and before it reached the ground floor, his phone rang again.
The caller, speaking with deference, informed him, “Mr.
Quimby, someone is investigating the Lowell family.
”
Sanford raised an eyebrow, a hint of intrigue in his voice as he replied, “Is that so?”
A mysterious smile spread across his face.
With calculated calm, he added, “In that case, let’s lend them a hand and release this information.
”
Stella didn’t wake up until the infusion was done in the evening.
She was still a bit dazed when she saw Matthew.
Recalling what happened before she passed out, she asked, “Why are you here?”
She glanced around, confused, and asked, “Is this the hospital? Why am I here?”
Matthew replied, “Why didn’t you tell me you were sick? You even went to the launch event by yourself.
”
He wasn’t trying to blame Stella but was genuinely concerned, especially because of that strange man.
He couldn’t figure out his intentions, so he had to stay alert.
Seeing his stern face, Stella thought he was angry.
She held his hand and gently said, “I felt a bit off this morning, but I didn’t expect it to get this bad.
I’m sorry for worrying you.
”
To change the subject, Stella added, “By the way, do you know I gained a lot from the event today? I met the design director of Sanz Group and had a chat with him.
”
###chapter2071
Matthew recalled the man from earlier.
Was he from Sanz Group?
Stella continued, still amazed, “I can’t believe the coincidence.
I just attended a launch event and ended up meeting the legendary, mysterious designer.
Speaking of which, I saw him when I had dinner with Miley yesterday.
”
Stella added, “Oh, Bennett knows him too.
They were together yesterday and seemed pretty close.
”
Matthew frowned in thought.
At that moment, Stella remembered fainting outside, with Sanford being the only one behind her.
She asked, “Did Sanford bring me to the hospital?”
Although Matthew didn’t know who Sanford was, he guessed from her description and replied absently, “I think so.
”
Stella frowned and said, “I didn’t expect to trouble him so much, especially since we’ve only met twice.
”
She then suggested to Matthew, “He invited me to lunch, but I declined because I wasn’t feeling well.
Once I’m better, I’d like to invite him out to thank him for taking me to the hospital.
”
The main reason was that she finally met the design director of Sanz Group and wanted an opportunity to discuss design with him.
Noticing Matthew’s sour mood, Stella thought for a moment and asked, “Will you come with me?”
She knew if Matthew found out she was having dinner with a strange man alone, he would be jealous again.
Matthew nodded slightly.
“Okay.
”
He was also curious about the true intentions of this so-called “design director” who had appeared unexpectedly.
He reached out and touched Stella’s forehead, noticing her fever had subsided.
“How are you feeling now? Are you feeling better?”
Stella said, “I’m feeling much better after some rest.
Can I leave the hospital now?”
Matthew had the doctor check Stella, and after getting the doctor’s permission, Stella was eager to leave the hospital.
Even though her fever was down, she was still a bit tired.
As soon as she got home, she headed straight to bed.
Matthew headed to the study where Fernando was already waiting.
He placed the information in front of Matthew and said, “The man you saw in Stella’s ward today is Sanford Quimby.
He was a student sponsored by Bennett’s uncle.
”
###chapter2072
Matthew frowned and inquired, “Bennett’s uncle?”
Fernando elucidated, “Yes.
Over a decade ago, a tragic car accident claimed the lives of his wife and daughter.
Sanford, a student he sponsored, has proven himself exceptionally capable.
Now, he holds a stake in Bennett’s company as well.
”
Pausing momentarily, Fernando resumed, saying, “However, I haven’t unearthed any details about the design director of Sanz Group.
This individual remains shrouded in mystery.
I’m afraid only a few are privy to his true identity, so confirmation is beyond reach at the moment.
”
Matthew’s attention lingered on the part about the car accident.
He remained deep in thought, offering no response.
Observing that Matthew offered no directives, Fernando assumed his mood had soured and promptly added, “I will delve deeper into Sanford’s background.
”
Matthew’s silence persisted.
“Mr.
Clark?” Fernando probed gently.
Roused by Fernando’s voice, Matthew regained his bearings and acknowledged, “I see.
”
He then queried, “By the way, how progresses the investigation into Stella’s biological father?”
Fernando shook his head, the frustration evident in his tone.
“The trail is too old.
Kristian remains tight-lipped, and the scant information complicates the inquiry.
I may need additional time.
”
Matthew’s expression tightened.
After a brief contemplation, he directed, “Prioritize the investigation into Bennett’s uncle.
”
Initially baffled by the abrupt shift from Stella’s father to Bennett’s uncle, Fernando, who had served Matthew for years, soon pieced together his train of thought.
Stunned, Fernando hesitated, wanting to voice his thoughts but ultimately held back.
He simply responded, “I’ll commence it immediately.
”
Stella had made a swift recovery.
Thanks to Matthew’s adept handling of the scandal, her connection with Sanford remained largely unnoticed.
‘s BunnyBookery
As soon as she felt better, Stella promptly retrieved the business card Sanford had given her and contacted him.
“Mr.
Quimby, I’m Stella.
”
Sanford, a bit taken aback, responded, “Ms.
Anderson? Are you feeling better? What can I do for you?”
“I have recovered; thank you for your concern,” Stella replied graciously.
“Thank you for taking me to the hospital that day.
My husband and I would like to invite you to dinner.
Are you available tonight?”
Without hesitation, Sanford agreed and arranged to meet for dinner.
That evening, Stella and Matthew arrived at the restaurant they had chosen.
Shortly after they were seated, Sanford made his entrance, looking as distinguished as ever.
He turned to Stella first and remarked, “Ms.
Anderson, you do look much improved.
”
Stella responded with a smile, “I’ve had some rest.
Please, have a seat.
”
###chapter2073
Sanford acknowledged her with a nod and then offered Matthew a friendly smile, as if the tense exchange at the hospital had never occurred.
“Mr.
Clark, good to see you again.
”
Matthew nodded and said, “Mr.
Quimby, my wife and I wanted to invite you to dinner to thank you for taking her to the hospital that day.
I’m sorry if I seemed rude.
I misunderstood your actions.
I hope you don’t hold it against me.
”
Sanford met his gaze with a smile and replied, “Not at all.
It was no trouble at all.
Please, don’t worry about it.
”
A waiter handed them the menu, and their conversation ended.
After taking their order, the waiter left.
Sanford smiled at Stella and said, “I wanted to chat more with you after the launch event, but you weren’t feeling well.
I’m glad we have the chance to talk today.
Your design ideas really caught my attention.
”
“Thank you.
” With a smile, Stella said humbly, “I have a question about brand design.
I’ve always wanted to start my brand but lack experience, so I want to ask you for advice.
”
“Please go ahead,” Sanford said, raising his eyebrows.
Stella was thrilled but kept her excitement in check as she explained to Sanford the issues she faced.
Sanford patiently answered her questions.
After their discussion, the dishes were served.
Sanford casually said, “Mr.
Clark, I know you’re the design director at KlassicLuxe.
You must have some unique insights on this topic.
Haven’t you ever discussed it with your wife?”
Matthew gave him a curious look and asked, “How did you know about that?”
His connection with KlassicLuxe was a well-kept secret, known only to Stella and the company’s senior leaders.
Stella was also taken aback.
Sanford, unfazed by Matthew’s question, replied vaguely, “There are no true secrets.
I assumed you might use your position at KlassicLuxe to assist your wife, but it seems I was mistaken.
”
Stella clarified for Matthew, “It’s not about him.
I wanted to see what I could achieve on my own.
”
She turned to Matthew with a smile.
“Even as a couple, we don’t always have to rely on each other.
Sometimes it’s important to handle things on our own.
”
“You’re truly exceptional.
I wasn’t mistaken about you.
” Sanford’s eyes sparkled with admiration when he heard what Stella said.
“You’re absolutely right.
With your talent, you’re destined for great things.
”
Stella felt pleased by the compliment.
“I believe that achieving success through my own efforts will make it even more rewarding.
”
Sanford continued, “Few people have your drive these days.
I see potential for us to work together in the future.
”
Stella replied, “Thank you for the kind words.
I’ll give it my all.
”
While the two of them were having a good conversation, Matthew’s brow furrowed.
Even though Sanford’s words and actions seemed fine, his gut feeling told him that there was more to the story.
Just before dinner ended Matthew asked abruptly, “Mr.
Quimby, when did you join Sanz Group?”
###chapter2074
A sharp glint appeared in his eyes as he continued, “And I’ve heard you were funded by Bennett’s uncle.
Is that correct?”
Sanford tactfully placed the crux of his response to the final question, speaking little of his dealings with Sanz Group.
“My mentor believed in my knack for design,” he shared, reflecting on the past.
“He dedicated himself to honing my skills.
”
Then he asked Matthew, “Why are you so interested in my past?”
In a tone tinged with caution, Matthew confessed, “I simply wish to shield my wife from bad men.
I find it prudent to clarify such matters beforehand.
”
His remarks, though blunt, seemed to wash over Sanford, who merely smiled, unbothered by the underlying implications.
Both men offered smiles, but their expressions masked more profound sentiments.
Stella quickly interjected, hoping to smooth over the tension, “Mr.
Quimby, please, pay no mind.
My husband means well; he’s just being protective.
”
Sanford responded with a gracious shake of his head.
“It’s quite alright.
I completely understand Mr.
Clark’s concerns.
If I were in his shoes, with a wife as charming as you, I’d be wary of the company she keeps too.
”
Hearing this, Stella gave an awkward smile.
The evening continued, and though the atmosphere was strained, Stella’s efforts prevented any further decline in civility.
After they said their goodbyes to Sanford, the weight of the evening seemed to lift.
As they headed home, Stella couldn’t help but address Matthew’s unusual demeanor.
“Why were you so off tonight?”
Matthew was typically not one to stir trouble, yet his animosity toward Sanford was palpable.
He didn’t offer her a straightforward reply but instead cautioned, “Try to Limit your interactions with Sanford moving forward.
”
“Why?” Stella pressed, remembering her encounters with Sanford.
“I don’t see anything ionable about him.
Perhaps you’re just overthinking things, right?”
Matthew replied with measured logic, “The ties between me and KlassicLuxe have always been confidential.
Those within my company circle are trusted allies, and a leak is impossible.
If Sanford has unearthed such details, he was not merely someone in need of financial aid for his studies.
”
Stella pondered this explanation.
“He seems to have a good relationship with Bennett.
Maybe Bennett helped him? If Bennett knows something, he will definitely tell him.
”
Matthew said, “Remember, within KlassicLuxe, I’m known as Tobin.
Even Bennett shouldn’t be privy to my real identity.
”
This revelation made Stella pause, the pieces beginning to align ominously.
No one should have known about Matthew’s connection to KlassicLuxe unless they had deliberately dug for that information.
Reflecting on the gravity of the situation, she nodded earnestly.
“I’ll be more vigilant.
”
Curious still about one aspect, she inquired, “Then the advice he gave me about starting my brand… Did it seem off?”
###chapter2075
Matthew shook his head.
“No, his insights are quite professional.
”
That was the puzzle he couldn’t solve.
While Sanford appeared courteous and professional, Matthew couldn’t shake off his suspicions about him.
What was his true motive for seeking Stella out?
While everything was going smoothly with Stella, Lindsay found herself in a more embarrassing situation, fueling her anxiety.
Recently, it had become painfully clear that Matthew’s indifference toward her had deepened.
Following the unsettling hospital incident, compounded by her mention of Stella being escorted away by an unfamiliar man, Matthew had taken to almost completely ignoring her.
Their encounters at the company, even when she greeted him, were met with a cold shoulder.
They worked on the same floor, separated only by a thin wall, yet Matthew’s demeanor was frosty.
Whenever he emerged from his office, he wouldn’t so much as glance her way.
The tasks assigned to her by Fernando had become less challenging than before, leaving her with no pretext to interact with Matthew.
She felt like a superfluous entity within Prosperity Group, brimming with a sense of crisis.
Moreover, her communication with Joann had been severed for a while due to their previous argument.
If this trend continued, she feared she would find herself increasingly estranged from both Prosperity Group and the Clark family.
Determined not to sit idly by as her situation deteriorated, Lindsay knew she had to act.
However, seeking assistance from Waldo and Lucia seemed futile, as they would likely side with Stella.
After much deliberation, she concluded that Joann was the only one she could turn to for help.
With a mixture of reluctance and resolve, Lindsay dialed Joann’s number.
The phone rang endlessly before it was finally picked up, yet silence filled the air.
Taking the initiative, Lindsay broke the silence.
“Joann, are you still upset with me? I was at fault last time.
I’ve taken these days to reflect and seek clarity before calling you.
Are you really not going to talk to me?”
She swallowed her pride and her distaste, trying to appease Joann.
After a tense pause, Joann responded, “If you have something to say, come to the DK Bar.
We can discuss it in detail there.
”
With those words, Joann ended the call and turned to Felix, who sat beside her.
“I’ll do my best to create opportunities for you and Lindsay.
As for what you promised, how much longer must I wait?”
Initially, Joann had been hesitant to pair up Felix and Lindsay, but Lindsay’s actions in the hospital had extinguished any semblance of mercy Joann might have harbored.
She knew she had to pave the way for her own happiness, regardless of the consequences.
Felix’s eyes sparkled at the mention of Lindsay’s impending arrival, a flicker of excitement dancing in his gaze.
However, his enthusiasm dimmed when he remembered the task Joann had set before him.
###chapter2076
He replied with palpable irritation, “I’m on it, be patient.
Even Bennett couldn’t unearth anything.
How can you expect me to uncover the truth so swiftly? I’m no Superman.
You’ve got to give me some time.
”
Joann’s expression darkened as she warned, “Don’t play games with me.
I can easily forge a connection between you and Lindsay, or just as quickly dismantle it.
If I’m displeased, nobody gets to be happy!”
Felix glared at her, his tone sharp.
“You dare speak to me like that, you ungrateful girl?”
She crossed her arms defiantly and turned away, her face set in a stony resolve.
Felix snorted, his frustration evident.
“You’re such an ingrate.
We’re siblings, yet you treat Bennett better than you treat me.
Does he show you more kindness than I do?”
Amid their heated exchange, Lindsay made her entrance.
Upon spotting her, Felix’s demeanor transformed instantly.
He stepped forward with a charming smile, exclaiming, “Isn’t this our delightful Lindsay? You’ve finally arrived.
We’ve been eagerly anticipating your presence.
”
Felix’s flirtatious demeanor left Lindsay feeling distinctly uncomfortable, and the acrid scent of cigarettes clinging to him only deepened her displeasure, prompting her to frown.
Moreover, the bustling crowd’s eyes had fixed on her the moment she stepped through the door, their stares adding to her growing irritation.
She had truly had enough.
Lindsay had no desire to waste her time on Felix.
She extricated herself from his presence with a swift, “I’m sorry, Felix.
I’m here for Joann.
”
Finding Joann, Lindsay clasped her arm warmly.
“Joann, it’s been ages since we last caught up.
Why don’t we find a quieter place to talk?”
Sensing Lindsay’s visible disgust, Felix quickly turned to the others and commanded, “What are you waiting for? Turn off the music and extinguish your cigarettes.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
The room, filled with many of his friends, erupted into a chorus of teasing.
“Is this your future wife, Felix? You’re so considerate,” one of them joked.
With a dismissive smile, Felix retorted, “Since you’re aware, get out of here right now, you idiots.
”
The crowd, casting meaningful glances at both him and Lindsay, didn’t dare linger.
One by one, they quickly made their exit.
Once the room had emptied, Felix turned to Lindsay with a fawning tone.
“It’s quiet enough now.
You can speak freely.
”
Lindsay, who detested everything about Felix, managed to mask her feelings.
Calmly, she stated, “I’m only here for Joann today.
”
In that moment, she understood why Joann had suddenly asked her to come to the bar-it was likely a setup to meet Felix.
Biting back her resentment, Lindsay remained composed.
Felix, catching on to her reticence, offered, “What would you like to drink? I’ll fetch it for you and give you two some privacy.
”
Noticing the look in Felix’s eyes, Joann thought for a while and quickly stood up.
“I just remembered I have something urgent to handle.
I’m sorry, Lindsay.
How about letting my brother drive you home? I’ll catch up with you once I’m done.
”
As Joann spoke, Lindsay’s expression shifted significantly.
Before Lindsay could respond, Joann turned to Felix.
“It’s not safe for her to go home alone.
I’m entrusting her to you.
Make sure she gets back safely, or you’ll answer to me.
”
With those words, Joann made to leave in a hurry.
Lindsay hurriedly grabbed her hand.
“Where are you going? I can come with you.
”
###chapter2077
Casting a glance at Felix, Joann apologized to Lindsay.
“I’m really sorry, Lindsay.
I’m in a rush and can’t take you with me.
How about we have dinner together another day?”
As she pulled away from Lindsay’s grasp, Joann discreetly signaled Felix with a knowing look in her eyes.
Understanding her cue, Felix quickly embraced Lindsay and said, “Since Joann is tied up, allow me to drive you home.
”
Lindsay struggled against his hold, her strength no match for Felix’s.
Powerlessly, she watched Joann depart, now even more convinced that Joann had intentionally orchestrated this meeting.
Noticing Lindsay’s furrowed brow, Felix chuckled lightly.
“Don’t be so afraid of me.
I don’t hurt people, especially beautiful women Like you.
”
Lindsay felt a wave of revulsion but masked her discomfort.
She attempted to remove Felix’s hand from her shoulder, asserting, “Felix, I’m not afraid.
I’m just not accustomed to this.
”
As she spoke, she subtly stepped away from him.
Of course, Felix noticed her movements.
Her cautious demeanor only piqued his interest further; her resistance made her all the more intriguing to him.
He closed the distance again and queried, “You’ve been cold to me since your return.
Do you have a boyfriend now?”
The scent of cigarettes and wine clung to him, nearly overwhelming Lindsay, but she maintained her composure, concealing her disgust.
“Of course not.
I don’t have a boyfriend,” she said, forcing a smile and pushing him away once more.
Delighted by her confirmation, Felix grinned broadly.
Seizing the moment, he pleaded, “Since you don’t have a boyfriend, why do you reject me? I have adored you for a long time.
Give me a chance-I promise to treat you well.
”
Lindsay was immensely irritated yet forced to maintain a facade of cordiality toward Felix.
A man of his temperament could be unpredictable when crossed.
It had taken her considerable effort to distance herself from him.
“Felix, I’ve just returned from abroad and my focus is on my career right now.
I’m not considering a relationship at the moment, I’m sorry,” she explained with a measured calm.
Felix responded thoughtfully, “I understand you.
You’re young and it’s only natural for you to want to work hard.
I just hope you won’t cut off contact with me, and that you’ll allow me the chance to woo you.
”
As he spoke, he edged closer to her once more.
Witnessing his advance, Lindsay instinctively stepped back, asserting, “I can give you a chance.
”
With an idea in mind, she continued, “But Felix, I don’t see a future with someone who spends his days in places Like this.
”
She knew all too well Felix’s reputation as a playboy; his years spent hopping from bar to bar, from dawn till dusk.
It was unlikely he could meet her standards.
###chapter2078
Her intent was clear-to set a challenge she presumed he’d retreat from.
Contrary to her expectations, Felix accepted her challenge without a second thought.
“No problem.
Since you don’t like it, I can quit.
” He declared this without a hint of hesitation.
Lindsay frowned, cornered by her own ultimatum.
If she persisted in her refusal, Felix might react poorly.
For now, she had to navigate this situation carefully.
With a forced smile, she replied, “Then, let’s see how you do in the future.
”
Seeing that she finally agreed to give him a chance, Felix was obviously happy.
Lindsay, however, did not dwell on his reaction.
A suspicion nagged at her, suggesting that Felix and Joann were scheming, and she was somehow central to their plans.
“I’ve noticed you’ve been quite close with Joann recently.
Are there any secrets you haven’t shared with me?” she inquired, stepping closer to Felix, her light fragrance wafting toward him, which seemed to stir him.
Caught off-guard, Felix blurted out, “What secrets could there be? That fool only comes to me when she needs something.
Bennett’s the only one she truly cares about.
If it wasn’t for needing my help, she wouldn’t bother with me, her own brother.
”
Lindsay’s suspicions were confirmed.
Her face darkened; her thoughts about Joann were far from kind.
Pressing further, she asked, “What does she want you to do?”
Wary of arousing Felix’s suspicions, she added, “I’ve had a bit of a falling out with Joann Lately.
She doesn’t seem inclined to forgive me.
If there’s a way I can assist her, I’d like to know.
”
Felix, however, dismissed the concern with a wave of his hand.
“It’s nothing major.
I can handle it myself.
”
“What exactly is the matter? Can’t you tell me?” Lindsay asked, her curiosity piqued.
Noticing the hint of dejection in Lindsay’s expression, Felix felt a twinge of concern, not wanting to leave a sour impression on her.
His tone softened as he divulged, “I’m not going to hide anything from you.
It’s actually quite trivial.
Joann seems to have been bewitched by Bennett; she asked me to dig up some information about someone who’s passed away.
”
Eager to steer the conversation away from Joann, Felix shifted topics.
“We haven’t seen each other for a long while.
Tell me about your interests, and let me figure out how best to win your heart.
”
Lindsay, however, remained distracted, her thoughts Lingering on Felix’s previous words.
Who was this dead person? What kind of information? Why was Joann so obsessed with this matter to the point of seeking help from Felix, whom she had always disliked?
From that day forward, Felix began sending Lindsay flowers every day in increasingly ostentatious ways.
Before long, everyone at Prosperity Group was aware that someone was courting Lindsay.
Despite her frustration with Felix’s methods, Lindsay restrained her annoyance to better understand his schemes with Joann.
As Lindsay’s demeanor toward Felix softened, her interactions with Joann improved as well.
The two occasionally met up for dinner or went shopping together.
One day, after a shopping spree, Lindsay and Joann decided to grab lunch at a nearby restaurant.
Upon entering, Lindsay immediately noticed Bennett and Stella heading toward a private booth.
###chapter2079
She couldn’t help but remark, “Look, isn’t that Mr.
Lowell and Stella? They seem to be dining together.
”
Her comment had the intended effect.
Turning around, she caught Joann glaring at Stella’s retreating figure, her eyes filled with jealousy.
“That f@cking bitch has no shame! Stella’s married, yet here she is, tempting another woman’s fiancé!” Seething with rage, Joann clenched her teeth and muttered, “I’m curious to see what those two are up to in there alone!”
As she was about to move forward, Lindsay halted her.
“Joann, don’t be rash.
You and Mr.
Lowell aren’t back together yet.
Don’t upset him now.
They might be discussing something crucial.
”
But how could Joann remain calm when it came to Bennett?
Her voice rose with frustration.
“Stella’s just a mediocre designer, right? What could she possibly have to discuss with Bennett that’s so important? I think she’s up to no good.
Why didn’t she just perish in that plane crash?”
Despite her harsh words, Joann ultimately refrained from confronting them in their private room, fearing Bennett’s reaction.
Yet, she felt like she had lost a part of herself, distracted throughout the meal.
Visions of Bennett and Stella entering the room together, chatting and laughing, haunted her.
Joann couldn’t stop speculating about their conversation.
The food did nothing to lift her spirits.
After a moment’s thought, she stood decisively and declared, “No, I need to confront Stella, make her see reason, and keep her away from Bennett.
”
Lindsay, hiding her excitement, watched with a gleam in her eye.
She anticipated an interesting spectacle unfolding soon.
Inside the private dining room, Stella inquired about Bennett’s injury.
“How’s your back?”
Earlier that day, Bennett had extended an unexpected Lunch invitation.
Recalling how he had rescued her previously and her pending gratitude, she accepted.
Matthew had intended to join her, but business at the company detained him, so she attended alone.
Bennett offered a reassuring smile.
“It’s nearly healed.
”
His gaze lingered on Stella, as if he harbored unspoken thoughts.
Catching his hesitance, Stella probed, “Is there something on your mind?”
After a moment’s pause, Bennett ventured, “I do have a question, though you’re not obliged to answer.
”
Stella, taken aback momentarily, nodded in assent.
Bennett continued, “Can you recall the exact location of the orphanage where you stayed after you were lost?”
Upon hearing this, Stella realized that Bennett still harbored doubts about her true identity.
###chapter2080
With a resigned smile, she said, “I wish I could help you, but it’s been so long.
These days, I prefer not to dredge up the past.
I’m focused on enjoying the present.
”
Although she and Bella had acknowledged their relationship, Bella’s memories hadn’t yet returned.
Fearful that revisiting the past might upset Bella again, Stella had decided to keep it buried.
Bennett looked like he wanted to continue, but Stella spoke up first.
“I’m sorry, Mr.
Lowell.
If you need assistance, I could ask my husband to help.
But please, don’t waste your efforts on me.
I’m not the person you’re searching for.
” Her certainty was palpable.
Yet Bennett persisted, “And what if you are?”
His gaze locked on Stella, unwavering.
The message from Sanford was clear: his uncle’s daughter was still alive, having been adopted from an orphanage in Bysea-a history strikingly similar to Stella’s.
Stella even bore a resemblance to his uncle.
Driven by these coincidences, Bennett found it increasingly difficult to let go of these leads, unless incontrovertible proof showed Stella was in no way connected to his uncle.
Stella offered a wry smile.
“The world’s full of uncertainties, isn’t it?”
She harbored a deep skepticism about coincidences and the notion of fate, preferring not to set herself up for disappointment over uncertainties once more.
Bennett sensed Stella’s hesitance and chose to remain silent.
The rest of the meal passed without further conversation, and they both left quietly afterward.
As they were leaving, Bennett finally broke the silence.
“You came by yourself, right? Let me give you a lift home.
”
“No, thanks,” Stella declined, her tone firm.
“My husband will be picking me up later.
”
From her perspective, Bennett’s concern seemed misplaced, Likely because she reminded him of his uncle.
She didn’t want to encourage his misplaced affection, nor did she want him to face repeated disappointments because of her.
Her rejection was clear, so Bennett didn’t press the issue.
“Mr.
Clark hasn’t arrived yet.
I’ll wait with you until he does.
”
Stella was about to decline again but paused, thinking it might seem too intentional.
Reluctantly, she agreed.
Bennett stood by her side, quietly waiting.
After a moment, an idea struck him.
He accidentally collided with Stella, causing his brooch to catch in her hair.
“Quch!” Stella yelped, wincing in pain.
Bennett quickly apologized, “I’m sorry.
Your hair’s caught on my brooch, Hold still.
I’ll get it free.
”
A sharp pain radiated through Stella’s scalp as she remained still, unable to turn her head because of the entanglement.
###chapter2081
“Thank you,” she managed to say, despite the discomfort.
Bennett, in his rush to free her, accidentally tugged at her hair again.
“Ouch…” she murmured softly.
Bennett’s brow furrowed as he muttered, “I’m sorry…”
Because her hair was tangled in his brooch, Stella ended up very close to Bennett, almost as if she were resting against his chest.
Just then, Joann arrived on the scene and caught sight of them in that compromising position.
“What… What are you doing?” Joann exclaimed, her voice piercing the air.
Seeing Stella so close to Bennett, Joann jumped to conclusions, her anger boiling over with jealousy, imagining tearing Stella apart in her fury.
Bennett had just finished untying Stella’s hair from his brooch when she took a step back, creating a small space between them.
As he turned around, his gaze fell upon Joann, who was rushing toward him with an urgency.
With one hand casually tucked into his pocket, Bennett’s voice held a note of impatience as he confronted her.
“Why are you here?”
Stella, standing a little to the side, felt a twinge of annoyance.
It seemed that every time she was with Bennett, Joann would appear as if on cue.
She even harbored suspicions that Joann might have placed a tracker on him.
Disinclined to deal with Joann’s crazy antics, Stella watched as Bennett averted his gaze from the approaching figure.
Just then, noticing Matthew’s car pulling up, Bennett quickly said to Stella, “Mr.
Clark is here.
Let’s catch up another time.
”
Stella nodded and was about to leave.
However, Joann blocked her path, asserting, “You can’t leave until you clarify things!”
Stella’s brow furrowed in displeasure.
“Miss Crawford, who are you to demand explanations from me?”
“You…” Joann’s face darkened.
Stella was not in the mood to argue or entertain her grievances.
She responded icily, “If my memory serves me right, Mr.
Lowell has already broken off your engagement.
You two have no ties anymore.
Miss Crawford, you have no right to meddle in his affairs.
Not only have you failed to understand why he ended things, but you’ve also been hounding him relentlessly.
Such unreasonable behavior will only deepen his disdain for you.
”
“You bitch! What did you just say?” Joann’s voice cracked with fury.
Overcome with anger, she raised her hand to slap Stella, but Bennett was quick to intervene.
“Enough!” Bennett’s shout echoed sharply.
He stared at Joann with rising irritation.
“Can you stop this madness?”
It was a rare sight for Joann to witness Bennett truly angry.
His sudden fury sent a shiver down her spine, leaving her trembling.
###chapter2082
Taking a deep breath, Bennett’s voice softened but remained stern.
“We’re no longer engaged.
I kept our breakup private out of respect for the Crawford family.
If you persist in creating scenes, I won’t hesitate to go public and expose your actions.
”
With that, he forcefully shook off Joann’s hand and warned, “Also, keep your distance.
I’m going to investigate the past incidents.
If it turns out you’ve deceived me, the Crawford family will face the consequences.
”
Bennett’s implications were clear, and Joann, stunned by his resolve, staggered back against the wall, her forehead beaded with sweat.
Without a backward glance, Bennett turned and walked away, his decision final.
Joann, lacking the courage to follow, could only watch as Stella and Bennett disappeared into the distance.
Her nails dug into her palms, the pain a faint echo of the anguish and resentment brewing within her.
Tears began to fall as she grappled with her emotions.
Lindsay emerged from the shadows after the others had left, finding Joann crouched and vulnerable on the ground.
Despite inwardly rejoicing, she feigned concern.
“Joann, are you okay?”
Joann pursed her lips, her eyes gleaming with undisguised hatred as she watched Stella’s retreating figure.
Following her gaze, Lindsay sighed.
“Stella is so lucky.
She always has men standing up for her, not just Matthew, but Nikolai and Bennett did the same at your engagement party.
”
She patted Joann’s shoulder, her voice laden with feigned sympathy.
“I think you’d better steer clear of Stella.
I’m really afraid you’ll end up disliked by everyone, just like me.
”
Reflecting on Stella’s harsh words, Joann felt the sting of humiliation as if she had been physically slapped.
Her expression turned fierce, and through gritted teeth, she hissed, “I’m not intimidated by someone like her.
She won’t be happy for long.
I have my ways to handle this bitch!”
As soon as Bennett settled into his car, he urgently called his butler.
“You need to immediately retrieve my uncle’s stored blood for a paternity test.
Do it without informing my grandparents-this must be kept under wraps.
Get me the results at your earliest convenience.
”
The butler responded, aware of the gravity of the request, “It will take at least three hours to transfer the sample from Bysea.
”
“That’s immaterial,” Bennett replied crisply.
“Just proceed without delay.
”
Stella had been engrossed in preparations for her brand’s Launch recently, while Matthew had also been swamped with work, leaving them just the evenings to catch up.
Spotting him still buried in his work in the car, Stella asked, “Have you had lunch? You’re so busy, I told you that you didn’t have to come to pick me up.
”
“I’m leaving on a business trip for at least three days,” Matthew explained, trying to seize the moment with her.
“I can spare the time for you now.
”
Stella chuckled, a hint of mischief in her voice.
“You’ve traveled before.
Why are you so clingy this time?”
Matthew shut his laptop and set it aside, pulling Stella into his embrace.
###chapter2083
Her face flushed with surprise, especially with someone else just outside the car.
Resting his chin on her hair, he murmured, “If you weren’t so busy, I would’ve taken you with me.
I can’t stand being apart from you for even a minute.
”
Stella smiled, her voice soft.
“Work is the most important.
”
“We are about to be separated for three days; how could I not spend more time with you before I leave?” Looking into her eyes, Matthew teased, “Now, won’t you do something?”
Stella blushed a deeper red and ki*sed him on the lips.
“Is that okay?”
“That’s not enough,” Matthew replied with a sly grin.
He deepened the ki*s, the atmosphere in the car turning tender and intimate.
Stella gently pushed against his chest, playful yet earnest.
“Don’t miss your flight.
”
Their embrace lingered until Fernando, growing anxious outside, whispered, “Mr.
Clark, it’s time for us to go.
”
Reluctantly, Matthew released his hold on her waist.
Stella stepped out of the car and waved goodbye.
Matthew smiled at her and then said to Fernando, “Let’s go.
”
After watching his car disappear into the distance, Stella returned to her bustling studio, immersed in her work until the evening shadows grew long.
As she left the studio, she checked the time, contemplating sending a message to Matthew.
But before she could, her phone vibrated with an incoming message from him.
She smiled as she read his words, her fingers poised to reply, when suddenly, an ominous all-black car with dark, one-way filmed windows pulled up abruptly beside her.
The anonymity of the vehicle sent a shiver down her spine, prompting her to turn away, intent on leaving.
But her escape was cut short.
The car doors swung open and two shadowy figures reached out, dragging her inside with a terrifying efficiency.
Stella screamed, her voice filled with panic.
“Who are you? Help!”
Before she could scream again, a hand clamped over her mouth, and a cloth soaked in chemicals stifled her cries.
Her struggles weakened as the potent fumes invaded her senses, pulling her into darkness.
As she slipped into unconsciousness, her phone clattered to the ground outside the car, buzzing with Matthew’s name.
After kidnapping Stella, the people in the car sped away and took a hidden road.
They changed cars several times to throw off any trackers and finally drove down a deserted path.
On the other hand, the Lowell family butler had taken the blood sample to the hospital and started the tests.
###chapter2084
The van sped down the deserted path.
Stella stirred awake, disoriented by the rough ride.
The ether she had inhaled in a small dose had worn off, and she was now alert.
Voices of men conversing filled the vehicle.
“Did they specify what to do with her?”
“The boss instructed us to get her on the ship and smuggle her out.
”
Stella gradually grasped their intentions.
They aimed not to kill her but to make her vanish.
Who was orchestrating this?
Was it Lindsay, her bitter adversary? Or Joann, with whom she had recently quarreled?
Her mind raced with possibilities.
Suddenly, a voice grew tense.
“We’re being tailed.
Accelerate.
”
Through their conversation, Stella realized there were only two men.
The young man beside her asked, “What’s our plan? The ship departs at two a.
m.
If we head there now, she’ll be rescued.
Let’s take a few laps around here and lose whoever’s following.
”
The driver responded calmly, “No, head directly to the rendezvous point.
”
Stella inferred that additional accomplices awaited at the rendezvous point.
Reaching that location would severely hinder her chances of escape.
She had to flee en route, or her fate would be sealed.
Stella quietly struggled.
Fortunately, the rope binding her hands was loosely tied.
She gingerly rubbed against the hemp rope, striving to free herself without detection.
This was her sole chance at survival.
Outside, a commotion arose, causing the vehicle to decelerate.
Stella heard someone exit the van, followed by the young man mumbling as he also left.
Several voices conversed outside, but their words were indistinct.
Eavesdropping was not her priority.
Seizing the moment with no one inside, Stella opened her eyes, scanning for an escape route, and noticed the car keys.
The man had exited without removing the keys.
Overcome with relief, Stella hurriedly worked to free herself.
Despite the burning sensation on her wrists from the friction, she persevered, determined to escape.
###chapter2085
After freeing herself, she scrambled into the driver’s seat.
Her extremities were numb, and her heart pounded wildly at the thought of being discovered.
Before she could make her escape, the people outside spotted her.
Though she appeared composed, her nerves were frayed to the point of making her scalp tingle.
The young man snarled, “This woman is trying to escape!”
Sweat drenched her palms and back, her breath caught in her throat, but she had no time to ponder.
Every action was driven by raw survival instinct, and even she wasn’t fully aware of her movements.
Her entire arms trembled as she attempted to drive in a state of panic.
The driver rushed toward her, trying to reach her through the open window.
“Ah!” Stella screamed in terror at his menacing approach.
Grabbing the nearest , she hurled it at his head with all her might.
Blood streamed down his forehead, and he recoiled, cursing loudly.
Stella hastily rolled up the window.
Her legs felt weak, her teeth chattered, and her hands shook uncontrollably as she fumbled with the car keys.
She managed to start the engine, ready to flee.
But just as she began to move, another vehicle blocked her path, stopping the van.
As Stella glanced in the rearview mirror, her heart raced-the vehicle behind her was gaining ground.
In a desperate bid for safety, her driving became erratic, the van zigzagging across the road as she tried to shake her pursuers.
Her mind was singularly focused on escaping the clutches of the relentless kidnappers shadowing her every move.
In a flash of panic-driven clarity, Stella made the decision to head for the highway, hoping to find help or at least escape to a more populated area.
However, the further she drove, the more desolate the surroundings appeared; no passing cars came into view to offer respite or a chance to call for help.
Darkness enveloped the landscape as the sun dipped below the horizon.
Fear and tension surged within her, the eerie darkness outside mirroring the fright clenching her stomach.
The thought of harm reaching her was unbearable, especially now when her family needed her most.
She had just reunited with Bella, and Matthew would be so sad if anything happened to her-she had to make it back to them.
Taking a deep, steadying breath, Stella gripped the steering wheel tighter, her knuckles whitening.
On the other end, Matthew’s anxiety spiked as his attempts to reach Stella proved futile.
With no word from her, he tasked Fernando with investigating her sudden silence.
Shortly after, Fernando relayed his findings, his voice heavy with concern.
“Mr.
Clark, we found Stella’s mobile phone abandoned outside her studio, and surveillance footage revealed she was abducted by a black van.
I’ve deployed a team to track her down.
They’re likely heading toward the suburbs.
The kidnappers have covered their tracks well; we haven’t pinpointed her exact location yet.
”
###chapter2086
Matthew’s expression darkened, his hand tightening until the veins bulged prominently.
His voice was a low growl as he demanded, “Who is responsible for this?”
Fernando responded with equal gravity, “Not sure yet.
However, Kristian and Elizabeth are closely monitored; they couldn’t have been involved.
”
Worry gnawed at Fernando too.
He was unable to conceive of anyone who bore a grudge against Stella substantial enough to resort to kidnapping.
After all, Stella and Matthew had made their relationship public long ago, and to kidnap Stella was to openly challenge Matthew.
Could the perpetrators have been Matthew’s enemies?
Fernando, however, was quick to dismiss the idea.
He said worriedly, “If the kidnappers weren’t after money but Stella’s life, our options for negotiation would be virtually nonexistent—”
“That’s impossible,” Matthew interjected firmly, his voice low and resolute.
“Send more men to look for Stella.
I’m heading back now.
Keep me updated immediately if anything changes.
”
Note:
All membership owners kindly join this Whatsapp group for new upcoming stories and updates.
.
With those stern instructions, Matthew ended the call, his hand trembling slightly as he put down the phone.
A chill ran through him, the gravity of the situation sinking in.
Meanwhile, at the hospital, Bennett held the paternity test results, his hands shaking as he processed the information.
With a mix of disbelief and nervousness, he crumpled the report.
“I can’t believe it’s true…”
The document confirmed his suspicions: Stella was indeed the daughter of his uncle.
Bennett’s emotions were a tumultuous mix of shock and excitement over the revelation.
As he hastily pulled out his phone to share the news with Stella, a glance at the time caused him to reconsider.
It was late, and Stella might already be asleep.
Resolving to handle this delicate matter in person, he decided to visit Prosper Bay first thing in the morning.
Just as he was about to put his phone away, it buzzed with an incoming call.
It was Sanford on the line.
Eager to divulge the newfound information, Bennett answered enthusiastically, “Sanford, I’ve got some good news…”
However, before Bennett could continue, Sanford interjected with urgency, “Bennett, something bad happened.
Stella is missing.
”
What Bennett wanted to say was stuck in his throat, and the happiness he felt vanished instantly.
He felt as though a bucket of ice water had been dumped over him, chilling him completely, and the smile on his face froze instantly.
###chapter2087
“Missing? What do you mean?”
Sanford said gravely, “I couldn’t reach her tonight.
Then my men discovered she was kidnapped.
”
Bennett crumpled the report he was holding and demanded, “Who’s responsible?”
Sanford paused before responding, “We’re still trying to figure that out.
It was done covertly.
I’ve heard your ex-fiancee has been causing problems for Stella, so… It’s clear who harbors the deepest resentment toward her now.
”
There was no need for further explanation.
No one understood what kind of person Joann was better than Bennett.
After Sanford finished speaking, Bennett had a rough understanding of the situation.
He angrily ended the call, turned to his team, and commanded, “Gather our people and look for Mrs.
Clark… No, find out where my cousin is!”
His team acted immediately upon his orders.
Unable to wait, Bennett headed to the parking lot, got into his car, and drove off to look for Stella.
He gripped the steering wheel so tightly that his knuckles turned pale.
He had never met his uncle’s daughter and didn’t have a strong emotional bond with her.
Yet, his uncle had taken good care of him while he was alive.
Whenever he spoke to his uncle over the phone in the past, he could hear the soft voice of a little girl in the background.
Note:
All membership owners kindly join this Whatsapp group for new upcoming stories and updates.
.
He had always looked forward to meeting his cousin.
But as they were about to meet, tragedy struck his uncle’s family.
He and his family had been searching for them ever since.
‘s BunnyBookery
As time passed and his grandparents aged, more responsibilities fell to Bennett.
He took up the task of searching for his uncle and his family.
Years had passed, and it was hard to tell if the search was driven by his grandparents’ obsession or his own.
Bennett focused on the road ahead.
Convinced that Stella was his uncle’s daughter, he was determined to find her and fulfill his promise to his uncle, offering her the best.
The night in Seamarsh was restless for many, and for Stella, it was fraught with terror.
All night, she was on edge, driving continuously to evade her pursuers, never allowing herself a moment of rest.
But soon her vehicle warned her of low fuel, and the vehicles pursuing her didn’t relent.
Fear caused her to shudder.
Her back was cold, and her hands on the steering wheel shook slightly, making it hard to stay composed.
Behind Stella, Joann sat in another car, glaring at Stella’s vehicle with intense hatred.
###chapter2088
She gripped her phone and commanded coldly, “Catch her.
Don’t let her escape!”
Joann was convinced that once Stella was on a ship and sent far away, she would never return, and no one would threaten her relationship with Bennett.
Reflecting on Stella’s earlier words, Joann seethed with anger.
Right after Joann gave the order, her phone rang.
It was Felix.
Joann answered impatiently, “What is it? Hurry up.
I’m busy.
”
Felix’s voice came through, slightly irritated, saying, “What’s with your attitude? How can you be so impatient when I’m helping you? Do you think I enjoy bothering you? I just wanted to tell you that I have found out what you wanted to know.
”
Before Joann could respond, Felix added casually, “Bennett’s uncle’s daughter is Stella.
”
At that revelation, Joann’s expression froze.
Her mind went blank as she instinctively looked at Stella’s vehicle ahead of her.
In the next moment, Stella’s van crashed into a bridge.
There was a loud crash, and flames shot up into the sky.
The blast muted all other sounds.
The van ahead was scorched black, and it was impossible to see the condition of anyone inside.
Joann felt as if she had gone deaf, unable to hear anything.
Note:
All membership owners kindly join this Whatsapp group for new upcoming stories and updates.
.
Her eyes were red, and she appeared choking on her emotions.
It took her a moment to regain her voice.
“What did you just say?”
“The one Bennett has been searching for is Stella, the daughter of his uncle, Kori Lowell.
” Felix repeated himself.
After a pause, he asked, “What’s going on there? What was that noise?”
However, Joann didn’t hear his questions.
All she could think about was that Stella was Bennett’s uncle’s daughter.
Could that be why Bennett was so kind to Stella?
Joann struggled to accept such a twist of fate, but since Felix had confirmed it, it had to be true.
How could this happen?
She remained seated, stunned, for a long time.
Finally snapping back to reality, she hurriedly opened the door and stumbled out of the car.
As she thought about the explosion and its possible consequences, Joann kneeled weakly on the ground but forced herself to stand and approach the wrecked van.
“Miss Crawford, don’t go there.
It’s too dangerous.
There might be another explosion.
” Those she hired tried to restrain her, assuring her, “With such a massive explosion, the person in the van must be dead.
There’s no need to check-“
But before they could finish, Joann pushed them away and said, “Don’t touch me!”
It was only then that Joann noticed the hoarseness of her voice.
She was in a state of unprecedented panic.
Stella was a family member of Bennett.
###chapter2089
If Stella was truly gone, any chance of a future with Bennett would be utterly lost!
Just as she was about to take one final glance at the car wreckage, Bennett’s call came through.
Joann was so frightened she wanted to ignore the call, but her hands shook so badly that she accidentally pressed the answer button.
Bennett asked coldly, “Where are you now?”
Joann trembled, too scared to respond.
Bennett’s voice was icy, saying, “Is Stella’s disappearance connected to you? Joann, listen carefully, if anything happens to Stella, the entire Crawford family will answer for it!”
His voice was filled with rage-the angriest Joann had ever heard.
She was terrified.
“Sorry, I’m sorry! I didn’t mean it.
I didn’t know she was.
.
”
Before she could finish her sentence, another explosion erupted from the van in front of her.
Joann could only watch in horror as the van was reduced to a charred shell.
Anyone inside would have surely perished.
Note:
All membership owners kindly join this Whatsapp group for new upcoming stories and updates.
.
Bennett heard the explosion through the phone.
He asked sharply, “What’s happening? Where’s Stella? What have you done to her?”
Joann was paralyzed with fear.
She knew Bennett would never forgive her.
Overwhelmed, she started to cry.
Bennett clenched his teeth and said, “What’s going on? Speak up!”
Joann’s lips quivered, and after a moment, she said rigidly, “Stella is dead.
I killed her…”
She was filled with regret.
Had she known the truth sooner, she would never have harmed Stella.
Silence fell on the other end of the line, and the call disconnected.
Joann felt like she had been plunged into an icy abyss, her entire body chilling.
As despair nearly overtook her, someone suggested, “It looks like no one in the van.
Perhaps the woman escaped?”
Hope flickered in Joann’s eyes.
She blurted out, “Don’t just stand there.
Search for her.
If you find her, bring her to me immediately.
No one is to harm her!”
Joann felt a surge of relief.
She was fortunate.
If Stella had indeed escaped the van, she might still be alive.
As long as Stella was safe, there might still be a chance for reconciliation with Bennett.
###chapter2090
Her men obeyed her commands.
Suddenly, the silence of the road was broken by a noise.
Car headlights began to illuminate the darkness, one by one.
Over ten cars halted on the road, encircling the entire area.
Then, the sound of car doors opening echoed through the air.
Suddenly, a lot of people emerged from the vehicles.
Matthew stood at the forefront of the crowd, his expression stern.
The first person he noticed was Joann, who was directing her men in black in the middle of the road.
At that moment, it was clear to him who was responsible for the chaos.
Gazing at the detestable woman before him, he suppressed the urge to act and simply commanded in a low voice, “Seize this woman.
”
His bodyguards advanced and apprehended Joann.
Joann immediately pleaded, “I’m sorry, Mr.
Clark.
I’m sorry, okay? But can we find Stella first? I… I need to apologize to her.
”
Matthew had no patience for her excuses.
As he was about to respond, Bennett also arrived, his demeanor as icy as Matthew’s.
“What have you done to Stella?” Anger simmered in Bennett’s voice, his fury so intense that it seemed he might commit violence.
Facing the two enraged men, Joann felt both guilt and fear.
She continued to apologize profusely, “I’m sorry.
I’m truly sorry.
I didn’t know.
If I had, I wouldn’t have acted as I did.
”
She knelt on the ground, crawled toward Bennett, tugged at his sleeve, and pleaded, “I just love you too much.
I was afraid Stella would take you from me.
Please, can you forgive me?”
Bennett remained silent, stepping back, and looked at her with disgust.
Joann then turned to Matthew, begging, “Mr.
Clark, I…”
Matthew interrupted coldly, “From now on, I don’t want to see any member of the Crawford family in Seamarsh.
”
Then, in a frosty tone, he warned Bennett, “You’re responsible for this mess.
Keep your distance from my wife going forward.
”
Joann went pale at his words.
Matthew contained his anger and said gravely, “If anything happens to her today, both the Lowell and Crawford families will pay dearly.
”
Bennett also glared at Joann.
He briefly closed his eyes and said to Matthew, “If anything happens to Stella today, I won’t let the Crawford family off the hook, either.
I’ve discovered that Stella is the person I’ve been searching for.
She is my uncle’s daughter.
”
Upon hearing this, Matthew’s face remained impassive.
Fernando’s voice carried over from nearby, filled with surprise.
“Mr.
Clark, we’ve found footprints here!”
###chapter2091
Without looking at Bennett and Joann, Matthew turned and commanded, “Take the team and search for her.
Don’t miss any corner!”
Bennett, no longer paying attention to Joann’s tearful pleas, turned to his men and said, “Collaborate with Mr.
Clark’s team and find her.
”
He then prepared himself to join the search.
“Bennett…” Before Bennett could depart Joann tried to stop him.
“Please don’t go.
Let me say something.
”
With a cold expression, Bennett pushed her aside and said, “I have nothing to discuss with you.
If anything happens to Stella, I’ll hold you responsible.
”
After dismissing Joann, Bennett proceeded to join the search team.
Joann collapsed to the ground.
As she watched his cold, distant figure disappear, she knelt alone, sobbing.
Meanwhile, despite her pain, Stella continued to run desperately on her last reserves of strength.
The van had leaked oil and gone out of control moments ago.
She had leaped from the van just in time and escaped.
Soon after, she heard an explosion not far behind her.
Any hesitation might have cost her life.
‘s BunnyBookery
She also picked up on faint noises nearby.
It was clear that the search party had realized she wasn’t in the van and had started hunting for her.
She couldn’t afford to stop.
She had to continue her journey.
Apprehension was not an option.
She had to find safety and alert the police.
However, after enduring the ordeal all night, exhaustion overtook her.
She tripped over a stone unintentionally.
Stella tried to stand, but she was too weak.
She pushed herself to keep going.
Ultimately, her energy was spent, and she lost consciousness and collapsed.
Matthew led his men to search for Stella, with Bennett’s and Joann’s men close behind.
The open field was empty.
Matthew took a deep breath, feeling a wave of unease settle over him.
Suddenly, a voice called out from behind, “Look! There’s blood here.
It’s still fresh.
Mrs.
Clark must be nearby!”
Matthew hurried toward the source of the voice, reaching a patch of grass.
The sight of blood on the ground made his palms cold with dread.
After hours of searching, dawn began to break.
###chapter2092
Eventually, Matthew found Stella.
She was covered in blood, lying motionless on the ground.
He stopped in his tracks, his expression frozen in shock, and his eyes lingered on her for a long moment.
He walked over to Stella, gently lifting her into his arms.
Even with her in his arms, he couldn’t feel at ease.
It wasn’t until he felt her faint heartbeat that he finally felt a sense of relief.
When Bennett saw Matthew approaching with Stella cradled in his arms, he felt a strong urge to move closer.
“How is she?”
The deep concern in his eyes was unmistakable.
Matthew shot him a cold, piercing look before positioning himself to block Bennett’s view.
“Get out of my way,” he said sharply.
He brushed past Bennett and made his way to the car, holding Stella close.
Once inside the car, Matthew couldn’t bring himself to set Stella down.
As he recalled what happened the night before, a deep fear settled in.
The thought of letting her go made his heart race; he was terrified that she might disappear again.
No one could truly understand the panic he felt when he lost contact with her for so long; no one could grasp the sheer panic that surged through him when he saw the car wreckage after the explosion.
Fortunately, Stella had survived.
Matthew carefully tended to the blood on her wound using wet wipes.
Stella lay unconscious, her body unresponsive, and this made him feel increasingly uneasy.
The car sped through the darkness, and Matthew’s nerves were on edge.
He leaned closer to Fernando and said, “You need to drive faster.
”
Sweat trickled down Fernando’s forehead as he responded, “Mr.
Clark, this is the fastest I can go.
.
”
Matthew didn’t respond, so Fernando maintained the current speed, focusing intently on reaching the hospital as quickly as possible.
He mulled over everything that had happened earlier, and let out a deep sigh.
It was a nerve-wracking night.
Thankfully, Stella hadn’t been in the van when the explosion happened; otherwise, he couldn’t bear to imagine how Matthew would react.
It was even more shocking to learn that Stella was a member of the Lowell family.
Bennett, despite his visible anxiety, had hesitated to approach Stella earlier.
Recalling this, Fernando couldn’t help but feel that the situation was incredibly unpredictable.
The car soon arrived at the hospital, followed almost immediately by Bennett and Joann.
The medical staff were waiting at the entrance.
As soon as Matthew stepped out of the car, Stella was rushed into the emergency room.
Matthew stayed silent throughout, his demeanor making it clear that no one was allowed to approach him.
Bennett had no opportunity to speak with Matthew directly, so he turned to Fernando instead.
“How’s Stella? Is she seriously injured?”
Fernando’s expression grew serious as he answered, “It’s quite serious.
We’ll have to wait for the doctor’s final diagnosis to know the full extent.
”
Bennett’s face drained of color.
Joann, upon hearing this, felt a wave of weakness.
In her distress, she slapped herself hard across the face.
“It’s all my fault,” she muttered.
She struck herself so hard that her cheeks quickly flushed red.
No one showed any sympathy for her; Matthew didn’t even glance in her direction.
When she finally stopped, Bennett’s voice cut through the air, cold and accusing.
“What were you planning to do to Stella?”
Joann met his cold gaze, her mouth opening and closing as she struggled to find the words but remained silent.
Bennett’s anger flared as he demanded, “Tell me now!”
###chapter2093
Joann met Bennett’s icy gaze, her head lowered in shame.
Her voice trembled as she said, “I… I planned to send her to Mart Blue.
”
Bennett’s face hardened.
Mart Blue was infamous—a grimy, underground den of vice, known for its sleazy shows and depraved antics.
It was a chaotic, dark pit.
“You thought it was acceptable to send Stella to a place like that? Are you even capable of basic decency?” Bennett’s voice cut through the air, his anger palpable as his teeth ground together.
Matthew’s stare was cold and unfeeling, boring into Joann with contempt.
Shaking uncontrollably, Joann sobbed and begged, “I’m truly sorry.
I made a terrible mistake.
You can hit me.
You can yell at me.
But please don’t shut me out.
I… I care about you so much.
”
Her voice rose in desperation.
“I’ll do anything you ask-anything at all-even if it means begging Stella for forgiveness.
Just please forgive me this once, and I swear I’ll never make such a mistake again.
”
Bennett, repulsed by the sight of her tear-streaked face, snapped, “Be quiet! If Stella didn’t pull through because of what you did, your life would mean nothing.
”
In a frantic tone, Joann pleaded, “Please don’t be so hard on me.
I realize now how wrong I was.
”
Bennett’s eyes were like shards of ice.
“I haven’t made any moves yet.
Spill every detail now.
If you miss anything, you’ll experience true cruelty.
”
Joann recoiled, her back hitting the wall as she shivered under his cold stare.
She squeezed her eyes shut, trying to escape his unrelenting gaze.
“I’ll explain to you.
I’ll explain everything to you,” she said, her voice trembling.
“When I saw you with Stella yesterday, I was so furious that I had her followed.
With Matthew away on a business trip, I arranged for her to be taken after work.
”
Tears streamed down her face as she added, “I didn’t want to hurt her.
She just annoys me.
With her around, you wouldn’t notice me.
I couldn’t stand her being in my way.
”
Bennett’s voice cut through the corridor like a blade.
“That’s your reason for wanting Stella gone? You’re utterly heartless.
”
The icy disdain in his eyes was more cutting than his words.
Joann bit her lip and shook her head vigorously, her desperation clear in every motion.
“I see now how wrong I was,” she cried.
In a fit of desperation, she slapped herself hard again, her face reddening and swelling even more from the impact.
Joann dropped to her knees, her voice choked with desperation.
“Please don’t be angry with me.
I swear I won’t do it again.
I’ll be good from now on.
”
Her ragged appearance and tear-streaked face were almost too much for Bennett to endure.
He looked away, feeling a wave of revulsion.
The emergency room door burst open, and Matthew hurried to the doctor, Bennett close behind.
“Doctor, how is she doing now?” Matthew asked, his voice filled with anxiety.
The doctor glanced up, his face serious.
“She’s not in immediate danger, but she has several injuries that could lead to a high fever.
Keep a close watch on her and make sure she gets plenty of rest.
”
Recalling that Stella had jumped out of the van before the explosion, Matthew asked, “Was her head injured?”
###chapter2094
The doctor answered, “We’ll need more tests to confirm, but right now, her head seems to be fine.
”
“When will she wake up?” Bennett asked.
The doctor looked up, his expression steady.
“It’s hard to say.
It depends on how she responds.
”
He then glanced at the sobbing woman on the floor, his tone firm.
“The patient needs a quiet environment to heal.
Please keep it down while you’re here.
”
With a final, reassuring nod, the doctor turned and left.
After Stella was transferred to a VIP ward, Matthew strode toward it, Bennett trailing behind.
He suddenly halted and turned to confront Bennett.
‘s BunnyBookery
“I don’t want you in there,” Matthew said coldly.
Bennett’s face fell, his disappointment evident.
“I have to see her.
She’s your wife, but-“
Matthew interrupted, his voice resolute.
“Until Stella is ready to accept you into her life, she’s only my wife.
She’s not involved with your family right now.
”
Matthew eased the door closed behind him.
Stella lay still in the bed, her face pale and marked with bruises.
Matthew stood by her side, his lips pressed tightly together, his face etched with deep regret.
If only he hadn’t been away on that business trip, Joann wouldn’t have had the chance to hurt Stella, and none of this pain would have happened.
He couldn’t bear to think of how frightened she must have been, facing those dangers all alone.
He pulled up a chair, settled into it, and gently took Stella’s hand in his.
Her palm was wrapped in a bandage, and the wounds on her arm were still visible despite the doctor’s efforts.
Matthew’s eyes were filled with concern as he held her hand tightly, trying to offer some comfort.
The ward was wrapped in silence, punctuated only by the steady drip of the IV.
After some time, Fernando gently tapped on the door and whispered, “Mr.
Clark, Mr.
Pierce is here to see you.
”
Matthew carefully placed Stella’s hand back on the bed, and then stood and walked out.
In the hallway, Neville’s eyes widened with surprise when he saw Matthew.
Matthew looked like he had just come through a storm.
Mud streaked his clothes and shoes.
His face was tired, and his eyes were red.
###chapter2095
Normally, Neville might have joked about Matthew’s appearance, but today he was in no mood for humor.
He already knew of the situation with Stella.
With a soft voice, he asked, “How is Stella?”
“There’s no immediate danger to her life.
She just needs some time to heal.
”
Neville exhaled, the tension in his shoulders easing.
“That’s a relief.
”
Without delay, he continued, “I’ve done some digging.
The ship wasn’t bound for Mart Blue.
It was actually headed for a dock in Lyllmann.
”
Matthew’s brow furrowed in confusion.
“A dock in LylLmann?”
Neville gave a small, deliberate nod.
“They have ties to the Charles family.
”
The surname Charles lingered in the air.
Matthew’s gaze shifted sharply to Fernando.
“Is there any connection between Joann and them?”
Fernando shook his head.
“Joann mentioned someone had reached out to her, but she didn’t know who.
We traced the phone number, but it turned out to be fake.
”
Matthew’s face tightened, his mind racing with the implications.
“Is there any bad blood between the Clark family and the Charles family?” Neville asked, his eyes probing for answers.
Matthew shook his head.
“I’ve never heard of any.
”
His face grew thoughtful as he considered Stella’s ties with the Lowell family.
Rumors had once hinted that the Charles family might be behind Bennett’s uncle’s car accident, but after the Lowells moved abroad, the chatter died down, and no one seemed to investigate further.
Had the Charles family stirred up trouble again? And if so, what was their reason?
At the same time, even though Bennett hadn’t said a word, Byron had found out he had retrieved Kori’s blood sample.
Byron called Bennett into the study, his voice edged with concern.
“Tell me the truth,” he said, eyes searching Bennett’s face.
“Why did you suddenly use your uncle’s blood sample? Did you find something?
A spark of hope flickered in Byron’s gaze, though he fought to keep it in check.
Years of shifting from hope to despair had left him wary, unwilling to face that rollercoaster of emotions again.
Bennett had meant to keep his discovery under wraps a little longer, waiting until he could get a read on Stella’s reaction.
But the news had come out sooner than he expected.
After a moment of hesitation, he finally said, “I found my cousin.
”
Byron’s eyes filled with tears.
“Are you serious?”
###chapter2096
Bennett nodded with certainty.
“Yes, I’ve done a paternity test.
She’s Uncle Kori’s daughter.
”
Kyra, who had been listening outside the ajar door, heard the news and let the tray she was holding slip from her hands.
It crashed to the floor with a loud clatter.
The loud noise startled Bennett; he went to open the door wide and saw Kyra standing there, her face wet with tears.
Her eyes, filled with both hope and sorrow, left him momentarily stunned.
Kyra reached out, gripping his hand tightly.
“You really found her?”
Bennett gently led her into the study, his voice calm and reassuring.
“Take a deep breath.
It’s going to be okay.
”
He took a moment to explain, “Her name is Stella, and she’s married to Matthew.
”
Kyra’s grip on his hand tightened.
“We need to go to the Clarks, right now.
”
“Grandma.
” Bennett’s mind raced as he thought about Stella lying in a hospital bed, still unconscious.
They insisted on visiting Stella, undeterred by Bennett’s persuasion.
He had no choice but to confess, “Stella is in the hospital.
”
Hearing that, Kyra and Byron were determined to visit Stella in the hospital.
At the hospital, Kyra’s eyes locked onto Stella’s face, so strikingly similar to Kori’s that her heart ached with emotion.
Tears streamed down her cheeks as she began to sob.
“It’s her.
It’s really her.
She looks just like Kori.
There’s no mistake.
We’ve finally found her.
”
Byron’s eyes were also red and puffy.
They had planned to meet their granddaughter back then, but they hadn’t expected an accident to occur.
After nearly twenty years apart, they had resigned themselves to the belief that they would never see her again.
Now that their granddaughter had unexpectedly reappeared, the joy of finding her was mingled with a deep, bittersweet ache.
Bennett stepped forward, handing them tissues with a sympathetic expression.
He understood their overwhelming feelings but gently said, “First, dry your tears.
She doesn’t know who she is yet.
We don’t want to scare her.
”
Stella, lying in a comatose state in the bed, furrowed her brow slightly as a persistent buzzing invaded her ears.
In the depths of her dreams, she ran ceaselessly, her shouts for help hanging unanswered in the air.
Fear clenched her so tightly that when she tried to scream, her voice deserted her.
Suddenly, a hand grasped hers firmly.
Her eyes snapped open, clouded with confusion.
Before she could make sense of her surroundings, the room filled with urgent cries for a doctor.
###chapter2097
“Doctor, my granddaughter’s awake! Please, come check on her!”
The sound of that unfamiliar voice left Stella utterly bewildered.
She couldn’t place her location, nor could she tell if what surrounded her was real or mere fragments of a dream.
Just moments ago, a woman had called her “granddaughter,” yet Stella knew she only had a grandfather-Clint.
It was only when the doctor entered to examine her that reality began to seep in.
After a brief check-up, the doctor announced, “Nothing serious.
Just make sure to rest well.
”
With a few more instructions, he departed.
Kyra, wrapping her arms gently around Stella, whispered, “My granddaughter, you’ve endured so much over these past years.
”
Stella froze, not daring to move.
She had never met this elderly woman before, and hearing her call her “granddaughter” again startled her.
In front of her, Bennett and an older man stood, which only deepened her confusion.
She parted her lips to speak, but her voice failed her.
Stepping closer, Bennett gently guided Kyra to the side, saying, “Stella has injuries and she’s been out for quite some time.
She probably needs a drink.
Let’s get her some water.
”
Kyra nodded in agreement.
“Right.
”
Excitement bubbling within her, she quickly stood up, ready to fetch water for Stella.
But Bennett had already procured a glass of water, which he passed to Kyra.
With a caring glance, she offered it to Stella.
Despite this being their first encounter, Stella could feel Kyra’s warmth and did not hesitate to accept the water.
After a few sips, her spirits lifted.
She offered a timid “thank you,” and then turned to Bennett with a puzzled look.
“Mr.
Lowell, what happened?”
Her gaze flitted between the two elderly people.
Bennett introduced them to Stella.
“These two are my grandparents, and yours as well.
”
The news hit Stella like a thunderbolt,.
leaving her staring at the elderly couple in utter astonishment.
It took her a while to process Bennett’s words.
Still puzzled, she asked, “So, my father is part of the Lowell family, but what happened to him?”
The room fell into a heavy silence as her question hung in the air.
Byron sighed deeply before speaking again, recounting the past.
“He disappeared.
He planned to bring you and your mother to Seamarsh to meet us, but there was an accident along the way.
”
###chapter2098
There was a deep sorrow in Byron’s eyes, mixed with a tender affection.
He continued, “We thought all three of you had died, but then we received a message saying you were sent to an orphanage in Bysea.
When we looked into it, though, we found nothing.
”
His aging eyes glistened with unshed tears.
Stella listened quietly, her face calm.
After a moment, she asked softly, “So, my father is already gone?”
Her voice was gentle, almost fragile.
No one answered, but the silence told her everything.
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella’s mind was a whirlwind of thoughts.
As she struggled to make sense of everything, the door to the ward swung open again.
Matthew entered, with Bella in tow.
Matthew’s expression tightened as he quickly grasped what was happening.
A frown formed, clearly showing his discontent.
Bennett offered an apologetic smile.
“I’m sorry,” he said.
“When the two elders heard about Stella, they got really worried and insisted on coming to see her.
I couldn’t refuse them.
”
As Bennett spoke, his gaze fell on Bella, who looked like Stella.
He hesitated, words caught in his throat, unsure of how to address Bella or how to explain everything.
Bella stood frozen, stunned by the sight before her.
She had learned about Stella’s ordeal from Matthew and had been anxious ever since.
Stella was all that mattered to her.
Without a second thought, Bella rushed to Stella’s bedside, wrapping her arms around her tightly.
“This is my fault,” she said, her voice quivering.
“I didn’t protect you as I should have, and you had to suffer because of it.
My poor child.
”
Stella felt a wave of relief wash over her.
She gently patted Bella’s back, her voice soft and soothing.
“I’m alright now.
”
Stella noticed the two elderly people hovering nearby, as if they wanted to speak but were holding back.
Considering that Bella’s memory hadn’t fully returned, and given everything Bella had gone through, Stella worried that too much information might overwhelm her.
Stella spoke up, turning to Bennett.
“Mr.
Lowell, maybe you should take them home for now.
This is all happening so suddenly, and I think we all need some time to process it.
”
The two elderly people lingered, their reluctance to leave clear.
Bennett caught on to what Stella was hinting at.
He gave a slight nod.
“I’ll take them back to rest.
We’ll come by another day.
”
But Bella felt something was off, a nagging feeling that they were hiding something from her.
“Hold on a minute,” she said, instinctively stopping them.
She turned to Stella, concern in her voice.
“What were you all just talking about?”
###chapter2099
Stella hesitated, unsure how to explain, and stayed silent.
Bella’s eyes moved from Bennett to Byron, then to Kyra.
Her brow knitted slightly.
“Who are you? Stella is my daughter.
What do you need from her?”
Her tone was still gentle, but there was now a trace of suspicion.
Stella clutched the blanket tightly, her eyes seeking guidance from Matthew.
Matthew gave a subtle shake of his head.
He knew what they had discussed, but his mind had settled on a different conclusion.
Bella might appear delicate, but he knew her heart was far stronger than it seemed.
Matthew was confident that Bella could withstand whatever challenges lay ahead.
The Lowells had reached out to Stella, and now it was only a matter of time before the secrets of the past resurfaced.
Byron’s eyes lingered on Bella as he finally broke the silence.
“Are you Kori’s wife?”
His voice wavered, uncertain and searching.
Bella’s mind raced to the familiar name, and she hesitated before asking, “What’s your connection to Kori?”
Byron’s response was measured.
“Kori is our son.
”
He then shared the story of what had transpired long ago again, his words tinged with the weight of the past.
As he finished, he looked at Bella, a hint of anxiety in his gaze.
“We came in such a hurry that we didn’t bring any pictures of him with us.
But we can show you his photos another day.
”
Both Byron and Kyra appeared heavy with regret.
Bennett reached into his pocket and carefully drew out a photograph.
“I brought one,” he said softly.
The picture he held was the restored image of the family of three.
He extended the photo to Bella, who took it with a tremor in her hand.
As she studied the cheerful faces in the photograph, her mind was flooded with disjointed memories that seemed to flicker and fade.
A sudden, sharp pain pierced her head, making her knees buckle.
Stella rushed to her side and caught her, a note of alarm in her voice.
“Mom.
”
Byron and Kyra exchanged bewildered glances, clearly unprepared for such a reaction.
Stella quickly filled them in.
“After the car accident, both my mom and I lost parts of our memories.
We still struggle to piece together our past.
”
###chapter2100
Byron and Kyra stood in utter shock, unable to speak.
They had not foreseen the sweeping changes that followed the car accident.
Bennett was aware that Bella and Stella had been apart for ages, braving countless trials to reunite.
With so much time gone by, the truth was hard to lay out all at once.
Suddenly, a memory sparked in Stella’s mind.
She faced the trio before her and inquired, “How did you come to know about my ties to the Lowell family?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Bennett offered an apologetic look.
“I’m sorry.
I took some strands of your hair and had my team run a paternity test.
”
Stella remembered snagging her hair on Bennett’s brooch just outside the restaurant the previous day.
She understood Bennett’s urgency in locating his kin, having taken similar steps herself to identify her mother.
She bore no ill will toward Bennett.
Yet, she harbored some reservations.
Breaking the silence, Stella declared, “I would like to take the paternity test again.
”
She was Matthew’s wife, and prudence was necessary in certain matters.
Stella went on, “Mr.
Lowell has always believed I’m the person he has been searching for.
I worry he might be too hasty and slip up.
”
She spoke in vague terms, using soft language, yet it was clear to everyone that she feared Bennett was fabricating stories to validate his doubts.
Byron understood her wariness.
Given that they were dealing with a “family” they hadn’t seen in nearly two decades, anyone would naturally hold some doubts.
Byron nodded in agreement.
“Being cautious is wise.
If you have concerns, we should double-check.
”
Kyra chimed in, “We’ll honor your concerns and have Matthew redo the paternity test.
You seem to trust him more.
”
A brief silence enveloped the room, leaving Bennett feeling slightly uncomfortable.
He then addressed the older couple.
“Grandpa, Grandma, I’ll drive you home first.
We did drop by quite unexpectedly.
Let’s give them some space to think things over.
”
The elderly couple glanced at Bella, who appeared unwell.
Then, noticing that Stella had just awakened and seemed to need rest, they nodded in understanding.
Kyra turned to Stella, her tone warm and caring.
“I’ll head back and prepare some soup for you.
I’ll bring it over later.
”
Stella could feel Kyra’s worry, but these people were practically strangers to her.
She knew Bennett slightly better, yet their bond was far from close.
At that moment, accepting their sudden concern felt awkward.
After a moment’s hesitation, Stella declined politely.
“Please don’t go out of your way.
My husband will handle these matters.
You should take it easy, given your age.
”
###chapter2101
Bennett, noticing Stella’s hesitation, spoke gently to Kyra.
“Grandma, we’ve been patient for so many years; a few more days won’t hurt.
Let’s give her some time to come around.
There’s no rush.
”
Kyra nodded, her expression tinged with sadness, and then she walked away.
Stella’s emotions were mixed.
After the three of them had left, Matthew pondered briefly before addressing Stella and Bella.
“No rush, take all the time you need.
I’ll be outside.
”
With that, he stepped out and caught up with the Lowell family just as they were about to depart.
They halted, and Bennett turned, a questioning look on his face.
“Is there something else?”
Matthew, recalling Neville’s earlier words, paused and then asked Byron, “I hate to bring this up now, but I need to confirm something.
Is there any connection between the Lowell family and the Charles family from Lyltmann?”
Byron shook his head in confusion.
“The Charles family? I’ve never heard of them,” he remarked, turning to Matthew with a puzzled Look.
“Why do you ask all of a sudden?”
Matthew observed Byron carefully, trying to gauge the sincerity of his words.
Not wanting to press the issue, he simply replied, “Nothing much.
Just confirming something.
”
Byron didn’t dwell on it more.
With a nod, he shifted the conversation.
“Mr.
Clark, could you please persuade Stella for us? We’ve been searching for them for years, but we didn’t have enough leads, which has delayed us.
We’ve been apart for so long and haven’t fulfilled our responsibilities.
Now that we’re getting older, we want to make up for lost time.
”
“I’ll respect whatever decision Stella makes,” Matthew responded evenly.
Byron hesitated, his voice hopeful.
“If Stella accepts us as her family, perhaps the relationship between the Clark and Lowell families can strengthen.
”
Matthew met his gaze directly and replied, “Whether Stella is related to the Lowell family or not doesn’t affect her.
She’s been unwell, and I trust you won’t pressure her.
”
Byron noted the genuine concern in Matthew’s eyes and felt a sense of relief, knowing Stella had someone who truly cared for her.
Yet, the longing to take her home weighed heavily on his heart.
He bit his lower lip, contemplating whether to say more, but then nodded silently, choosing to leave things be.
As they walked away, Matthew’s expression darkened, his mind racing with unanswered questions.
If it wasn’t because of the Lowells, then why was the Charles family targeting Stella?
He recalled something Kristian had mentioned before.
Perhaps it was time to meet with Kristian and finally uncover the truth.
Back in the hospital ward, the room fell quiet as the Lowells left.
Bella sat beside Stella’s bed, deep in thought.
Stella watched her, sensing the turmoil within.
###chapter2102
She was equally shocked by the connection between her and the Lowells.
“Kori,” Bella murmured, her voice barely audible as she stared at the floor.
“That name keeps coming back to me.
I only know his name, but I’ve never seen his face clearly.
Is he really part of the Lowell family?”
The name sent a sharp pang through her heart, deepening her resolve to reclaim her lost memories.
She didn’t want to live in this fog any longer.
Stella noticed Bella’s silence, her worry growing with each passing second.
She reached out and gently took Bella’s hand, squeezing it reassuringly.
“Mom, I know this is hard, but don’t push yourself too much.
Focus on getting better first.
Our memories have been gone for so long; they won’t just come back overnight.
We need to be patient and take this one step at a time.
”
Bella nodded, her eyes reflecting a mix of determination and lingering uncertainty.
Just then, the door creaked open, and Matthew stepped in.
The room fell silent as Bella and Stella turned their attention to him.
Matthew’s expression grew serious, and Stella was confused.
“What did you talk to them about?”
Matthew, lost in his own thoughts, was jolted back to the present by the sound of her voice.
To prevent her from getting worked up, he sidestepped her question with a nonchalant shrug, saying, “Nothing much, just small talk.
”
He then quickly steered the conversation away.
“I’ve arranged for a paternity test.
As soon as I have the results, you’ll be the first to know.
”
Stella hesitated, shaking her head gently.
“There’s no need to rush.
Honestly, we can take our time.
”
She figured that the results were probably already clear since Bennett had brought the two elders.
Suggesting another paternity test was just a way to buy herself some breathing room, just to cushion the blow.
After all, everything was unfolding so suddenly, and she was struggling to come to terms with the idea of suddenly having so many relatives.
But her thoughts were soon overtaken by a more pressing concern.
Turning to Matthew, she asked, “Who was behind this?”
Matthew didn’t sugarcoat it.
“It was Joann.
”
No sooner had he spoken than a clamor erupted from outside the hospital room.
“Matthew Clark! Get out of here! Why did you have someone pull my company’s project? And where have you hidden my sister?”
Felix’s angry voice boomed from the hallway.
“Matthew, stop hiding! Get out here and explain yourself!”
Stella’s expression hardened at the sound of Felix’s voice, and Matthew’s brow furrowed.
Rising to his feet, Matthew said, “Stay put.
I’ll go handle this.
”
But before he could leave, the door swung open.
Felix stormed in, flanked by a group of people, with Matthew’s bodyguards on his heels, trying vainly to restrain him.
###chapter2103
Seething with anger, Felix confronted Matthew, “What’s the meaning of this? My family’s done nothing to you.
Why are you making life difficult for us?”
Matthew’s face darkened like a gathering storm.
His fists clenched as if he were on the brink of losing his cool.
Sensing the tension, Stella quickly intervened, addressing Felix.
“Do you think I’m lying in this bed for no reason?”
Felix, momentarily stunned, finally noticed Stella’s presence.
In a voice dripping with misplaced confidence, he averted his gaze and declared, “This has nothing to do with my family.
Regardless, Matthew needs to explain himself today, or I’m not leaving!”
Matthew’s gaze was as cold as ice as he retorted, “You should be asking your sister what she’s done instead of hounding me for answers.
”
Felix frowned at Matthew’s cold tone, suspicion creeping into his mind.
Could Joann have harmed Stella again?
But the severity of Stella’s injuries made him doubt Joann would dare do something so reckless.
Felix opened his mouth to accuse Matthew of lying, but the words caught in his throat as he remembered the explosion in the background when he talked to Joann over the phone.
At the time, he was too indifferent to look into what had happened; instead, he chose to enjoy a leisurely dinner with Lindsay.
‘s BunnyBookery
It wasn’t until the next morning that he discovered something had gone wrong at his company, and Joann was unreachable.
Matthew, his patience wearing thin, ordered the bodyguards, “Take him out.
And if anyone else barges in, you’re fired!”
Seeing Matthew’s rising anger, the bodyguards quickly moved to drag Felix and his group away.
But Felix resisted, his voice rising in defiance.
“I don’t understand what you’re talking about, and I won’t believe a word without proof! No matter what, you owe us an explanation!”
Matthew’s voice was as cold as steel.
“Your sister should arrive at the police station in about ten minutes.
If you hurry, you might just catch her there.
Ask her directly if you want answers.
As for your company, it’s finished.
You’re lucky you still have the breath to shout about it here.
You can thank Stella for that!”
Felix barely had time to react before the bodyguards clamped him down and hauled him out.
Finally, the ward regained its peace.
Stella slumped back against the pillows, the exhaustion of all that drama settling in.
Bella squeezed her hand.
“Rest up.
The doctor said you need it.
”
Stella gave a tired nod and allowed her eyes to flutter shut for a moment.
Matthew, on the other hand, was restless.
The doubts gnawing at him needed answers.
He gazed at Stella’s pale face before he turned to Bella.
“I need to check on something.
Will you stay with her?”
Bella offered a reassuring smile.
“Of course.
I’ll make sure she’s okay.
”
Matthew offered a curt nod.
“I won’t be long.
”
###chapter2104
Then he slipped quietly out of the ward and headed to the prison.
It had been some time since he last saw Kristian.
The ambitious businessman was now just a shadow of his former self, worn down by time.
As Matthew stepped into the visitation room, Kristian lit up with a twisted smirk.
“Well, well, Mr.
Clark… what brings you here?” he drawled sarcastically.
“Didn’t think you’d come alone.
”
Matthew wasn’t here for small talk.
He cut straight to the chase.
“Who helped you take Bella after the car accident? And who sent Stella to that orphanage in Bysea?”
These questions had haunted him for some time, and the pieces never quite fitted together.
Before becoming the wealthy Kristian, Ethan hadn’t been a power player back then.
So how had he managed to go head-to-head with the Lowell family and keep these secrets buried for so long?
Kristian leaned back, studying Matthew with a smug face.
“Starting to piece it together, are you? You want the truth? Fine.
But you’re going to have to earn it.
Get me out of here, and I’ll tell you everything.
”
The man was desperate, so he was willing to say anything.
His once proud and arrogant demeanor had been shattered by prison life, leaving him hollow, bitter, and desperate to leave that hellhole behind.
But Matthew didn’t care about his misery.
He completely ignored his demands.
“Stella is Kori Lowell’s daughter, isn’t she?”
The mention of the name hit Kristian like a punch.
He balled his fists hard, and even his stoic face slipped for a heartbeat.
How did Matthew know about Kori?
And how had he discovered the connection so quickly?
He struggled to play cool, and couldn’t help but squint when he met Matthew’s gaze.
“And what’s it to me who Stella’s father is? That doesn’t concern me.
”
Matthew’s tone came hard this time.
“I’ll give you one last chance to come clean.
Did you orchestrate the car accident that changed the fate of Stella’s family, or were you just the puppet?”
Kristian’s eyes darted nervously, the lie on his lips evident even before he spoke.
“Who else? Of course, I did it! No one helped.
I hated Kori-I wanted him dead, and that’s all there is to it!”
But Matthew wasn’t fooled.
He could see right through Kristian’s facade.
A cold smirk twisted on his lips as he pressed further, “Was it the Charles family of Lyllmann?”
The question hit its mark.
Kristian’s head shot up, panic flashing in his eyes.
The controlled demeanor he’d fought so hard to maintain crumbled right there.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he spat.
“Leave me out of this! I know nothing! Stop asking me!”
He tried to stand, his chair scraping loudly against the floor.
###chapter2105
But Matthew wasn’t about to let him off the hook so easily.
“So, the Charles family… are they targeting Kori alone, or is this a vendetta against the entire Lowell family?” he asked, tugging him back down.
He watched as Kristian’s fear morphed into full-blown panic.
The man pounded the table wildly.
“I told you, I don’t know! Take me back! I want to go back!”
The guards were ready, hovering their hands over their batons as they looked to Matthew for direction.
“Mr.
Clark,” one of them began cautiously, “should we-“
“Take him away,” Matthew ordered, cutting the guard off.
There was no point in continuing.
‘s BunnyBookery
He knew he’d squeezed Kristian for all he was worth.
Any further questioning would be futile.
The guards quickly obliged, dragging the frantic Kristian out of the room.
Matthew leaned back in his chair, arms crossed, rethinking everything.
It was all so twisted, so complex that the truth remained just out of reach.
After Cordell revealed Stella and Kori’s paternity test results, the connection between Stella and the Lowell family quickly became the talk of their social circle.
However, Stella preferred to keep a low profile, choosing not to make a public announcement just yet.
Lindsay overheard the news during a conversation between Lucia and Waldo.
Although she tried to maintain a composed exterior, even feigning happiness, inside, she was simmering with jealousy.
She had nothing of her own.
Her entire existence depended on the benevolence of the Clark family, and she lived in constant fear of being cast out and losing everything.
Stella, on the other hand, was cherished and cared for by Matthew, and her mother was a celebrated designer.
Now, she had the powerful backing of the Lowell family.
At the thought of the stark contrast, Lindsay felt even more unsettled, like the ground was slipping away from beneath her feet.
The only person Lindsay could possibly use to her advantage, Joann, was in jail.
If she didn’t devise a plan soon, Stella would forever eclipse her.
Unlike Lindsay, Waldo was elated upon discovering Stella’s connection to the Lowells.
He suggested, “Now that Stella has found her family, and given the long-standing friendship between the Clarks and the Lowells, why don’t we all have a meal together once Stella is out of the hospital?”
Lindsay forced a smile upon hearing this, but inside, she was seething.
Her life seemed to revolve entirely around Stella, and it took all her strength not to grit her teeth in frustration.
Lucia agreed enthusiastically, “That sounds wonderful.
We should have a lovely meal together to celebrate Stella’s reunion with her family.
”
As Lucia spoke, she caught Lindsay’s gaze and subtly signaled to Waldo.
###chapter2106
The tension between Stella and Lindsay was palpable, and Lucia knew Lindsay’s presence might make Stella uncomfortable.
So, Lucia suggested, “Lindsay, the Wheelers called and said your mom was sick and wanted you to come home.
”
Although Lucia’s tone was soft, Lindsay could see through the polite facade; she was being dismissed.
Her expression grew stiffer.
In the past, whenever there was an issue with the Wheelers, Lucia would always step in to help Lindsay decline their requests.
But now, for Stella’s sake, Lucia was actively sending Lindsay back to the Wheelers.
Lindsay lowered her head, concealing the resentment in her eyes, and murmured, “I see.
I’ll ask for a day off and visit her tomorrow.
”
Seeing that Lindsay was being reasonable, Lucia sighed in relief.
But Lindsay’s hatred for Stella deepened.
Without Stella in the picture, she would still be the only person important to Waldo and Lucia, aside from Matthew.
Everything had changed because of Stella.
She could clearly sense the shift-Lucia and Waldo no longer cared for her as much as before; their warmth had been replaced by a newfound guardedness.
Though she was unwilling to accept this, she kept her feelings hidden, silently vowing never to let Stella feel too secure in her newfound position.
After the matter was settled, Lucia immediately contacted Matthew, informed him of their decision, and asked him to make the necessary arrangements.
Three days later, Stella was discharged from the hospital.
The Clark and Lowell families gathered for dinner, with Bella also in attendance.
To Stella’s surprise, Bennett brought Sanford along to the family gathering.
Sanford greeted her warmly, “Mrs.
Clark, it’s been a while.
”
Stella was surprised.
Bennett offered an explanation.
“Sanford was your father’s most trusted student, so I thought it fitting to formally introduce him to you.
”
With a food container in hand, Sanford calmly said, “I heard about your accident and injury.
I had the servants prepare this dish for you-it’s ideal for recovery.
”
Stella glanced at the food container, a fleeting memory surfacing of the countless times people had brought nutritious meals to her hospital room during her stay.
The food container looked strikingly similar to the one Sanford was holding.
“Was it you who sent the nutritious meals while I was in the hospital?” she inquired, a hint of curiosity in her voice.
Sanford nodded calmly.
“I heard about your injury and was quite concerned.
I wanted to do something for you, so I arranged for someone to cook the dishes and have them delivered.
I hope it helped with your recovery.
How did they taste?”
Stella responded politely, “I apologize for not trying them.
Since the food arrived without a name, and given the unexpected nature of my injury, I was cautious and didn’t eat it.
If I had known it was from you, I certainly would have.
”
Sanford smiled warmly.
“It’s perfectly fine.
You can try it today.
I think you’ll find it quite pleasant.
”
Before she could respond, Matthew, his expression devoid of emotion, pushed the food container aside and remarked coolly, “Mr.
Quimby, there’s no need for you to go to such Lengths.
The Clark family has more than enough chefs.
We don’t need anyone currying favor with us.
I trust you’ll be mindful of the occasion and your position.
”
###chapter2107
Matthew’s displeasure was evident, his attitude toward Sanford noticeably cold.
However, Sanford seemed unbothered by the hostility, maintaining his smile.
“I only meant well, Mr.
Clark.
You should relax.
”
He then lowered his voice, speaking with a cryptic tone.
“What’s meant to be yours will be yours.
If it isn’t, no amount of effort will change that.
”
With those words, Sanford dismissed Matthew’s reaction entirely and walked over to the elders, the food container in hand.
Stella frowned slightly.
There was something off about Sanford’s behavior-something she couldn’t quite put her finger on.
Instinctively, she felt that Matthew was right; Sanford was likely not as straightforward as he appeared.
It was wise to keep a safe distance.
Gently, she squeezed Matthew’s hand, offering reassurance.
“Don’t let it bother you.
You should trust in me and in our relationship.
”
Matthew gave a curt nod, but the wariness in his eyes remained.
Since the elders were seated some distance away from Stella and Matthew, they were oblivious to the earlier exchange.
Their attitudes toward Sanford remained unchanged, warm and welcoming.
After Stella and Matthew entered the living room, Kyra called Stella over.
“Stella, come here,” she beckoned.
Kyra then presented Stella with an exquisite set of emerald jewelry.
The necklace, particularly the jade pendant, gleamed brilliantly.
Its translucent green hue sparkled with an opulence that was undeniable.
Even though Stella wasn’t an expert in jewelry, she could easily discern its immense value.
Stella was taken aback and instinctively tried to refuse.
“No, this is too valuable.
I can’t accept it,” she protested.
Kyra’s expression turned somber, tinged with self-reproach.
“If I hadn’t insisted on having you and your parents return back then, this accident might never have occurred.
The hardships you’ve endured over the years can’t be compensated by this jewelry alone,” she said, her voice heavy with regret.
Upon hearing Kyra’s words, Lucia felt moved.
She gently urged, “Stella, please accept it.
It’s a gift from your grandmother, after all.
”
Stella hesitated.
Both Lucia and Kyra pressed, “Take it.
”
Finding it impossible to decline, Stella gratefully accepted the gift.
“Thanks, Grandma,” she murmured, not quite used to having a grandmother yet.
Kyra, tears welling up in her eyes, softly encouraged, “Good girl, let me help you with that.
”
She reached out for the necklace, causing Stella to recoil slightly.
They had only just met-they were practically strangers, and Stella was not accustomed to such intimacy.
Just as she was about to , Matthew intervened, saying, “Allow me to take care of this.
”
He gently took the necklace and dr@ped it around Stella’s neck as she looked on, somewhat bewildered.
###chapter2108
As he clasped the necklace, ensuring it lay perfectly against Stella’s skin, Matthew maintained a close proximity that suggested intimacy.
His actions seemed to perform for an audience, particularly Sanford, as he handled the necklace with tender care.
After securing it, Matthew paused to admire the necklace briefly, and then met Stella’s gaze with a smile and complimented, “It suits you beautifully.
”
Others joined in, their voices warm and supportive.
“Absolutely, that jewel is perfect on you.
You’re absolutely dazzling.
Honestly, with that necklace, I can’t look away.
”
Stella felt her cheeks warm with the flush of their praise.
Kyra shared a smile with everyone, and then turned to Bella, presenting her with another jewelry box.
“I know you’ve been undergoing treatment at the hospital.
I reached out to Bennett’s dad overseas to see if he could help us find a doctor to assist you.
”
Bella shook her head gently.
“No need, thanks.
A friend of Matthew’s has already found a doctor for me.
He’s exceptional and someone we can trust completely.
”
Relief washed over Kyra upon learning that Matthew had arranged everything.
At the dinner table, the mood was light; everyone chatted and laughed joyously.
The conversation then turned to how Stella and Matthew first met and their journey to marriage, capturing everyone’s attention.
Waldo, noticing the cheerful atmosphere, seized the moment.
“You know, I’ve been thinking,” he began, his expression turning serious.
“Stella’s wedding was marred by certain events.
Now that she’s found her family, I think she and Matthew deserve a new start-a proper wedding.
” He paused, looking around at the gathering.
“Marriage is sacred, a milestone to be celebrated just once.
I don’t want any regrets for them.
What do you think?”
The news of the shooting at Stella and Matthew’s wedding had sent ripples through Seamarsh.
Almost everyone had heard about it, including the Lowell family.
Byron gave a slight nod and declared, “This time, we’ll ensure the wedding is truly spectacular.
”
Kyra chimed in with a note of relief, “Luckily, it’s not too late.
We’ll still get to see Stella walk down the aisle.
”
As she spoke, a sigh escaped her, and tears began to gather in her eyes.
The mood around them was buoyant.
The elders were already busy discussing who to invite, yet Stella’s feelings were mixed.
For her, the wedding ceremony was a haunting recollection.
Sometimes, she would wake up from dreams where Matthew lay in a pool of blood.
She dreaded the thought of those memories resurfacing but also didn’t want to let her family down.
Catching on to Stella’s reluctance, Sanford cut in, “Shouldn’t we consider what Stella wants? It seems to me she’s not entirely on board with the idea of this wedding.
”
After Sanford spoke, all eyes turned to Stella, catching the troubled expression that flickered across her face.
Indeed, Stella hadn’t wanted another wedding ceremony, and Sanford’s sudden mention of it caught her off guard.
She lifted her head and met the expectant gazes around her, a blush of embarrassment coloring her cheeks.
“Stella, are you really against having another wedding ceremony?”
Lucia asked.
###chapter2109
Stella struggled to find the words to explain to Lucia.
Admitting her reluctance would let everyone down.
Waldo’s brow furrowed as he turned to Matthew, his voice tinged with accusation.
“How can she be indifferent to a wedding? Did you overlook something last time, or perhaps not make her feel secure enough? Is that why she’s hesitant to do it again?”
Matthew remained silent.
Unable to watch Matthew take the blame, Stella quickly interjected, “Waldo, you’ve got it all wrong.
It’s not his fault.
It’s on me.
”
Waldo remarked, “There’s no need to speak on his behalf.
He’s always engulfed in work.
Perhaps he didn’t put in enough effort on the wedding preparations last time, leaving you disappointed.
”
Stella hastened to clarify, “No, that’s not it at all.
We were both deeply invested in preparing for the wedding last time, but what happened during the ceremony has cast a long shadow over me.
I’m genuinely concerned.
”
Hearing this, Waldo remained silent.
Lucia’s expression turned grim as well.
It was evident that the memory of the horrible event had affected everyone, their faces momentarily clouded with sorrow.
Even after all this time, bringing up anything related to Benny still enveloped the Clark family in a veil of grief.
Stella chimed in, “Matthew and I have been married for some time now.
The ceremony is merely a formality.
What truly matters is our bond.
”
She then grasped Matthew’s hand, adding, “So, the wedding itself is insignificant to me.
”
Lucia seemed to disagree but hesitated, searching for the right words.
Matthew declared, “I admit, I wasn’t completely ready before, which allowed someone to exploit the situation.
I plan to arrange a new, even more magnificent wedding.
”
At this, Stella began to .
Matthew gripped her hand firmly and declared, “The more something frightens us, the more essential it is to confront it.
This wedding will be flawless.
You deserve every happiness.
There’s no reason for you to suffer any injustice.
”
Stella, seeing his determination, chose not to protest further.
“We should take our time with this decision.
We’ll discuss it later,”
Byron suggested, deferring the topic.
Laughter soon returned to the table, lightening the atmosphere.
Matthew and Sanford exchanged knowing glances across the table.
At that moment, Waldo’s curiosity was piqued by Sanford’s unfamiliar face.
“Who is this?” he inquired.
Byron explained, “This is Sanford, a young man Kori once sponsored.
We’ve maintained a relationship over the years.
He now partners with Bennett in a business, and I’ve come to regard him as my own grandson.
Sanford, meet Mr.
Waldo Clark.
”
Sanford greeted Waldo courteously, and then steered the conversation in a new direction.
“Actually, I’m here today to explore a potential collaboration with Stella.
”
###chapter2110
He naturally addressed Stella by her first name.
Sanford and the Lowell family had numerous interactions, so they were quite familiar with him.
Kyra, with her sharp intuition, noticed something peculiar—Sanford’s gaze lingered on Stella longer than usual, a stark contrast to the way he looked at others.
Could it be that he had feelings for Stella?
The very thought stunned Kyra.
This was ridiculous.
Stella was a married woman, and Sanford had known this for quite some time.
He wasn’t someone who couldn’t distinguish between right and wrong; he would never harbor such improper desires.
With a smile, Kyra remarked, “You two are of the same age and share common ground in your work.
If there’s ever an opportunity in the future, Bennett and Sanford, you should look out for Stella.
”
Sanford quickly responded, “Don’t worry.
I like Stella… I mean, I see her as a sister.
Of course, I’ll be there to help her whenever she needs it.
”
Sanford’s words nearly took Stella by surprise.
She had feared he might say something outrageous in front of everyone.
Thankfully, he knew better.
Stella remained silent, unsure of how to respond.
Meanwhile, Matthew’s expression darkened.
The brief moment of awkwardness passed, and the lively atmosphere at dinner quickly resumed.
After the meal, the four elders were reluctant to part ways.
The two families had been friends for generations.
With Stella and Matthew’s marriage, their bond had only deepened.
Noticing everyone’s reluctance to leave, Waldo suggested, “Why don’t we make this a monthly family gathering?”
Byron readily agreed, and after a bit more conversation, they finally parted ways.
Bennett left with Sanford.
As they settled into the car, Bennett couldn’t shake off the odd behavior Sanford had exhibited earlier.
He asked cautiously, “Are you… Do you like my cousin?”
Sanford countered with a question of his own, “Stella is exceptional and has a great character.
Your grandparents adore her.
Why wouldn’t I like her too?”
Bennett was speechless.
He knew Sanford’s words didn’t quite align with what he was implying.
After a brief silence, Bennett clarified, “You know what I mean.
It’s clear Stella cares deeply for Matthew, and Matthew is someone you can trust.
No matter what you might be feeling, the best you can do is treat Stella as a sister.
”
Sanford didn’t respond, but a faint smile played on his Lips.
Bennett noticed his demeanor and realized that Sanford wasn’t taking his words seriously.
This wasn’t how things used to be.
As time passed, Bennett found himself increasingly perplexed by Sanford’s thoughts and intentions.
###chapter2111
But he had made his warning clear.
Sanford was no fool; he had to understand that a man like Matthew wouldn’t allow him any opportunity to pursue Stella.
If he persisted, the outcome could be disastrous.
Bennett sighed, overwhelmed by the recent events.
The association with the Lowell family had only a subtle influence on Stella’s life.
If pressed, she would remark that it simply meant there were a few more people who held her dear.
Stella sensed that the Lowells cared deeply for her and held her in high regard; however, her scant memories of them meant that her affection for them was somewhat reserved.
What truly delighted Stella was hearing from Earle that Bella’s health was improving and there was a strong possibility that her memory would fully return.
“I hope you can remember everything in the past!” Stella exclaimed.
Bella, visibly uplifted by the news, agreed earnestly, “Yes.
”
She yearned to escape the shadows of deceit that had clouded her life.
As they left the hospital, Stella’s phone rang-it was Miley on the other line, bubbling with excitement.
Before Stella could get a word in, Miley burst out, “Neville has a friend who recently opened a holiday resort.
How about you join us for a bit of relaxation?”
Recent events had been a whirlwind, leaving little time for leisurely outings.
Glancing at Bella, Stella felt a moment of hesitation.
Bella, overhearing the conversation, blinked encouragingly and mouthed, “Go ahead.
It’s fine.
”
Stella consented.
“When do we leave?”
Miley, thrilled, replied, “I’ll take care of the arrangements.
We can head out tonight.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
After a pause, Miley added with a hint of mischief, “And don’t forget to bring Mr.
Clark along.
It’s rare we all get to gather.
”
With a resigned smile, Stella responded, “I’d love to, but it all depends on his availability.
”
Miley chuckled.
“If Mrs.
Clark personally invites him, how could he possibly refuse?”
Stella responded, “Don’t talk nonsense.
”
Miley teased her once more before the two ended the call.
Turning to Bella, Stella said, “I’m heading to a resort with Miley tonight.
Would you like to come?”
“No, thanks,” Bella declined, squeezing Stella’s hand gently.
“You’ve been through so much lately.
You deserve some rest.
Don’t worry about me; I can manage on my own.
”
Stella nodded in understanding.
After the driver took Bella home, Stella made her way to Prosperity Group to meet with Matthew.
###chapter2112
Inside the bustling offices of Prosperity Group, Fernando was in the midst of briefing Matthew on a recent hiccup in their operations.
“We had plans to import medical equipment from Sothrea, but our partner has abruptly decided to reconsider,” Fernando explained, his voice tinged with concern.
“Apparently, someone has offered a higher bid, though we’re still in the dark about who the buyer might be.
We haven’t been able to confirm the accuracy of this information, but we urgently need this equipment.
What should we do, Mr.
Clark?”
Matthew’s brow furrowed in thought.
“Book the air ticket.
I’ll handle this in Sothrea myself.
”
Fernando paused, hesitating before he spoke again.
“This partner has always been a bit peculiar, preferring only online communications previously.
Plus, they only agreed to collaborate with us this time because they knew Lindsay’s mentor.
Should we consider bringing her along?”
As Stella pushed open the door and entered, the mention of Lindsay’s name caught her attention.
Stella caught sight of Fernando clutching a document.
As she noticed both Fernando and Matthew staring at her, she modestly lowered her gaze and apologized, “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you were in the middle of something work-related.
I’ll step out now.
”
With those words, she began to retreat, ready to close the door behind her.
Matthew quickly intervened.
“No need to leave.
We’ve just finished up here.
”
He then turned to Fernando, instructing, “Please let Lindsay know to join us in the business trip to Sothrea in three days.
”
“Understood,” Fernando responded, closing the file before exiting the room.
‘s BunnyBookery
Now alone with Stella in the expansive office, Matthew took a moment to clarify.
“We’re facing some complications with a project we agreed on.
Lindsay has been overseeing it.
Changing our point person now could really set us back.
”
He wanted to make sure Stella understood the reason for involving Lindsay.
Stella offered him a reassuring smile.
“I get it.
No need to be so worried.
While I’m not Lindsay’s biggest fan, I know how to keep our personal issues out of the business.
Just be careful.
”
Matthew assured her, “Don’t worry.
”
Then, drawing closer, he wrapped his arms around her and asked, “What brings you to the office so unexpectedly?”
Stella reached up and looped her arms around his neck.
“Miley mentioned that Neville’s buddy owns a resort and he’s invited us to relax there.
It sounded like a good change of pace, so I said yes.
”
She paused, recalling Fernando’s earlier comments.
With a note of hesitation, she added, “But if you’re buried in work, I can always postpone it.
We can head out there when you’re less busy.
”
Matthew pondered for a moment before replying, “No, I’ll make it work.
I’ll join you right before my business trip.
”
He then picked up the internal phone and asked Fernando to get a car ready.
That evening, when Stella and Matthew arrived at the resort and got out of their car, Miley and Neville also reached there.
Miley burst out of her car and immediately embraced Stella.
Surprised, Stella stepped back momentarily before melting into the hug.
Miley squeezed Stella’s waist gently and Looked at her with concern.
“It’s been a long time! You look thinner, though.
Has Mr.
Clark deprived you of your meals?”
###chapter2113
Stella offered a reassuring smile.
“I’ve been eating regularly, don’t worry.
”
Miley clasped Stella’s hand, examining her more intently.
“How have you been, really? Are you fully recovered?”
Stella remarked, “I’ve been taking it easy for a while now.
I’m totally fine, so don’t worry about me.
”
Miley, visibly relieved, responded, “How do you always end up so unlucky? Most people never go through such hardships, yet you seem to find it at every turn.
I’m just glad you’re okay now.
I was so worried when I first heard about it.
Neville didn’t even mention it until you were already recovering.
”
Stella appreciated Miley’s concern and shook her head.
“It’s in the past now.
Let’s not dwell on it anymore.
It won’t happen again.
”
Miley nodded and added, “But you know, good things often follow the bad.
Despite everything, there were some positives, right?”
She grinned mischievously.
“Through all this, you discovered your family.
That’s something to celebrate, isn’t it?”
Stella smiled, acknowledging the point.
“It truly is something to celebrate.
”
Clutching Stella’s arm, Miley teased, “I’m holding onto a real treasure here-the daughter of the renowned designer Bella, the wife of the CEO of Prosperity Group, and a member of the Lowell family.
With connections like these, no one would dare trouble you now.
Looks like I need to keep a firmer grip!”
Stella chuckled and replied, “Stop it.
No matter my connections, I’m here as your best friend.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
As they walked on, Miley’s grip was warm and firm.
“That’s right, best friends forever.
”
Stella’s spirits lifted further, buoyed by Miley’s infectious enthusiasm.
Miley beamed.
“I’ve arranged everything for today.
”
Curious, Stella noticed a sparkle in Miley’s eyes and asked, “What mischief are you planning now?”
With a conspiratorial wink, Miley whispered, “This place is famous for its hot springs, and I’ve asked the staff to set aside some rather daring swimsuits for us.
With your stunning figure, you’ll definitely turn heads—especially Matthew’s.
”
Stella blushed and shyly lowered her head, murmuring, “Stop teasing me!”
Miley glanced at Matthew, who was close by, and then leaned in and whispered with a smile into Stella’s ear, “I’m not teasing you, it’s true.
You’re going to have a great time tonight…”
Before Miley could finish, Stella gently tapped her and cut her off, saying, “Stop.
”
Miley laughed and grabbed Stella’s arm.
She teased, “Tell me, how many rounds did you have in a night at most?”
Stella couldn’t stop herself from imagining scenarios that made her cheeks flush even deeper.
Just as Stella was about to correct Miley on how to phrase things properly, she suddenly spotted a familiar face and stopped mid-sentence.
“What’s wrong?”
Following Stella’s gaze, Miley noticed two men standing nearby; one of whom was mature, elegant, and handsome.
The man caught Stella’s eye and even nodded at her with a smile.
###chapter2114
Miley, intrigued, nudged Stella and asked curiously, “Who’s this handsome guy? He looks every bit as impressive as Matthew.
”
Stella frowned slightly, surprised to see Sanford there.
Miley couldn’t resist asking, “Do you know him?”
Preferring to avoid too much interaction with Sanford, Stella whispered to Miley, “We’ll talk about it later.
”
She then grabbed Miley’s hand, ready to leave.
At that moment, Sanford and the man with him quickly approached Stella.
Sanford greeted her and said, “What a coincidence.
I didn’t expect to see you here.
”
Stella smiled awkwardly and replied stiffly, “Indeed, a coincidence.
”
Seeing the two men by Stella, Matthew, who had been chatting with Neville, looked concerned and hurried over.
Neville quickly followed him.
As Matthew approached and noticed one of the men was Sanford, he took Stella’s hand firmly, as if to claim his ownership.
Sanford glanced at Matthew and Stella holding hands, smiled subtly, and remained silent.
When the man beside Sanford saw Neville, he greeted him warmly, saying, “Neville, I didn’t expect you to come with Mr.
Clark.
It’s great to have you here.
”
“We just happened to be free,” Neville replied curtly, and then turned to the women and introduced, “This is Philip Dawson, the owner of the resort.
”
Miley and Stella gave a slight nod.
Philip greeted the two warmly, and then turned to Sanford and asked cautiously, “Do you know them as well?”
Sanford completely disregarded Matthew’s presence, gestured toward Stella, and said with a smile, “This is my younger sister.
”
Philip looked puzzled.
“Since when did you have a sister?”
Sanford just offered a smile in response and chose not to elaborate.
Philip was about to delve deeper, but noticing Matthew’s stern expression, he quickly dropped the subject.
He cleared his throat and shifted the conversation, saying, “We’re having a small auction at the hotel, and it includes a pair of Chaumet couple rings.
Neville, since you’re planning to propose, you might want to check it out…”
In the middle of his words, Philip glanced at Matthew and Stella and added with a smile, “Mr.
Clark, you might find it interesting as well.
I hope you enjoy your stay here.
”
After finishing his words, he tugged at Sanford, signaling it was time to leave.
However, Sanford stayed put.
His gaze lingered on Stella’s hand, and then he turned to Matthew and inquired, “There’s nothing on Stella’s hand.
Since you’re gearing up for a wedding, shouldn’t you be preparing a ring?”
###chapter2115
Philip was unsure of the dynamics between the two and aimed to flatter Matthew, quickly interjecting, “What a coincidence, Chaumet rings symbolize eternal bonds, crowned by love.
Proposing with such rings would be the perfect touch, enhancing the longevity and strength of your union with Mrs.
Clark.
”
Philip continued with more blessings, but Matthew remained impassive, and so did Sanford.
Only then did Philip realize there was more than a simple acquaintance between the two men.
There was some tension.
Being an astute businessman, once he understood the complex relationships at play, he became more cautious.
He smiled and suggested, “If you’re interested, feel free to attend the auction.
Enjoy yourselves.
”
With that, he nudged Sanford and quickly left.
As soon as Sanford and Philip walked away, Miley’s curiosity got the best of her.
She tugged Stella to the side, her eyes wide with questions.
“What just happened? When did you get a brother? Is he from the Lowell family? But why does he look so… off? He doesn’t seem like the kind of person you’d trust.
”
Stella blinked, taken aback by the flood of inquiries.
She took a deep breath and, with a calm patience that belied her surprise, replied, “No, he’s not my brother.
His name is Sanford.
My father sponsored him in the past…”
Before Stella could get another word out, she caught the flicker of tension in Matthew’s expression.
His face darkened, a clear sign he wasn’t eager to hear more about Sanford.
Not wanting to stir the waters any further, Stella smoothly shifted gears.
“So, where’s our room? We should head there now,” she suggested, her tone light but decisive.
Miley’s thoughts danced back to the subject she’d discussed with Stella earlier, and a mischievous grin spread across her face.
“Why the rush? Don’t forget about the hot springs.
”
With a sly grin, Miley pulled out a room card.
Catching the unspoken suggestion in Miley’s eyes, Stella shot her a playful glare.
Without missing a beat, she snatched the room card from Miley’s hand and, with a quick nod to Matthew, hurried off with him in tow.
The resort, tucked away in the mountains, boasted serene hot springs and an atmosphere steeped in tranquility.
The air was crisp, and the rooms were artistically designed, each detail reflecting a careful hand.
Yet, despite the idyllic surroundings, Matthew found no solace in the room’s beauty.
The mere sight of Sanford had sparked a fire of anger deep within him.
Sensing the storm brewing in Matthew’s mood, Stella’s mind raced, searching for a way to lift his spirits.
Before she could utter a word, Matthew, who was walking just ahead, abruptly turned and gently pulled her into his arms.
Without giving her time to react, he closed the door, pressed her softly against it, and ki*sed her deeply.
One hand rested on her waist while the other cradled the back of her head, tilting her face toward his.
His ki*s was fervent, as if he longed to draw her even closer, almost merging them into one.
Stella placed her hands on Matthew’s chest, breathing slowly, but her body grew softer, like a pool of water.
The quiet of the room heightened the intensity, turning their ki*s into something even more passionate and lingering.
Matthew only let go when Stella was nearly out of breath, planting two more soft ki*ses on her lips.
“I really can’t stand it when Sanford’s around you.
”
Perceiving the jealousy simmering in Matthew’s voice, Stella pressed herself against his chest, her tone tinged with resignation.
“I can’t avoid him, Matthew.
He was a student my father supported.
It’s not something I can change.
”
Matthew’s expression grew darker once more.
###chapter2116
Stella tilted her chin up, a playful smile dancing on her lips.
“But you know, I don’t have any feelings for him.
From the very beginning, it’s always been you,” she teased softly.
With that, she rose on her tiptoes and pressed a gentle ki*s to his Lips.
Pulling back slightly, she looked into his eyes and asked, “So, are you still angry?”
Matthew’s expression softened, his eyes betraying a flicker of desire.
He drew closer, his lips inching toward hers.
Sensing his intent, Stella swiftly placed her hand over his mouth, adopting a mock-serious tone.
“I need to meet Miley at the hot springs soon.
I’ve got to change into my swimsuit.
We can’t dawdle.
”
Matthew’s gaze clouded with a hint of frustration as he murmured, “I should have just hidden you away.
”
Stella laughed softly, her eyes sparkling with amusement.
“Are you serious?”
She rolled her eyes and gave Matthew a gentle shove.
Striding over to the wardrobe, she announced, “I’m going to change.
”
The wardrobe revealed a neatly arranged collection of swimsuits, both men’s and women’s.
As she browsed through the men’s trunks, Stella glanced back at Matthew.
“Are you planning to join us at the hot springs?”
Matthew’s eyes lingered on her with a teasing glint.
“Yes, but I could use a hand getting into my swimming trunks.
”
A rosy flush bloomed across Stella’s cheeks as she hastily flung a pair of swimming trunks at Matthew.
“Go on, change into these yourself!”
She then selected a modest swimsuit and slipped into the small dressing room.
The room was a snug little space, just enough for a small sofa and a full-length mirror.
Stella’s swimsuit was simple-a short skirt with a layer of shorts beneath, safeguarding against any unintended exposure, paired with a vest top that tied at the back.
She slipped into the skirt with ease, but as she attempted to tie the top, the laces proved tricky, their delicate knots eluding her as she twisted and turned, trying to catch a glimpse in the mirror.
After several fruitless attempts, frustration began to gnaw at her.
Finally, with no other choice, she clutched the laces behind her back to keep the top from slipping and called out, “Matthew, come in here and help me.
”
A chuckle echoed from the other side of the door, rich with amusement.
“Is that how you ask for help?” Matthew teased.
Though she couldn’t see him, she could almost feel the smirk tugging at his lips, his eyes sparkling with mischief.
Her heart beat faster as she hurriedly replied, “Stop messing around and just help me.
”
But Matthew remained silent, neither moving nor speaking, leaving her to stew in her flustered state.
Her hands were growing numb, and with no other option, she softened her voice, adding a touch of sweetness.
“Honey, please come in and help me, won’t you?”
No sooner had the words left her lips than the door swung open, and there he was.
###chapter2117
Though her back was to him, Stella felt a wave of self—consciousness wash over her.
Even after all their shared countless intimate moments, broad daylight brought a certain bashfulness she couldn’t shake.
“Hurry up,” she muttered, her voice laced with a mix of urgency and embarrassment.
“Tie it quickly and leave.
”
Matthew’s smile deepened as he placed his hands on her bare back, his touch sending a shock of cold through her warm skin, like ice meeting fire.
Goosebumps erupted in response, and she instinctively tried to pull away.
“Don’t move,” he commanded, his voice a low, gravelly rumble that sent a shiver down her spine.
Stella froze, caught between fight and flight.
“Your hands are freezing.
Don’t touch me with them.
”
But Matthew paid no heed to her protests.
His hands lingered on her back, moving in slow, deliberate strokes as if savoring the moment.
“You’ll warm up once you’re used to it,” he murmured, his tone suggesting more than just physical warmth.
Another shiver coursed through her, her heart pounding in her chest as she tried to focus.
“Just.
don’t forget to tie a bow, okay?”
Resisting the primal urge to tear away the flimsy garment, Matthew nodded, his voice tight with restraint.
“I’ll make it perfect.
”
Sensing the precarious edge they were teetering on, he quickly tied a neat bow with the laces, letting out a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
“ALL done,” he said softly, his voice barely above a whisper.
Stella turned to face him, her gaze falling on his suit, still perfectly in place.
She frowned, momentarily confused.
“Why haven’t you changed yet? I’m going out first.
You should get ready.
”
But before she could escape, Matthew’s hand shot out, catching her arm in a gentle but firm grip.
“I helped you,” he said, a sly grin playing at the corners of his mouth.
“Now it’s your turn.
”
Stella sighed, a hint of exasperation laced with affection.
“You’re just putting on swimming trunks.
How could you possibly need help with that?”
But Matthew was insistent, his eyes glinting with mischief.
“You never know.
I might.
”
Stella knew better than to argue.
When Matthew set his mind on something, resistance was futile.
Their stalemate could last forever if she didn’t give in, and if they came out too late, Miley might tease her again.
With a resigned sigh, she took off his coat, and then her fingers deftly worked through the buttons of his shirt one by one.
As the shirt was unbuttoned, revealing his chiseled torso, the sight took her breath away.
His abs were a masterpiece, each muscle perfectly defined, leading down to a V-Line that was nothing short of tantalizing.
For a moment, she could do nothing but stare, her mouth dry, captivated by the vision before her.
It was like standing before a statue of a Greek god, sculpted to perfection, and she couldn’t help but feel a rush of admiration-and something more.
The room was so silent that even the sound of Stella swallowing was audible to Matthew.
With a subtle smile, he removed his shirt, completely exposing his chest and abs.
He then teased her, “Stay focused.
You haven’t helped me take off my pants yet.
”
Stella glanced up at him upon hearing this.
Matthew maintained a serious expression.
###chapter2118
She then bent down to unbuckle his belt but hesitated before her fingers could touch it.
Lacking the boldness to proceed, she retracted her hand.
Instead, she wrapped her arms around his waist and whined playfully, “You helped me with my top, and I helped with your shirt.
We’re square.
I’m not doing more.
The rest is up to you.
”
Observing her bashful demeanor, Matthew swallowed hard.
He then grabbed his tie and playfully blindfolded her with it, murmuring, “Stop being so alluring.
Don’t use that tone or look at me that way, or we won’t make it to the hot spring.
”
Stella blushed deeply, realizing what he implied, and promptly clamped her mouth shut, daring not to make a move.
Matthew quickly slipped into his swimming trunks and removed the tie from her eyes.
Stella was met with the sight of his sculpted body, which left her speechless and wide-eyed.
Pleased with her reaction, Matthew teased, “What do you say we skip the hot spring?”
Stella was jolted back to the present by his suggestion.
Considering the possibility of a long and exhausted day, Stella feigned calmness and declared, “I’m heading there now!”
With that, she dashed out of the room in a hurry.
As Matthew watched her hurry away, a resigned smile graced his features, his gaze filled with warmth.
The resort was famous for its soothing hot springs.
Consequently, the bathing facilities were segregated by gender and further divided into varying levels of opulence.
Matthew, naturally, found himself in the most exclusive VIP section.
There, he and Neville relaxed against a stone at the edge of the hot spring pool, each nursing a glass of red wine.
Neville, swirling his wine, couldn’t resist probing, “That guy from earlier, a romantic rival perhaps?”
Matthew didn’t refute the suggestion, merely sharing, “His name is Sanford Quimby.
He’s the head designer at Sanz Group and was a student sponsored by Stella’s father.
”
His brow furrowed slightly as he instructed, “Keep tabs on him for me, and investigate a little deeper.
”
Neville pressed on.
“What specifically should I investigate into? Are you worried he’s up to something with Stella? If that’s the case, I have no way of knowing.
”
Matthew cast a cold glance at Neville and remarked, “He knows I’m Tobin.
Do you really think he’s as straightforward as he appears?”
Realizing the gravity of the situation, Neville’s light tone shifted to one of earnestness.
“Understood.
I’ll start the investigation right away.
”
Stella and Miley were relaxing in the hot spring pool reserved for women.
It had been a long time since their last meeting, and Miley had picked up quite a few updates about Stella through Neville.
Miley’s emotions flared upon learning about Joann’s aggressive behavior toward Stella.
Her eyes brimming with tears, she exclaimed, “I can’t believe Joann would go to such Lengths to kill someone! Thank goodness you managed to escape.
I can’t even imagine what could have happened if you hadn’t.
”
###chapter2119
With a reassuring smile, Stella responded, “Let’s not dwell on the past.
What’s done is done.
”
Miley nodded, absorbing Stella’s calm demeanor.
“You’re absolutely right.
Joann got what she deserved.
Now that you have Matthew and the Lowell family in your corner, nobody will dare touch you again.
”
Stella offered a genuine smile in return.
Changing the subject, Miley added, “I also heard the Crawford family business is falling apart.
It seems like nobody cares about Joann or her brother anymore.
”
Stella appeared unaffected by the news.
Her focus had not been on the Crawford family’s downfall.
She trusted Matthew to handle the situation.
After waking up, the Lowell family’s visit had occupied all her energy, leaving her with little capacity to worry about anything else.
She said without a hint of emotion, “The Lowell family has publicly announced the cancellation of Bennett’s engagement to Joann.
It’s all Joann’s doing.
She might have remained a rich lady if she hadn’t done all those things.
I have no pity for her.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Miley scoffed, her voice dripping with scorn, “No one should feel sorry for her.
She’s not just foolish.
She’s downright malicious.
Who in their right mind would associate with someone like that?”
A thought struck Miley, altering her demeanor.
“You know, Lindsay and Joann were close once.
Could Lindsay have been pulling the strings behind the scenes?”
Stella’s brow furrowed as she pondered the possibility.
Miley continued, “Think about it.
Joann might appear clueless, but Lindsay? She’s a whole different story.
”
Stella stayed quiet.
If there was something more to uncover, surely Joann wouldn’t have kept it buried.
With a hint of anxiety, Miley changed the subject.
“Speaking of Lindsay, has she been behaving herself lately? Has she done anything to hurt you?”
Stella shook her head, her voice clear and sincere.
“Lindsay’s gone back to her family.
”
Miley let out a relieved sigh before probing further, “When’s she coming back?”
“I really don’t know,” Stella responded, her tone closing off the topic.
She swiftly changed the subject.
“Enough about me, though.
What about you and Neville? When are you two tying the knot?”
At this, Miley sighed heavily, her expression turning grave.
“I’m not ready to get married yet.
”
Puzzled, Stella pressed on.
“What’s the matter? Is there someone in the Pierce family opposing your relationship?”
Struggling to articulate her feelings, Miley replied with a hint of disappointment, “Actually, dating isn’t bad.
It’s just about two people.
But marriage? It’s too complex and burdensome.
”
Hearing this, Stella realized something was off but understood Miley preferred not to go into details.
She reassured her, “It’s okay.
Don’t overthink it.
Let things happen as they will.
Marriage can be full of surprises.
For example, I didn’t know what my husband looked like when I registered my marriage, and now Matthew and I are enjoying a wonderful life together.
”
Miley smiled and replied, “Okay, I understand.
”
Observing Miley, Stella spoke gently.
“And remember, no matter what, I’ll always be here for you.
There’s no need to be scared.
”
Miley felt a surge of affection.
She embraced Stella, saying, “I know you’re the best to me.
”
They were ready to leave the hot spring pool.
###chapter2120
Miley asked, “Do you want to go to the auction later?”
Stella was reluctant to run into Sanford at the auction, so after a brief pause, she declined politely.
“No, I think I’m too tired.
The hot spring has made me sleepy.
I need to go back and rest.
”
But Miley gave Stella a playful look and said, “Or maybe you just want to spend time with Matthew, right?”
Stella rolled her eyes at Miley but chose not to reply.
At the Wheeler family home, Lindsay discovered that her mother, Betsey Wheeler, wasn’t really ill.
Betsey had faked the illness to get Lindsay home.
Betsey’s motive for deceiving Lindsay was to force her into marrying an elderly man in his fifties.
Finding the situation absurd, Lindsay quickly packed her bags after receiving a call from Fernando, who told her that Matthew was traveling to Sothrea with her.
She was determined to escape the place and distance herself from the Wheeler family.
Seeing Lindsay’s will, Betsey worried the marriage plan might collapse, so she removed all the clothes Lindsay had packed from her suitcase.
Struggling to contain her anger, Lindsay asked, “What do you want from me?”
Betsey replied sternly, “You can’t leave.
”
Upon hearing this, Lindsay sneered, “Am I even considered part of this family? When you faked your illness and tried to push me into marriage with an old man, did you see me as your daughter?”
Confronted with Lindsay’s accusation, Betsey knew she had no real defense, so she replied sarcastically, “Isn’t it clear I’m planning for your future?”
Lindsay laughed bitterly.
“My future? You want to exchange my marriage for benefits.
How much did he offer you?”
Betsey sneered and mocked her, “You’ve spent so much time with the Clarks and gained nothing.
Matthew is married, and if he has a child in the future, you’ll be nothing more than an outsider.
You’re such a loser.
”
At that moment, Lindsay understood there was no use in arguing with Betsey.
Her family treated her only as a means to an end, not as a daughter or a loved one.
Lindsay decided not to waste more words.
She gathered her clothes and began repacking them into her suitcase.
But Betsey pushed the suitcase over.
Her tone softened as she looked at Lindsay.
“Look at yourself.
What are you doing? You are my daughter.
Would I really harm you?”
She took Lindsay’s hand and pleaded, “Marrying him is for the best.
He may be older, but he will love you.
Plus, you won’t have the pressure to have children right away.
I wasn’t treated well by the Wheelers until I had your brother.
”
Lindsay’s suppressed anger burst along.
She shrugged off Betsey’s hand and said coldly, “I grew up in the Clark family home.
You didn’t raise me as a child.
Now that I’m grown, you only call me when you need something from me.
”
Slap!
Before Lindsay could say more, Betsey slapped her across the face.
Pointing at Lindsay, Betsey scolded, “Do you think you’re better than everyone else after staying with the Clark family and studying abroad? You think you don’t even need to acknowledge your own mother anymore?”
###chapter2121
Lindsay gave a bitter smile and asked, “Mother? Isn’t that term a bit ironic coming from you?”
Betsey looked momentarily unsettled but quickly composed herself and said, “I tried to get you to come back before, but Lucia was against it.
This time, I just used an excuse, and she agreed right away.
Doesn’t that show you the Clark family’s true feelings?”
Lindsay fell silent.
She was well aware of the Clark family’s attitude.
Ever since Stella became part of their lives, Lindsay’s standing with the Clarks and in Matthew’s eyes had changed.
Betsey glanced at Lindsay and sneered, “Lucia has her grandson and a daughter-in-law now.
Who do you think you are to them? Now, you’re just a nuisance.
Do you really think you fit in there?”
Lindsay clenched her jaw and said nothing, her eyes burning with resentment.
Pleased by Lindsay’s reaction, Betsey looked her up and down and said, “You’re insignificant to the Clark family now.
Since you’re young and attractive, you’d better find a husband soon.
”
Changing the subject, Betsey continued, “The man I’ve chosen for you may not be as wealthy as Matthew, but he’s a good match.
If you weren’t still young and appealing, you wouldn’t even deserve his attention.
In a few years, you won’t find a man as wealthy as him.
Just accept my decision and marry him.
”
Lindsay raised her head, staring at Betsey coldly, and said firmly, “I won’t marry the old man.
”
Betsey’s face twisted with anger, and she scolded, “After all I’ve explained, how can you still not understand your situation? Do you really think you have a chance with Matthew?”
Lindsay was silent again.
Betsey no longer wanted to talk to Lindsay.
She commanded, “You have to get married, or you won’t be leaving this room.
If necessary, I’ll tie you up and send you to the church directly.
”
Suddenly, Lindsay burst into laughter.
Taken aback, Betsey furrowed her brow and asked, “What’s so funny?”
Lindsay replied deliberately, “Why won’t I have a chance with Matthew? Do you know why I’m so eager to return? Because Matthew invited me to go to Sothrea with him, an opportunity even Stella didn’t get.
”
“Really?” Betsey asked, uncertain.
Lindsay pulled up her chat with Fernando and said, “His assistant sent me a message just now.
If you don’t believe me, look at the message yourself.
”
Betsey took the phone with doubt.
After reading the message, she asked uncertainly, “Why would his assistant message you instead of him?”
With a mocking smile, Lindsay explained, “Given Matthew’s position, do you think he’d leave any trace that could be held against him?”
Betsey paused to think for a few seconds.
Eventually, not wanting to upset the Clark family, she agreed and said, “Fine, I’ll let you go this time.
But you either pay me thirty million dollars or marry the man I’ve chosen.
There’s no room for negotiation.
”
With that, she tossed the phone back to Lindsay, turned, and walked away.
Lindsay clenched her teeth, a sneer forming on her lips.
She wasn’t ready to give in just yet.
###chapter2122
After a moment’s thought, she took out her phone, located a familiar number, and composed a quick message.
“I’m heading to Sothrea with Matthew.
Help me win his heart.
”
Three days later, Matthew, Fernando, and Lindsay embarked on their trip to Sothrea.
In the VIP lounge at the airport, Matthew sat back on a_ sofa, texting Stella about his schedule.
A few feet away, Fernando buried himself in a pile of papers, his face tightened in deep focus.
Lindsay perched on the edge of the sofa, her fingers tapping rapidly on her phone screen.
Every now and then, her eyes flitted over to Matthew, a mix of anticipation and nervousness crossing her face.
She studied the lines of his face and the sharpness of his jaw, determination flashing through her eyes.
With a quick breath, she typed out a message and glanced over it once more.
“Do you really think everything will work out this time?”
Her pulse quickened as she hit send, imagining a future that might, somehow, bring her closer to Matthew.
But then.
.
there was no response.
Seconds ticked by, stretching painfully into minutes.
The wait gnawed at her nerves, and just as she moved to type again, her phone buzzed.
One word came, “Yes.
”
It was short and clipped, but oddly reassuring.
She let out a breath she didn’t realize she was holding.
Her gaze settled on the phone number.
A thought lingered at the back of her mind.
Who was this mysterious person?
Whoever they were, they had once managed to contact the mercenaries Joann had hired and managed to escape untouched after everything fell apart.
Clearly, they had power and plenty of it.
Lindsay had no idea who they really were, but for now, that was beside the point.
If they could help her out of this situation, they were worth trusting, at least for now.
A staff member, dressed crisply in uniform, entered the VIP room with a friendly smile and announced, “It’s time to board, everyone.
”
Matthew sent one last message, telling Stella he was ready to board.
Lindsay slipped her phone into her bag, a hopeful smile spreading across her face.
She could already picture it; when she returned to Seamarsh, everything would be different, better, brighter.
On the second day of Matthew’s business trip, Stella returned to Lucia’s home for dinner.
Lucia greeted her at the door with a smile that reached her eyes, pulling Stella into a warm embrace.
“I just knew you’d come today.
So I asked the chef to make all your favorites.
”
Stella felt a swell of gratitude and replied with a smile, “Thank you.
That’s so thoughtful of you.
”
###chapter2123
At the dining table, Lucia placed a generous helping of food onto Stella’s plate and asked, “So, how long is Matthew going to be away this time?”
Stella answered with honesty, “He was planning to be back in three days, but things got a bit complicated.
He’s aiming to return by the weekend.
”
Lucia nodded.
“If you’d rather not stay alone, you know you’re welcome to stay here for a few days,” she said, her voice warm and inviting.
Stella shook her head with a gentle smile.
“Thanks, but Matthew checks in every day, and I’ve got my hands full with setting up the new brand.
It’s just easier to stay in Prosper Bay for now.
”
Lucia sighed, her concern evident.
“Just promise me you’ll drop by for meals more often, okay? I worry you might get so busy that you forget to take care of yourself.
”
A pleasant warmth filled Stella’s heart, and she gave a soft smile.
‘s BunnyBookery
“Don’t worry,” she said.
“I’ll come by whenever I can.
”
Her words were still hanging in the air when her phone buzzed on the table.
Lucia’s eyes flickered with curiosity.
“Is that Matthew?” she asked, her voice eager.
Stella also thought it was Matthew.
She grabbed her phone, only to see Miley’s name flashing on the screen.
Her brow furrowed, confusion washing over her.
Why would Miley be calling at this time?
She turned to Lucia with a calm smile.
“No, it’s a friend of mine,” she explained.
“Go ahead and enjoy your dinner.
I’ll just step outside to take this.
”
Stella stood up, walking to a quieter spot away from the table.
“Miley, what’s going on?” she asked, confused.
Miley’s voice came through the phone, tight and shaky with fear.
“Stella, it’s about Matthew.
Something might have happened to him.
”
Stella’s smile faltered, freezing in place as a high-pitched ringing filled her ears.
It was as if the world around her had gone completely silent as she fell into a disorienting trance.
Her body stiffened, rigid as a brittle branch in winter.
For what felt like an eternity, she struggled to find her voice.
“What… what did you say?” she managed to ask in a voice barely above a whisper.
“Who’s in trouble?”
Miley could almost feel the shock and dread coursing through Stella’s veins at that moment.
She inhaled deeply before speaking, her voice gentle but deliberate.
“Stella, stay calm and listen to me.
I just had dinner with Neville, and we saw a news report about a shooting incident in Sothrea, near the Kensea Investment Building.
”
The blood drained from Stella’s face, her hand gripping the phone trembling uncontrollably.
Trying hard to conceal the anxiety in her voice, Miley continued, “Neville tried to reach Matthew as soon as he saw the news, but… there was no response.
The report said three people were killed at the scene.
”
Try as she might, the panic still seeped into her tone.
Stella’s mind went completely blank.
How could this be happening?
###chapter2124
Matthew had promised he would return to her, that they would be together soon.
“Stella? Stella, are you there?” Miley’s voice, thick with worry, finally broke through the haze.
Stella blinked, forcing herself to focus.
“I’m here,” she answered, her voice shaky.
Desperation clawed at her as she was about to call for a servant to turn on the TV, her thoughts racing to check the latest news.
But before she could speak, a voice rang out behind her.
“Stella, what’s going on? What’s taking you so long?” Lucia approached, clearly puzzled by Stella’s delay.
For a moment, Stella was lost, her mind a whirlwind of fear and confusion.
But the sight of Lucia brought her back to reality.
She couldn’t let Lucia worry-especially not when she didn’t know all the details.
Taking a deep breath, Stella forced the panic down, willing herself to stay composed.
She shook her head slightly at Lucia, offering a tight smile to reassure her.
Then, she spoke into the phone with newfound resolve.
“I’m at Lucia’s house right now.
I’ll reach out to Fernando and see what he knows.
We’ll keep in touch, Miley.
I’ll call you later.
”
“Okay.
”
As Stella ended the call, the thought of food made her stomach turn.
She glanced at Lucia with an apologetic expression.
“Lucia, I’m so sorry, but there’s an emergency at the studio.
I have to leave right away.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Lucia’s eyes widened in concern.
“What happened? Why are you in such a rush?”
Not wanting to give herself away, Stella waved it off with a forced casual smile.
“The partners are just eager to finalize some design drafts.
No need to fret,” she said, her tone light, though a storm brewed beneath her calm exterior.
Relieved, Lucia exhaled softly.
“I’ll have the driver take you home,” she offered.
But Stella shook her head firmly.
“No need.
I can drive myself.
”
With that, she hurried out and rushed to her car, eager to check for news updates online.
The tragedy in Sothrea had already gripped the world, dominating headlines on every major news platform.
The situation was exactly as Miley had described, except now the death toll had risen-by one.
Stella’s eyes blurred as she scrolled through the grim details, her hand trembling against the cold, unfeeling glass of the screen.
She couldn’t afford to lose control now.
With a surge of determination, she dialed Fernando’s number.
No answer.
Panic clawed at her heart, and it was all she could do to keep telling herself that there was still hope, that Matthew was safe-he had to be.
But each unanswered call frayed her nerves further.
She dialed Lindsay, only to be met with the same, soul-crushing silence.
###chapter2125
By now, “desperate” didn’t even begin to describe how she felt.
By the time she reached Prosper Bay, her heart was pounding with a mix of dread and anxiety.
As she stepped out of the car, she saw Miley waiting for her at the gate.
Tears welled up in her eyes, blurring her vision.
In that moment, she let the walls she had carefully constructed around herself crumble.
Miley rushed forward, wrapping her arms around her friend in a tight, comforting embrace.
“Any news?” Miley asked, her voice gentle, as if afraid to shatter the fragile hope Stella clung to.
Stella shook her head, her eyes red and swollen, unable to form the words that stuck in her throat.
Miley, feeling her friend’s pain as if it were her own, gently patted her back.
“It’s going to be okay.
Neville has sent some people in Sothrea to investigate, and he’s gone there himself.
We’ll hear something soon, I promise.
”
Stella nodded weakly, her body moving on autopilot as Miley led her inside the villa.
Neither could sleep; they sat in the dimly lit living room, the hours ticking by in agonizing silence.
Every time the phone buzzed, they jumped, but it was never the news they needed.
By the early morning hours, the report had been updated again—the death toll had risen by one more, and the deceased was a man from their country, Zeklecand.
The image of the dead flashed across the news channel, the face indistinct beneath a blurred overlay, yet Stella’s eyes locked onto the familiar JA watch clasped around the man’s wrist.
Her heart sank; it was unmistakably Matthew’s-the same watch she had packed into his suitcase before he left for his business trip.
Stella’s complexion drained of color, her body rigid with tension.
Miley, noticing the sudden change, grasped Stella’s hand with a reassuring squeeze.
“Don’t leap to conclusions, Stella.
All we know is that the man was from our country.
That’s it.
Try to stay calm.
”
She had never seen Stella so devoid of hope, as if her soul had been siphoned away, leaving behind a mere shell.
Miley reached for the remote, intending to shut off the TV and end this torment.
Breaking free from Miley’s gentle hold, Stella stood abruptly, her voice laced with determination.
“I’m going to Sothrea.
”
“No, you can’t,” Miley responded instantly, her concern palpable.
“Calm down.
It was a terrorist attack.
The police haven’t even uncovered the motive.
Terrorists could be roaming the streets at any moment.
It’s too risky to go now-you could be walking into danger.
”
“I must go,” Stella insisted, her resolve unyielding.
Miley pleaded with her, saying, “What if something happens to you? How could I ever explain that to your mother or the Clark family?”
Tears streamed down Stella’s cheeks as the weight of her fears pressed down on her.
Since the moment she’d considered that Matthew might be involved, a suffocating pressure had gripped her, making each breath a struggle.
Unable to contain her own emotions, Miley cried alongside.
“Please, calm down.
Matthew never travels without his bodyguards.
Plus, he has connections in Sothrea, and Fernando is with him, too.
I’m certain he’s safe.
Let’s just wait for him here, okay?”
###chapter2126
“Really? Will Matthew really be okay?” Stella’s voice broke through her tears, hoarse and tinged with a fragile thread of hope.
Miley’s heart ached at the sound; she too was frightened, too choked up to offer any assurance.
Just then, Stella’s phone erupted into a shrill ring.
With trembling hands, she retrieved it from her bag.
Her face briefly lit up with hope, but upon seeing Bennett’s name, her expression fell once again.
She answered the call, her face a mask of strained neutrality.
Bennett’s voice, tinged with uncertainty, came through.
“Have you heard from Matthew? Is he safe?”
“I don’t know,” Stella sobbed, the weight of her uncertainty crushing.
Bennett’s tone shifted to urgency.
“Sanford knows someone in Sothrea.
I’ve asked him to help us find out more.
Don’t lose hope yet.
”
Stella, barely processing his words, wasn’t in the mood to engage further.
As she prepared to end the call, another call came in.
Seeing Fernando’s name flash on the screen, she swiftly ended the call with Bennett and switched Lines.
Holding her breath, she whispered, “Fernando?”
“It’s me.
” Fernando’s voice was heavy with guilt.
A chill ran down Stella’s spine.
Clutching her phone tightly, she asked with a lump in her throat, “Where is Matthew?”
A brief, agonizing silence followed.
Finally, Fernando spoke, his voice laden with regret.
“I’m sorry… I wasn’t with Mr.
Clark when the accident happened.
”
Hearing this, Stella was shocked.
She couldn’t believe it and questioned, “What do you mean? You weren’t with him? Where is he, then? How is he doing?”
Faced with Stella’s barrage of questions, Fernando could only repeatedly apologize.
He explained, “I had left earlier to get the car.
When I heard the gunshot and hurried back, everything was chaotic.
Mr.
Clark and Lindsay were both gone.
I searched for a long time but couldn’t find them.
Mrs.
Clark, I’m truly sorry.
I failed to protect Mr.
Clark.
”
Stella felt as if she had been plunged into freezing water.
She was at a loss about what to do or who to blame.
She recognized it was her own fault.
She should have traveled to Sothrea with Matthew.
Then, even if Matthew faced danger, she would be by his side.
Now, they were miles apart, and she had no idea whether he was alive or dead.
Fernando continued, “Mrs.
Clark, please don’t worry.
I’ve contacted Neville’s team.
We will find Mr.
Clark.
”
Stella could hardly process anything anymore.
Her mind was spinning, and she felt utterly drained.
###chapter2127
She stumbled backward a few steps.
Luckily, Miley was observant and caught her before she could fall.
Stella steadied herself.
She knew she couldn’t afford to break down now, so she gathered her composure and instructed Fernando, “Go and confirm the identity of the man from Zeklecand who died.
Then check the list of casualties.
”
Fernando responded immediately, “Okay.
Is there anything else I can do for you? If not, I’ll get off the line.
”
He had many tasks to handle.
After speaking with Fernando, Stella felt even more resolved.
She clenched her teeth and said firmly, “Prepare a private plane for me.
I’m going to Sothrea.
”
Upon hearing this, Fernando hesitated briefly.
“Mrs.
Clark… It’s very risky here.
It isn’t safe for you to come.
Moreover, with Mr.
Clark missing, if something were to happen to you, I couldn’t face him.
”
Stella was adamant.
She retorted, “Do you think I can just sit at home and wait, given what’s happened?”
“But…” Fernando still wavered.
Stella yelled, “If you won’t help me, I’ll buy a ticket myself.
I am going to Sothrea, whether you assist me or not.
”
Fernando was surprised by Stella’s resolve.
After considering everything, he eventually consented.
He said, “I’m on it.
”
Once she hung up the phone, Stella took several deep breaths to steady herself.
She couldn’t afford to break down.
As long as there was no confirmation of Matthew’s death, she had to believe he was alive.
Miley was deeply concerned when she observed Stella in this state.
Her worry deepened upon learning that Stella had instructed Fernando to arrange a plane.
She attempted to make Stella reconsider, saying, “Stella, think about this.
Are you really set on going to Sothrea?”
“Yes,” Stella responded decisively.
She returned to her room, gathered a few sets of clothes, and packed them into a suitcase, ready to leave at any time.
Miley felt conflicted but, as Stella’s best friend, prioritized Stella’s safety above all.
Miley asked once more, “Stella, do you have to go?”
Understanding Miley’s concern, Stella composed herself, looked at Miley, and said earnestly, “I know you care about me.
But staying here would only scare me more.
I need to go.
”
Miley realized she couldn’t sway Stella’s decision.
She held Stella’s hand and said deliberately, “If you’re determined, I’ll accompany you.
”
Stella was momentarily taken aback but quickly regained her composure.
###chapter2128
The two exchanged smiles, sharing a silent understanding built over the years.
No words were necessary.
At that moment, they were each other’s strongest supporters.
While they were packing, Stella received a text from Fernando.
“We’ve confirmed that the man from Zeklecand who died wasn’t Mr.
Clark, and he’s not listed among the casualties.
”
Upon reading this, Stella breathed a sigh of relief.
She then began to pack her belongings with greater urgency.
The following morning, Stella and Miley touched down in Sothrea, the tension in the air palpable even before they stepped off the plane.
The grim reality hit them hard the moment they arrived at the scene; the situation turned out to be far more severe than the reports had suggested.
The city was reeling from a brutal terrorist attack, with the death toll climbing by the hour and countless missing people still unaccounted for.
Miley had informed Neville of their plans to come.
Despite his protests, Stella and Miley were as determined as they were stubborn, and Neville knew better than to argue.
Reluctantly, he arranged for a hotel and set out to meet them at the airport.
As they drove to the hotel, the eerie emptiness of the streets sent a chill down Stella’s spine.
The once-bustling avenues were now deserted, the usual hum of city life replaced by a tense, oppressive silence.
‘s BunnyBookery
The people’s fear was palpable, hanging thick in the air like a fog.
In the quiet of the hotel room, Stella’s anxiety gnawed at her insides.
Finally, she couldn’t wait any longer and cut straight to the chase.
“How’s the investigation going?” she asked, her voice tight with worry.
“Is there any news about Matthew?”
Neville, normally so composed, looked deeply troubled.
His brow furrowed as he answered, “Not yet.
The list of casualties has been released, but Matthew and Lindsay aren’t on it.
We still don’t know who’s missing, though.
”
Despite the uncertainty, a small wave of relief washed over Stella.
In this nightmare, no news might just be good news.
But her mind wouldn’t rest.
“What about motive? Who are these people targeting exactly?”
Neville’s expression darkened further.
He shook his head slowly.
“We don’t know.
We don’t even know what they want-whether it’s someone specific they’re after, or if it’s just about money.
”
Stella and Miley exchanged troubled glances.
The situation was even more complex and terrifying than they had imagined.
A heavy sense of helplessness settled over Stella like a leaden blanket.
She sank into the sofa, her heart heavy with dread.
The future looked so grim that she felt as if she were teetering on the edge of an abyss.
###chapter2129
Neville’s voice broke through her spiraling thoughts.
“Try not to worry too much,” he urged gently.
“At least we know Matthew is still out there, somewhere.
That’s something.
ALL we can do now is wait for them to contact us.
”
Stella nodded, though the gesture felt hollow.
Waiting was the last thing she wanted to do, but it was also the only thing she could do.
Three days dragged by like a never-ending nightmare.
Stella’s phone remained hauntingly silent, each passing hour a reminder of the absence of news about Matthew.
Even the authorities seemed to be sweeping the situation under the rug, desperate to maintain the fragile facade of social stability.
These three days had been nothing short of torment for Stella.
She barely ate, her appetite was non-existent, and sleep was a Luxury her racing mind refused to grant her.
Dark circles etched themselves beneath her eyes, and her once-vibrant appearance had faded into a shadow of its former self.
As always, Fernando delivered his daily report on the search for Matthew, and as always, the outcome was the same-there was still no sign of Matthew.
Stella’s heart, once ablaze with anxiety, had now turned cold and numb.
Fernando’s concern deepened as he observed Stella’s deteriorating state.
He finally spoke up, his tone gentle but firm.
“Mrs.
Clark, why don’t you go back home? The waiting game… it’s taking its toll on you.
”
Stella’s eyes, dull and lifeless, suddenly became firm with determination.
“I’ll stay here until I find Matthew.
”
Worry furrowed Fernando’s brow.
“But Mrs.
Clark, with both you and Mr.
Clark gone from Seamarsh, his grandparents are bound to notice.
Considering their old age, your presence could ease their worries.
There’s nothing more we can do here at the moment.
Let us handle things while you return.
”
But again, Stella refused.
She rose slowly, her body heavy with exhaustion, and moved to the window.
The street outside was barren, mirroring the emptiness she felt inside.
In a voice barely above a whisper, she murmured, “I can’t leave… I need to wait for him… I have to wait for him…”
But before she could finish, the world around her spun, and in an instant, everything went black as she collapsed to the floor.
Meanwhile, in a quiet corner of a private hospital, Lindsay slowly awoke.
Her eyes fluttered open, greeted by the sterile white ceiling above.
The faint smell of disinfectant lingered in the air, and the unfamiliar surroundings made her feel disoriented.
For a moment, everything seemed distant, like a fading dream.
Instinctively, she tried to move, but a sharp, searing pain shot through her leg, pulling her back to reality.
A soft, pained gasp escaped her Lips as she winced.
A nurse, busy with her duties, heard the sound and quickly turned around.
Seeing Lindsay awake, the nurse approached her bedside and spoke with a kind but concerned voice.
“Ma’am, you’re in the hospital.
You’ve broken your leg, so please try not to move.
”
Lindsay blinked, the nurse’s words sinking in slowly.
“H-hospital?” she stammered in disbelief.
“My leg is broken?”
The nurse nodded and sighed heavily.
“Yes, you’re lucky it’s just a broken leg, but… your boyfriend’s in worse shape.
He’s in the next room, still unconscious.
”
Boyfriend?
Lindsay was caught off guard for a moment.
Then, her mind slowly started to sharpen.
She quickly realized that the boyfriend the nurse was referring to could be Matthew.
After all, she had been with him just before the accident.
###chapter2130
With effort, Lindsay tried to prop herself up, her voice laced with concern.
“I need to see him.
”
“Ma’am, you need to stay in bed,” the nurse insisted, her brow furrowed in concern.
Lindsay looked at her with desperate eyes.
“Could you please bring me a wheelchair? I need to see him for myself.
I won’t stop worrying until I do.
Please.
”
The nurse, realizing she couldn’t sway her, let out a resigned sigh.
“Alright.
Just wait here.
”
“Thank you,” Lindsay responded, her tone grateful.
Shortly after, the nurse returned with a wheelchair and assisted Lindsay into it.
Without troubling the nurse, Lindsay wheeled the chair to the next ward herself.
‘s BunnyBookery
True to the nurse’s words, Matthew lay there in a coma, his usually vibrant face deathly pale.
Sitting by the bed, Lindsay gazed unblinkingly at him.
It was only in such moments that she could face him openly and without reservation.
Her hand moved slowly, reaching out to caress Matthew’s pallid cheek as she drifted into her memories.
The evening before the accident, a cryptic message had arrived from that mysterious man.
He had warned of imminent action and urged her to brace herself.
However, she hadn’t anticipated that his action would involve gunfire.
In the ensuing chaos, her initial instinct was to shield herself, and then seize any chance to rescue Matthew.
But it quickly became apparent that the group of people were targeting Matthew.
She quickly realized that the shooting incident had been orchestrated by that mysterious man.
Matthew was vulnerable, unprotected, and Fernando was nowhere in sight.
That was when a stray bullet struck Matthew.
Concealed in the shadows, Lindsay searched for the right moment to intervene.
Seeing their guns pointed at Matthew’s head, she immediately dashed out, ran to him, and wrapped her arms around him…
Her reverie was shattered by a sudden cough.
Frozen, she turned toward the sound.
She suddenly realized that Matthew was awake.
Excitement mingled with a twinge of nervousness.
She doubted whether her weak attempt at deception had fooled Matthew at all.
###chapter2131
She swallowed hard, unsure of what to say next, her hands gripping the wheelchair’s armrests tightly.
Matthew’s piercing gaze, filled with wariness and defense, scanned the room before settling on her.
“Where are we?”
He gazed at Lindsay, his face etched with a frown and pain.
Overwhelmed by nervousness, Lindsay avoided his probing eyes.
Talking softly, she admitted, “You’re hurt.
We’re at the hospital.
”
Matthew struggled to raise his hand, touching his swollen temple, his frown deepening.
He opened his mouth as if to talk, but before the words could escape, he passed out once more.
Panic surged through Lindsay.
In a rush of fear, she pressed the internal call button and cried out, “Doctor! Doctor! He’s passed out again!”
Before she knew it, Stella had spent half a month in Sothrea.
During that time, she was constantly restless and found it hard to sleep at night.
Her grief and stress had even caused her to faint several times.
She was aware that Fernando and Neville were tirelessly searching for Matthew.
She forced herself to hide her despair, worried it might distract them and hinder their efforts.
Meanwhile, back home, Waldo noticed something was amiss.
Matthew had been gone for quite some time, and Stella was also missing.
News of the gunshot incident in Sothrea had gone global.
Considering Matthew was in Sothrea on business, Waldo naturally became concerned.
Before Waldo could reach out to Matthew, rumors started swirling within Prosperity Group due to his prolonged absence.
Waldo caught wind of these rumors.
Some at the company secretly speculated that something grave had happened to Matthew, perhaps preventing his return.
Disturbed and frustrated by the gossip, Waldo dismissed those spreading rumors and then worked to reassure the board of directors.
Eventually, he stabilized the situation at the company.
After handling the corporate issues, Waldo tried calling Matthew but couldn’t reach him.
Having lived a long and eventful life, Waldo was concerned but chose to remain composed until he had concrete information.
So, he called Stella.
When Stella saw Waldo’s name flashing on her phone screen, she felt nervous.
She gathered herself and answered the phone with a feigned ease, smiling.
“Waldo? What brings you to call?”
Waldo’s voice was stern.
He asked gravely, “How long do you plan to keep this from me? What happened to Matthew?”
Stella’s heart raced.
It seemed she could no longer keep the truth from Waldo.
###chapter2132
She inhaled deeply and confessed.
Waldo was so upset that he blurted out, “Why didn’t you tell me sooner after such a major incident? Why did you go there by yourself? What if something happened to you?”
Although Waldo’s tone was harsh, his concern for Stella was evident in his words.
Stella could sense his care.
Struggling to hold back her tears, she said, “Waldo, don’t worry.
I’m okay.
I believe Matthew is too.
We’ll both return safely.
”
Waldo sighed deeply and asked, “Have you found out who was responsible?”
Stella replied honestly, “No.
The authorities are calling it an act of terrorism.
They say there was no specific target and those killed were just bystanders.
”
“As long as no one is deliberately targeting Matthew, let’s hope his luck holds.
Now that he’s missing, you must ensure you’re safe, okay?”
Waldo emphasized this with sincerity.
Stella reassured Waldo repeatedly, trying to ease his worries.
After ending the call, Stella’s energy drained away.
She slumped against the sofa and wept quietly.
The following day, she got a call from Doreen.
There was an issue with an order at the studio, and neither Doreen nor anyone else felt confident handling it without Stella.
Additionally, Doreen informed her that Lucia had collapsed upon learning about Matthew.
With no other options, Stella decided she had to return to Seamarsh.
As soon as Stella landed in Seamarsh, Doreen was there to meet her.
While reports on what happened to Matthew in Sothrea were sparse, rumors had already surfaced suggesting Matthew might be dead.
Doreen was clearly worried, particularly noting Stella’s weary appearance.
She knew the situation was grave.
She asked with concern, “Stella, are you alright?”
Stella glanced at the document and replied calmly, “I’m fine.
”
Noticing a stark change in Stella’s demeanor, Doreen hesitated to press further.
Stella quickly shifted her focus and inquired about the order.
After understanding the situation, she instructed, “Contact the fabric suppliers.
Find out where they stand.
”
“Okay, Stella.
” Doreen then asked, “Are we heading back to the studio now?”
Stella, looking visibly tired, responded, “Take me to the hospital.
”
Half an hour later, they arrived at the hospital ward.
###chapter2133
Lucia was still unconscious.
Only Waldo and a maid, who was attending to Lucia, were in the room.
Upon seeing Stella, Waldo asked the maid to leave.
He asked quietly, “What’s the situation over there? Have you heard anything about Matthew?”
At the mention of Matthew’s name, Stella felt a pang of pain.
She stifled it and shook her head.
“Not yet.
”
Waldo let out a sigh.
Stella gazed at Lucia lying in the bed, stepped closer, and asked with concern, “How is Lucia? Did she faint because she heard about what happened to Matthew?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Waldo nodded and explained, “You could say that.
I kept it from her after I found out about what happened to Matthew.
But when the Wheeler family stirred up trouble, she found out and collapsed from the shock.
”
He looked at Lucia’s pale face, his expression a mix of sorrow and guilt.
Stella was puzzled and furrowed her brow.
She asked, “The Wheeler family? What did they want?”
With a deep sigh, Waldo responded resignedly, “They found out Lindsay is missing.
They demanded an explanation from us.
”
His frustration was evident.
He sharply added, “I know what they’re after.
They just want money.
They don’t care about Lindsay at all.
”
As he recalled the Wheeler family’s attitude that day, Waldo’s anger made him cough.
Stella gently patted his back to soothe him.
“Don’t worry about those minor issues.
If they cause any more trouble, I’ll take care of it.
”
Upon hearing her words, he looked at Stella and replied with a distressed tone, “Sorry, Stella.
I know there’s a lot on your plate managing everything.
”
Stella smiled softly and replied gently, “It’s my duty.
As Matthew’s wife, I must shoulder his responsibilities in his absence.
”
Waldo sighed and expressed his admiration, saying, “We were right about you.
Matthew is truly fortunate to have married you.
”
Just then, Lucia, who had been unconscious, suddenly woke up.
Stella immediately addressed her, saying, “Lucia.
”
As soon as Lucia saw her, tears welled up in her eyes.
She clasped Stella’s hand eagerly and said, “Tell me the truth.
Has something happened to Matthew?”
Stella had been feeling down for several days, and now she was nearly overwhelmed, yet she tried not to show her distress to Lucia, who had just woken up.
Holding back her tears, Stella reassured her, “Lucia, what are you talking about? Matthew is fine.
”
“Really?” Lucia’s eyes filled with tears.
Clearly, she was skeptical.
Stella responded calmly, “Absolutely.
Remember our dinner conversation recently? Matthew’s dealing with some complicated business in Sothrea.
He hasn’t returned because he’s just swamped.
Don’t let baseless rumors bother you.
”
Lucia seemed unconvinced.
After a moment, she responded stubbornly, “No way.
I need to call Matthew.
I’ll only relax when I hear his voice.
”
As she spoke, she struggled to get up.
###chapter2134
Seeing this, Stella quickly pressed her back against the bed.
She tried to reassure Lucia, but as soon as she opened her mouth, the bitterness left her unable to say anything.
How could she convince Lucia if she couldn’t even convince herself?
Just then, Waldo intervened.
He advised Lucia, “Don’t let the Wheeler family’s nonsense upset you.
Consider the time difference; it’s the early morning in Sothrea.
If you really want to call him, wait until tomorrow.
”
Stella quickly regained her composure and said, “Waldo’s right.
Plus, you’ve just woken up.
Rest today, and we’ll call Matthew tomorrow, okay?”
Despite the united front from Stella and Waldo, Lucia felt unsettled and grew more alert.
Though aged, she was far from foolish.
She cried softly.
“Lucia…” Stella’s voice broke as she nearly let her own tears flow.
Waldo shook his head at Stella, signaling her to stop trying.
He had been married to Lucia for decades, so he could tell.
Lucia had known too.
The only problem was that she didn’t want to accept this.
After a while, Lucia stopped crying.
She looked at Waldo and Stella angrily and asked, “Was it Benny?”
Before Stella could respond, Lucia said, “It had to be him! This bastard is full of tricks!”
Stella quickly tried to clarify through her tears.
“No, we’ve checked… It was just a random terrorist attack.
”
Upon hearing this, Lucia broke down in tears once again.
Stella spent a long time comforting Lucia until she fell asleep again.
The hospital room fell silent.
Waldo said softly, “You’ve just come back.
You must be exhausted.
Go home and rest.
I’ll stay with her in the hospital.
”
Stella shook her head and insisted, “No, I’ll stay.
”
She alone knew that she wouldn’t be able to sleep if she went home.
Being alone at home would just make her sadder.
It seemed better to stay with Lucia for both their sakes.
Waldo persisted.
He said in a deep voice, “Look at the dark circles under your eyes.
When was the last time you really rested? If you fall ill, Lucia will hold me responsible when she finds out.
Plus, I’m too old to look after both of you.
”
Although Stella hesitated to return, she went back to put him at ease.
The next day, Stella brought breakfast and returned to the hospital to see Lucia.
###chapter2135
But just as she stepped out of the elevator, she overheard an argument.
Stella approached and heard a female voice speaking with a biting sarcasm.
“I don’t care.
My daughter went with Matthew to Sothrea, which is far away.
Now that she’s missing, I demand an explanation.
”
Stella deduced from her words that this woman was Lindsay’s mother.
Determined, Stella walked toward them with a stern expression.
The two people in the hallway were taken aback.
Waldo’s face was flushed with anger, but it softened slightly when he saw Stella approaching.
It wasn’t until Stella stood next to Waldo that she got a good look at the woman.
The woman was in her forties, well-groomed, stylishly dressed, and striking.
Most notably, she bore a resemblance to Lindsay.
Stella became more certain that she was Lindsay’s mother.
Betsey was evaluating Stella, eyeing her with apparent disdain.
Stella looked at Betsey sharply and demanded in a firm tone, “What explanation do you seek? Lindsay was on a company-organized business trip.
What’s wrong with that?”
Betsey was taken aback and momentarily lost for words.
With a scoff, Stella continued, “What is your relationship with Lindsay? As far as I know, Lindsay was raised by the Clark family since infancy.
If anything is amiss, it’s the Clarks who deserve an explanation.
Who are you to her?”
Betsey sounded assertive but faltered, “I’m Lindsay’s mother! Don’t I have the right to demand an explanation from the Clark family?”
Stella retorted sarcastically, “Mother? I assumed Lindsay was an orphan.
Why else would she grow up in the Clark household instead of with her own mother?”
Betsey was left speechless, realizing she was outmatched and wanted to divert the conversation.
She blurted out defiantly, “Stop deflecting.
Lindsay is my daughter.
I need to know whether she’s safe or not.
You owe me an explanation!”
Stella responded coldly, “Be careful with your accusations.
They are merely on a routine business trip.
”
“Ridiculous! A routine business trip? Then why doesn’t she answer my calls? It’s all over the news-there was a gunshot incident in Sothrea.
I can’t reach her, so clearly, something has happened!” Betsey exclaimed.
Stella’s expression grew stern as she snapped, “Stop making unfounded claims!”
Betsey was intimidated by Stella’s commanding presence.
Seeing how firm Stella was, Betsey decided to take a softer approach.
With that thought, Betsey suddenly burst into tears, wailing in a pained voice, saying, “Life is so cruel! My daughter is missing! She’s so unfortunate! Who knows if she’s in danger or the Clark family has done something terrible to her?”
Her voice was sharp and loud, and she deliberately cried loudly, causing Stella to develop a piercing headache.
Stella was especially concerned that Lucia might be disturbed by Betsey’s loud cries.
She reached for her phone, intending to call the security guards to escort Betsey out.
###chapter2136
But in a swift move, Betsey snatched the phone from Stella’s hand and hurled it to the floor.
Stella’s face hardened, her brows drawing together.
“What do you think you’re doing?”
Betsey shot a look at Waldo, her frustration boiling over.
“So, you’re going to shut me up because you can’t bring Lindsay back? You think you can do whatever you want and the law wouldn’t catch up with you?”
Waldo could feel his anger rising, his chest tightening as his blood pressure soared.
Standing in front of him, Stella took a steady breath, trying to stay calm.
“Tell me what you want.
”
Feeling like she had the upper hand, Betsey said with confidence, “Since you can’t return my daughter, I’ll take money instead.
”
Waldo, who had been struggling to control his anger, finally lost it.
He jabbed his finger at Betsey, his voice rising.
“You were the one who left Lindsay behind.
Lucia and I took her in because we felt sorry for her.
Now she’s missing, and you have the nerve to demand money? Do you really think Lindsay is still your daughter?”
Betsey didn’t even flinch.
With a smug grin, she fired back, “Don’t pretend to be so righteous.
Your sons are dead.
Maybe you’re the jinx.
”
“You.
” Waldo’s heart sank, the painful memory of his sons’ deaths crashing over him like a wave.
His breath caught in his throat, and he clutched his chest, feeling dizzy and weak.
Seeing him sway, Stella rushed to his side, her eyes flashing with anger.
“Enough!” she snapped at Betsey.
But Betsey, never one to lose an argument, looked satisfied.
“Want me to stop? Fine.
Give me three hundred million dollars, and I’ll be out of here the second I get it.
”
She then made herself comfortable in a chair, clearly showing she had no intention of leaving.
Waldo, his temper flaring, spat out, “You won’t get a penny from me.
Stay here if you want.
”
Without another word, he turned and led Stella into the ward.
Betsey, desperate to keep her leverage, rushed to block the doorway.
“You’re not going in there! If you don’t pay me today, I’ll make a scene and let everyone know exactly what kind of people the Clark family really are!”
Just then, a soft, familiar voice came from the corner of the hallway.
“Mom?”
Stella’s heart skipped a beat.
That voice-it couldn’t be.
She whipped around and saw Matthew coming toward them, pushing Lindsay in a wheelchair.
For a moment, Stella stood there, stunned, her mind reeling.
She could not believe it was Matthew.
Her voice trembling, she called, “Matthew? Is it really you?”
She couldn’t bear to wait any longer, terrified that Matthew might vanish if she blinked.
###chapter2137
Before he could even answer, she bolted toward him, wrapping her arms around him tightly.
Only when she felt his familiar warmth and smelled his scent did she finally feel alive again.
Stella buried her face in Matthew’s chest, her tears flowing freely.
She held Matthew tightly and told him over and over again how much she had been worried about him these days.
“You’re finally back.
You have no idea how much I’ve missed you.
I was so scared I’d never see you again.
”
She kept talking, pouring out all the worry she’d carried these past days.
But Matthew didn’t respond.
He just stood there, not even returning her embrace.
Stella sensed something was wrong.
She loosened her hold on him and looked up, only to find Matthew’s eyes cold and distant.
Her heart raced, and panic gripped her.
With a trembling voice, she cried, “Matthew, what’s going on? You’re freaking me out.
Why are you looking at me like that? Why are you so cold?”
Without thinking, she reached out, trying to touch his face.
But before she could, Matthew caught her wrist, his grip firm.
Then, without a word, he released her hand and stepped back, creating a gap between them.
“Please, keep your composure,” he said, his tone icy and distant.
Stunned, Stella stood there, tears silently streaming down her face.
Matthew didn’t even glance her way.
He turned and calmly pushed Lindsay’s wheelchair toward Betsey and Waldo.
As usual, Matthew warmly greeted Waldo with a simple, “Grandpa.
”
“Grandpa, we’re back.
Sorry for worrying you,” Lindsay added sweetly.
Waldo hadn’t recovered from his anger toward Betsey yet, and now he was stunned by Matthew and Lindsay’s sudden appearance.
For a moment, he failed to respond to their greetings.
Matthew, noticing Waldo’s silence, looked puzzled and called out, “Grandpa?”
Waldo snapped back to reality but was still bewildered by the situation.
He could clearly feel the closeness between Matthew and Lindsay, but given the circumstances, he refrained from asking too many questions.
He simply nodded and inquired, “When did you get back?”
“We just arrived.
We heard Grandma was in the hospital, so we rushed here,” Matthew replied honestly.
Betsey stopped her antics upon seeing Matthew.
When she turned and noticed Lindsay in a wheelchair, she seized the opportunity.
She approached Lindsay with feigned concern and said, “Lindsay, what happened to you? Why are you in a wheelchair?”
Her tone was that of a concerned mother.
Lindsay appeared distressed.
With teary eyes, she slowly bowed her head.
###chapter2138
Nearby, Stella was still in shock over the unfolding scene.
She gathered herself and approached Matthew.
However, just as she reached him, she heard Lindsay crying.
Lindsay lamented, “I can’t stand up again…”
Betsey said sharply, “What do you mean by that? Are you disabled?”
Tears started streaming down Lindsay’s face.
Matthew looked conflicted, but his voice was firm, saying, “I will take responsibility.
”
Hearing this, Stella’s heart sank completely.
Was Lindsay injured while saving Matthew? Had Matthew’s feelings toward Lindsay shifted out of guilt?
But Stella was confused.
What had she done wrong? Why was Matthew so distant from her?
Betsey seized the opportunity to escalate the situation further.
She sharply criticized Matthew, “You say you’ll take responsibility? How exactly? Lindsay is now disabled.
Her life is changed forever.
She’s unmarried.
Who would marry someone who is disabled? So what if you’re wealthy? Can you guarantee her happiness for a lifetime?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew’s face showed a slight shift in expression.
Waldo couldn’t help but glance over at Stella.
Lindsay quickly intervened, trying to sound reasonable and kind, saying, “Mom, please don’t say that.
I’m okay.
Waldo and Lucia raised me, and I’m thankful to them.
It’s only my legs.
I would even give my life for Matthew.
”
But Betsey was relentless and snapped back, “You’re too naive.
Just because they raised you doesn’t mean they own you!”
At that, Lindsay began to weep quietly, her eyes turning red.
Betsey then turned her gaze to Matthew.
After a brief silence, Matthew said, “Don’t worry.
I’ll ensure you’re satisfied.
”
Betsey, not missing a beat, raised her voice and demanded, “Are you planning to divorce Stella and marry Lindsay?”
The room fell silent.
Stella felt as if Betsey’s words were a dagger piercing the softest part of her heart.
She even thought that today’s Matthew resembled the distant, cold man from their near-divorce days.
She couldn’t decipher his thoughts, making their once-sweet memories seem like a distant dream.
Betsey asked further, “Why are you silent? So, did you mean anything you said earlier?”
Lindsay gently tugged at Betsey’s sleeve and said timidly, “Mom, please stop.
It’s just my legs; it’s not the end of the world.
I chose this for Matthew.
It doesn’t matter if he takes responsibility or not.
Please don’t guilt-trip him…”
Her eyes were tearful, and her words exuded understanding and acceptance of Matthew’s situation.
She looked so pitiful, it was heartbreaking.
###chapter2139
Matthew said firmly, “I will do everything within my power to ensure everyone’s happiness.
”
Lucia faintly overheard the commotion outside when she noticed that both Waldo and Stella were missing.
Concerned and ignoring her own frailty, she pushed herself out of bed.
Leaning heavily on her cane, she shuffled out of her room to investigate the disturbance.
As she emerged, her eyes fell on Matthew standing by the door.
Startled, she couldn’t help but exclaim, “Matthew?”
At the sound of her voice, Matthew spun around, his face softening.
“Grandma, why are you out here by yourself?” he asked gently.
Tears welled up in Lucia’s eyes as she hurried over to him, her voice shaky with emotion.
“You’re alright… Oh, I’m so relieved,” she managed to say, her relief palpable.
Matthew quickly reassured her, “I’m fine, Grandma.
I’m back now, safe and sound.
”
Lucia nodded vigorously, tears streaming down her face.
“Waldo, Stella, and I-we were all so worried about you.
You…”
‘s BunnyBookery
But her words trailed off as she suddenly noticed Lindsay in a wheelchair next to Matthew.
Having been like a grandmother to Lindsay, Lucia’s concern immediately shifted.
“Lindsay, what happened to you?” she asked, her worry intensifying.
Lindsay looked up, her eyes brimming with tears, as if she wanted to explain but hesitated.
After a moment, she simply looked toward Matthew, remaining silent.
Puzzled and growing more anxious, Lucia pressed for answers.
“What happened?”
Betsey, standing to the side, called out, “Mrs.
Clark, you need to set things right for Lindsay.
”
Lucia, frowning, remained silent, anticipating Betsey’s next words.
Betsey went on, “Even though Matthew is your grandson, you raised Lindsay too.
How can you stand to see her disabled and scorned for life?”
“Disabled?” Lucia echoed, her disbelief evident.
She had braced herself for news of Lindsay’s injury, not a permanent disability.
Something didn’t add up.
What did Matthew have to do with this?
Casting a quick glance at Matthew, and then back at Lindsay, Lucia asked in a gentle tone, “What exactly happened? Are the doctors certain she won’t recover?”
Lindsay hadn’t explained why she was hurt.
Instead, she just wept, her eyes swollen and red, her silence speaking volumes about her Life -altering fate in a wheelchair.
Betsey observed this with sharp clarity and spoke up immediately.
“Lindsay’s disability came from trying to save Matthew.
Saying you’ll be responsible isn’t enough.
We need concrete actions!”
Lucia and Waldo exchanged uncomfortable glances.
Seeing their reaction, Betsey exclaimed, “Lindsay, my dear child, you’ve sacrificed everything for someone else… I’m so devastated for you…”
Her tears weighed heavily on the Clark family, leaving them at a loss for what to do.
Once Betsey’s sobbing subsided, she turned her focus to Stella with a chilling tone.
“You! You’re Matthew’s wife.
It’s time you take a stand!”
Waldo and Lucia turned toward Stella, ready to defend her from Betsey’s harsh words, but Stella was quicker.
Holding back her own grief, Stella responded with a steady voice, “This was unforeseen, and we need time to process it.
Moreover, Matthew has already committed to taking responsibility.
Please, rest assured that Lindsay will be cared for.
”
Her gaze then drifted toward Matthew unconsciously.
Matthew, overhearing her, frowned slightly, his expression turning sour.
###chapter2140
Lucia and Waldo were impressed by Stella’s performance, thinking her response was clever and on point.
But Lindsay picked up on Matthew’s shift in mood.
She gently pulled on Betsey’s sleeve, giving Stella a strange look before whispering, “Mom.
”
Betsey quickly caught on to what Lindsay was hinting at.
She gave Stella a cold look and said with a hint of sarcasm, “Quit with these ambiguous words.
Don’t think you can fool us.
”
After that, she turned to Lucia and Waldo, raising her voice, and said, “What are you going to do about this? This is about Lindsay’s happiness.
You need to be clear! How will you make it right?”
Waldo glanced at Stella with a silent sigh before turning to Betsey.
He said, “We’ll do everything we can for Lindsay’s legs.
We’ll discuss the rest later.
”
He understood Betsey’s intentions.
She was so focused on money, using Lindsay as a way to get more or even pressuring Matthew into marriage.
But he had seen Lindsay grow up, and Stella was the granddaughter-in-law he had approved of.
As the head of the Clark family, he would never allow anyone to mistreat Lindsay or push around Stella.
Besides, the idea of forcing Matthew to divorce Stella and marry Lindsay was absurd!
But when Betsey heard this, she was furious and shouted, “That’s not good enough! You’re clearly trying to dismiss us.
If Matthew won’t take responsibility for Lindsay, I’m taking her home now! We won’t stay here to bother you!”
‘s BunnyBookery
As she spoke, Betsey glanced at Stella, whether on purpose or not.
Lucia, wanting to avoid a scene, quickly reassured Betsey, saying, “Please calm down.
We care about Lindsay as if she were our own granddaughter.
We’re not dismissing you.
This is a serious matter, so we need some time to discuss it.
For now, our priority is to do everything we can to help Lindsay with her legs.
”
“What can you do to help with her legs? She’s in a wheelchair! I think you’re just trying to avoid the issue.
Lindsay was so foolish to sacrifice her future for Matthew! And this is how she ends up!”
Betsey was relentless, continuing to shout.
Lucia had never encountered someone so difficult.
Betsey was the reason she had ended up in the hospital, and now she couldn’t find the words to respond.
Seeing it was time to step in, Lindsay took the lead to mediate.
With tears in her eyes, Lindsay said to Betsey, “Mom, stop it.
I’m not a fool.
As long as Matthew is okay, I won’t regret anything, even if it costs me my life.
”
Betsey was taken aback.
She knew Lindsay’s true nature, or she might have been deceived by Lindsay’s seemingly innocent appearance.
Lindsay continued, “I still want to stay with the Clark family and be with Waldo and Lucia.
Even though I can’t do much because of my condition, I can at least be there for Lucia.
”
Turning to Matthew, she put on a brave face and said, “Matthew, I don’t want to cause you trouble.
I didn’t save you for anything in return.
I was ready to sacrifice my legs just to see you safe.
”
Matthew’s expression shifted slightly, but he remained silent.
Lucia, on the other hand, felt a twinge of guilt.
She hadn’t expected Lindsay to be so thoughtful, especially given her situation.
After all, Lindsay was already facing such a difficult disability.
After her earlier words, Stella had been standing still, silent and hurting deeply inside.
###chapter2141
Seeing that she had accomplished what she wanted, Lindsay decided not to push further.
She looked at Matthew with a pitiful expression and said, “Matthew, I’m feeling a bit tired.
I’ll visit Grandma another day.
If it’s not convenient for you, could you ask the bodyguard to help me back home?”
Matthew’s face remained expressionless, but his tone softened as he said, “It’s fine.
I’ll take you home.
”
Hearing this, Stella finally came back to her senses.
She instinctively grabbed his hand, looking at him with hopeful eyes.
“Let someone else handle it.
Aren’t you going to tell us what’s been happening these days?”
At Stella’s words, Matthew spun around to face her, his gaze piercing and unyielding.
Their eyes met in a taut silence.
Stella caught the sharp flicker of impatience in Matthew’s eyes, a clear sign of his growing frustration.
A jolt of fear and hurt surged through Stella.
For a moment, it was as if Matthew had turned into someone she didn’t recognize, a total stranger.
Lindsay, watching the scene unfold, was visibly anxious.
Fearing something might go wrong, she quickly intervened to break the mounting silence.
Putting on a facade of vulnerability, she said, “If Stella wants you to stay, then do so.
Don’t worry about me.
Just have the bodyguard take me home.
”
As she spoke, she subtly tugged at Betsey’s sleeve, signaling her to step in.
Betsey, catching the hint, responded with a biting edge, “You’re already showing reluctance to take Lindsay home.
With such an attitude, I doubt the Clark family will assume any responsibility.
How enlightening.
”
Lucia and Waldo exchanged glances of disapproval but remained silent, unsure of how to navigate the situation.
Stella disregarded Betsey’s harsh words entirely and stubbornly held onto Matthew’s hand, her eyes brimming with a potent mix of bitterness and determination.
She couldn’t believe Matthew would truly abandon her or that he could be so heartless.
Yet, in the next moment, his face remained expressionless as he jerked his hand away from hers with unfeeling finality.
“Don’t be unreasonable.
”
His voice was icy, dripping with impatience and a lack of empathy for Stella.
Stella’s hand fell listlessly to her side, as if all the life had been drained from it.
She stood there, rooted and stunned.
Waldo and Lucia looked on, their concern growing as they saw Stella’s distress.
They instinctively wanted to step in and stop Matthew from leaving.
Before they could react, Matthew said, “Grandpa, Grandma, I’ll take Lindsay home and come back.
”
In shock, Waldo and Lucia could only nod, their expressions blank and lost.
Matthew pushed Lindsay’s wheelchair as they departed, followed by Betsey, and the corridor fell into a deep silence.
Lucia’s gaze softened with pity as she placed a comforting hand on Stella’s arm.
“Try not to be too upset.
Matthew’s reaction is probably because this has hit him hard.
We’ll make sure he sees things differently when he returns.
”
Waldo spoke with a steady voice, full of reassurance.
“Don’t worry.
If no doctor in Seamarsh can treat Lindsay’s legs, I’ll arrange for specialists from elsewhere.
I won’t let this problem affect you and Matthew.
”
###chapter2142
Stella felt a heavy pressure on her chest, as though her heart was being squeezed tight.
She forced a smile and said, “I’m okay.
Please don’t worry about me.
I understand that Lindsay got hurt while trying to help Matthew.
I know what really matters.
”
Lucia and Waldo shared a look of deep concern, their hearts heavy with sympathy for Stella.
They started to speak, but Stella quickly changed the subject.
“Lucia, you haven’t eaten yet.
Let’s get you back to your room.
I’1L make you something light,” Stella said, gently helping Lucia toward the ward.
Waldo let out a resigned sigh, shaking his head as he watched them go.
The hospital was affiliated with Prosperity Group, and Lucia’s VIP room was more like a Luxurious suite, complete with a small, well- equipped kitchen.
After making sure Lucia was comfortable, Stella moved to the kitchen to prepare breakfast.
As she worked, Matthew’s cold, distant face lingered in her head, and her eyes burned red with hot tears.
Matthew wheeled Lindsay out of the hospital in silence.
Trailing behind them, Betsey scrutinized Matthew with growing confusion.
What was going on?
Not just the Clark family were perplexed, but an outsider like Betsey also sensed something off about Matthew.
What could have transpired between Matthew and Lindsay during their time in Sothrea?
Before Betsey could ponder further, her attention was drawn to an unexpected scene.
The ramp for the wheelchair was still not in place, which meant Matthew had to lift Lindsay into the car.
Lindsay’s heart raced as he moved closer, and instinctively, she wrapped her arms around his neck.
Their movements were smooth and practiced.
Lost in a fleeting moment of joy, Lindsay waited for Matthew to gently settle her into the car.
Unexpectedly, he released his hold mid-air.
Caught completely off guard, she landed directly onto the car seat with a soft thud.
It took her a moment to grasp what had just occurred.
Flustered by Matthew’s abrupt change, she faced him, utterly bewildered.
“Matthew?” Lindsay called out, confused, after composing herself.
“I’m sorry.
I’m still not used to this.
” Matthew apologized calmly.
Lindsay breathed a sigh of relief.
“It’s my fault,” she quickly responded.
“I forgot you’re uncomfortable with physical contact.
”
Matthew stayed silent, his expression unreadable.
###chapter2143
Lindsay’s gaze faltered before she added in a soft, regretful tone, “If only my legs worked… I wouldn’t be such a burden… You wouldn’t have to carry me.
I’m sorry for the trouble…”
Matthew’s Lips tightened.
He remained silent, though something in his expression shifted slightly.
Gathering her courage, Lindsay continued cautiously, “Please, don’t take my mother’s words to heart.
While I do have feelings for you, I don’t expect you to get divorced and marry me as repayment.
I saved you that day because I wanted to.
”
“You should rest now.
Don’t overthink.
” Matthew’s response was detached.
He then instructed the bodyguards, “Take Lindsay back and arrange for a wheelchair-accessible vehicle.
”
“Matthew, aren’t you driving me home?” Lindsay asked, taken aback.
Matthew’s frown deepened momentarily before he responded, “I need to visit Grandpa and Grandma.
You should get some rest.
”
Lindsay masked her disappointment.
She knew Matthew’s visit meant he would see Stella.
Though Lindsay disliked the idea, she understood pushing him could backfire.
After a pause, she managed a sweet smile.
“Okay.
Take care,” she said.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew nodded and went back to the hospital before the car drove off.
Watching Matthew’s retreating figure, Lindsay clenched her fists.
Once he was gone, Betsey slid into the back seat.
“Lindsay, why are you so reckless?” she scolded, frowning.
“It’s okay if you got injured while saving Matthew, but you mustn’t sacrifice the happiness of your life.
”
“What do you know?” Lindsay snapped.
“What do I know?” Betsey’s smile was tinged with irony.
“Haven’t you seen how the Clarks treat you? Do you think they care about you? I doubt they’ll even compensate you financially!”
Lindsay curled her lips in disdain, offering a sarcastic smile while dismissing Betsey.
It was clear to her-Matthew was the prize she sought.
Money held no allure for her.
Even if they felt indebted to her, eventually, the Clark family might cease their financial support, but with Matthew, she would secure not just wealth, but status and fame as well.
Betsey, noting Lindsay’s silence, grew frustrated and challenged her, “What are you thinking? If you’d married the man I had chosen for you, none of this would be happening!”
Lindsay’s expression darkened.
To her, that man was inconsequential— old and unattractive, and his family paled in comparison to the Clarks.
Once she became Matthew’s wife, she’d show them all.
Regaining her composure, Lindsay coldly instructed, “Return to the Wheeler family home and stay out of my affairs.
”
Betsey, seeing Lindsay’s resolve, remembered Matthew’s concern for her and asked with a hint of curiosity, “What’s your plan? Are you confident you’ll win Matthew over this time? Though, he seems to be a changed person.
”
Lindsay responded with only a knowing smile.
Meanwhile, Matthew had made his way back to the ward.
###chapter2144
Waldo, Lucia, and Stella were already there, mid-meal.
Catching sight of Matthew, Lucia called out warmly, “Matthew, come and join us.
”
Matthew nodded and chose a seat across from Stella, disregarding the empty chair next to her.
Stella paused, her hand trembling slightly with the fork.
Her nerves had been frayed since Matthew’s entrance.
Recalling his previous indifference, she had remained silent, secretly hoping he would sit beside her to discuss their issues.
Surprisingly, he didn’t glance her way, much less sit near her.
She gazed at him blankly, feeling like a stranger to him, as tears began to gather in her eyes.
Lucia and Waldo witnessed this change and were equally shocked.
Lucia intervened to ease the tension.
“Matthew, we’ve all been so worried, especially Stella.
She spent over two weeks in Sothrea looking for you.
If she hadn’t been informed of my hospitalization, she would’ve stayed longer and come back with you.
”
Matthew’s response was devoid of emotion, and the ward filled with an uneasy silence.
Seeing that he seemed unmoved by the revelation of her journey to Sothrea, Stella felt heartbroken.
Struggling to maintain composure, Stella asked quietly, “What happened to you in Sothrea? Why couldn’t Neville or I locate you?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew barely acknowledged her.
He lifted his head, his gaze passing Waldo and Lucia before settling on Lucia as he explained succinctly, “I was injured in Sothrea and ended up in a private hospital under Lindsay’s care.
”
Lucia and Waldo exchanged bewildered looks, at a loss for words.
After a brief silence, Lucia spoke up.
“Betsey caused quite a stir at the hospital today.
It’s clear she’s using Lindsay’s situation to leverage for money.
It’s hard to see Lindsay, who I consider like my own, suffer so greatly.
”
She hesitated, and then added cautiously, “What are your plans regarding Lindsay? Should we consult an international specialist for her treatment?”
Matthew spoke with detachment.
“I’ve entrusted Cordell with that matter.
”
Lucia’s tension eased at the mention of Cordell’s name, though the atmosphere quickly reverted to its prior awkwardness.
Throughout the meal, not a word passed between Matthew and Stella.
They didn’t even make eye contact.
Lucia sensed the tension and mused that their prolonged separation and the day’s events warranted a private conversation.
With this thought, she set aside her silverware and suggested, “We’ve all had enough.
Matthew, why don’t you and Stella go rest?”
Matthew offered no ion.
Before they departed, he advised Waldo and Lucia to get some rest as well.
Then, he and Stella exited the hospital in silence, one following the other.
###chapter2145
Once inside the car, a heavy silence enveloped them.
Stella, suspecting Matthew felt remorse over the incident with Lindsay, broke the quiet.
“I’ll look into finding a specialist for Lindsay’s leg injuries,” she ventured.
However, as soon as she finished, Matthew looked up sharply.
His voice was cold and detached as he declared, “Let’s get a divorce.
”
Stella was stunned, the weight of his words sinking in slowly.
She blinked, her mind reeling, and barely managed to whisper, “What?”
Matthew’s impatience flickered across his face as he repeated, more forcefully this time, “I said, let’s get a divorce.
”
Stella felt dizzy, the word “divorce” echoing in her mind, louder and louder until it drowned out everything else.
It struck her like a physical blow, leaving her struggling to breathe.
Before she could gather her thoughts, Matthew continued, his voice void of any affection, “This marriage was just a contractual one.
Lindsay nearly died to save me, and I have a responsibility to her now.
If we stay married and the media catches me together with Lindsay, it’ll be a scandal that the Clark family can’t afford.
”
His reasoning was clear, but the lack of emotion behind it stung.
A heavy silence filled the space between them.
Finally, Stella found the strength to speak, though her voice shook with hurt.
“So, after all this time, you still see our marriage as just a contract? You don’t feel anything for me?”
Matthew let out a dry, humorless laugh as if she had said something ridiculous.
His eyes bored into hers.
“Tell me, how exactly do you think this marriage came about?”
Stella hesitated, her thoughts a jumble.
She took a deep breath, desperate to make him see what she felt.
“Yes, we started out with an agreement, but over time, as we lived together, something changed between us—”
“Stop!”
Matthew’s voice cut through her plea, cold and final.
‘s BunnyBookery
He didn’t waver as he said, “Take whatever you want, the house, the money, whatever.
I’ll handle explaining things to Grandpa and Grandma.
”
Stella’s chest tightened, her breath catching as Matthew’s cold words washed over her, leaving her reeling.
She had never expected him to shut her down so completely, not even giving her a chance to speak.
Even with his harshness, Stella couldn’t accept that this was really happening.
She clung to the belief that there was more to his decision, that he was hiding something from her.
Without thinking, she reached out, instinctively seeking some connection, some way to close the growing distance between them.
But before her hand could touch him, Matthew pulled back, his face twisted in disgust, as if her touch was something he couldn’t bear.
Her hand lingered in the air, the rejection cutting through her, leaving a sharp ache in her chest that made it hard to breathe.
After a moment that felt like an eternity, she forced a weak smile, her voice shaky.
“I’m your wife, Matthew.
I don’t know what happened to you in Sothrea, what made you change like this, but I’m here.
I’m ready to face whatever comes, with you.
”
Matthew’s expression didn’t soften.
His voice was cold and dismissive.
“People who care about each other share their struggles.
What we have is just a convenient arrangement.
There’s no need to act Like it’s something more.
When you’re ready to talk divorce terms, speak to Fernando.
”
###chapter2146
He checked his watch, his tone impatient as he added, “I don’t have time for this.
Get out of the car.
The bodyguard will take you home.
”
A bitter sadness surged within Stella.
She looked at Matthew, searching his face for any sign of the man she once knew.
Then, with each word carefully measured, she asked, “Matthew, is this really what you want? Do you truly want to end our marriage?”
Matthew opened his mouth to reply, but as their eyes met, something flickered in his gaze, and for a brief moment, his resolve seemed to waver.
Matthew turned his gaze to the side, fighting back the uneasy feeling gnawing at him.
His voice was steady, though it carried a hint of finality.
“I’ve already said what needed to be said.
Think about it.
Dragging this out will only make things worse.
”
Stella’s heart squeezed painfully, but she refused to believe this was the whole truth.
She knew Matthew better than that.
Even if he no longer loved her and wanted a divorce, he wouldn’t be so cold.
Most importantly, she trusted in their love for each other.
Taking a deep breath, she pushed down the bitterness that threatened to spill over.
“Okay, I’ll think it over,” she said, her tone softer now.
She reached for the door handle, ready to step out of the car.
But just as she was about to leave, Matthew’s voice broke through the tension.
“Wait!”
Stella was elated, turning to face Matthew with a hopeful gaze.
She wondered if he had reconsidered.
Did he want to confess the truth and retract the divorce proposal?
Trying to steady her nerves, she ventured, “What’s up?”
Matthew paused, unsure of himself.
As Stella moved to leave a moment ago, a strange feeling surged in his heart, causing him to involuntarily halt her in her tracks.
Yet, he grappled with what to say next.
What could he possibly articulate at such a moment?
After battling a wave of emotions and a severe headache, Matthew masked his feelings with a facade of indifference.
He finally spoke.
“The Prosper Bay villa is yours.
You don’t need to leave.
”
Stella had hoped for a moment of truth, but his words dashed those hopes.
She managed a forced smile and stifled the growing sorrow.
“OK.
”
With that, she stepped out of the car, her resolve firm.
Matthew watched her leave, and then decisively drove off.
Moments later, a bodyguard pulled up beside Stella, stepping out to open the door for her.
As she watched Matthew’s car fade into the distance, Stella turned away, her heart heavy.
###chapter2147
Once in the safety of the bodyguard’s vehicle, her emotions overcame her, and she wept uncontrollably.
She reached for her phone to call Fernando, the only other person besides Lindsay who understood Matthew’s situation.
But before she could dial, her phone rang.
It was Miley.
Hearing her voice, Stella’s grief intensified, and she sobbed even harder.
Miley, unaware of the latest developments, berated Matthew over the phone.
“Stella, Neville and I are back in Seamarsh.
You have to confront Matthew, that jerk! His disappearance had us all on edge, especially you.
You’ve been unable to eat or sleep, even fainting from the stress.
It’s time he learned his lesson.
How are you feeling now? If you’re too frail to deal with him, I’ll handle it for you!”
Miley continued speaking without hearing a response.
Eventually, sensing something amiss, she asked in bewilderment, “Stella, why aren’t you saying anything?”
Stella’s tears flowed freely, overwhelmed by Miley’s concern.
Unable to hold back any longer, she burst into loud sobs.
Startled by Stella’s sudden outburst, Miley panicked and asked anxiously, “Stella, what’s wrong? You’re really scaring me!”
Through her tears, Stella struggled to speak.
Miley, now deeply concerned, paused to gather her thoughts.
Suspecting Matthew was the cause, she ventured, “Is Matthew hurt? Don’t worry, medicine has come so far these days.
Now that he’s back, he can surely be treated—”
Before Miley could finish, Stella interrupted with a sob, “Matthew… he wants a divorce.
.
”
Miley was taken aback by Stella’s revelation.
Divorce? She wondered if she had misunderstood.
Was Matthew really planning to divorce Stella?
Given his deep affection for Stella, Miley was puzzled by his sudden decision.
Taking a moment to compose herself, she asked, “What happened? Why does he want a divorce so suddenly? Weren’t you two planning a wedding soon?”
Stella continued to cry, managing to say between sobs, “I don’t know.
The moment he returned, he asked for a divorce…”
Hearing the pain in Stella’s voice, Miley responded reassuringly, “Calm down.
There must be some misunderstanding.
I’ll speak with Neville.
Maybe he knows something.
Matthew loves you dearly.
I can’t believe he’d go through with a divorce.
”
“OK,” Stella replied in a trembling voice, trying to reassure herself in her heart.
Miley stayed on the line, offering comfort until Stella’s crying subsided.
Once composed, Stella reached out to Fernando.
“Have you returned, Fernando?” she inquired.
###chapter2148
Fernando paused, and then replied, “Yes, I got back three days ago.
”
This response unsettled Stella.
She knew Fernando well enough to realize he wouldn’t have returned to Seamarsh if he hadn’t located Matthew.
That implied Matthew had been found at least three days earlier, but he had only returned today.
This discrepancy deepened Stella’s concern.
She pressed for more information.
“Do you know what happened to Matthew in Sothrea?”
“No,” Fernando admitted honestly.
Stella felt a sinking feeling as her last shred of hope faded away.
After a moment’s pause, Fernando added, “He asked me to return early to arrange a plane and an apartment.
That’s all I’m aware of.
”
Upon hearing this, Stella realized the apartment was meant for Lindsay.
A bitter smile crossed her face, but she remained silent.
Fernando had also sensed the deep changes in Matthew, Likely prompting Stella’s call.
He quickly tried to reassure her.
“Mrs.
Clark, don’t worry.
Now that Mr.
Clark is back, he’ll surely uncover what transpired and identify those responsible.
”
Stella’s spirits sank further; she realized Fernando was as clueless about Matthew’s experiences in Sothrea as the reasons behind his request for a divorce.
Holding back her disappointment, she requested, “Please look after him.
If his condition worsens, inform me immediately.
”
Fernando responded candidly, “But surely, you’d be the first to know, right?”
Stella remained silent, the weight of the situation rendering her speechless.
Feeling he might have misspoken, Fernando hastily ended the call, troubled by the possibility of exacerbating the tension.
Upon arriving at Prosper Bay, Stella entered her home in a daze.
As she wandered through the familiar spaces, only heartache accompanied her.
Suddenly, signs of a recent visitor sparked a flicker of hope.
“Is that you, Matthew?” she called out instinctively, her voice filled with a mix of hope and trepidation.
Stella called out several times, but no one answered.
She climbed the stairs, puzzled, and faintly heard noises from the bedroom.
It must be Matthew!
Stella grew even more excited.
She imagined a reason for Matthew’s actions.
He likely did it to protect the overall situation.
He was probably trying to mislead those who had tried to harm him.
With this thought, Stella slowly pushed the bedroom door open, her heart racing with anticipation.
However, her excitement turned to despair when she saw who was inside.
###chapter2149
“Erin? What are you doing here?”
Erin, caught off guard by Stella’s sudden entry, paused before politely greeting, “Mrs.
Clark.
”
Stella paused, and then quickly asked, “Why are you here? Where’s Matthew?”
“Mr.
Clark asked me to come and pack his bags,” Erin answered sincerely.
As she spoke, she continued to pack his bags.
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew had urged her to hurry, so she didn’t look up at Stella again, missing the distress on Stella’s face.
While packing, Erin asked, “Is Mr.
Clark off on another business trip?”
She kept talking, not waiting for Stella to respond.
“He called me early this morning, asking me to pack his bags quickly.
He seemed in a rush to sort something out.
He’s always so busy.
He just got back from Sothrea and now he’s off again.
Where to this time? He asked me to pack a lot of clothes and some daily necessities.
He will be away for a long time, won’t he? Mrs.
Clark, are you going with him? I guess he wants to finish up his work before the wedding so he can focus on preparing for your big day.
”
Erin chattered on for quite some time before she realized Stella had been silent the entire time.
Glancing up, she saw Stella’s pale face.
Shocked, Erin stood up quickly.
“Mrs.
Clark! You look so pale.
Are you feeling alright? Should I call Mr.
Clark?”
Then she approached Stella and offered her a seat.
“sit down.
Rest a bit.
I can’t help but feel Mr.
Clark should be criticized.
He just got back from a business trip and now he’s leaving again? He ought to spend more time with you.
”
Stella looked very pale.
She weakly waved her hand and struggled to find her voice.
“I’m fine.
Go on.
I need to step outside for a bit.
”
She felt so overwhelmed that she could barely breathe.
She longed to go outside for some fresh air.
However, the moment she turned to leave, her feeling of suffocation intensified.
Her mind blanked for a second, and then everything went dark as she fainted.
Meanwhile, Lindsay was in a downtown apartment.
She was seated in a wheelchair while several maids cleaned around her.
Matthew sat quietly on the couch, his thoughts unreadable.
“Matthew, could you stay with me tonight?” Lindsay asked timidly, her eyes full of longing.
“Just Like the days when we stayed in adjacent wards.
I only feel safe when I’m around you.
”
She spoke with great care and then nervously watched Matthew’s reaction.
She hoped to find a way to be alone with Matthew and was also concerned about him spending too much time with Stella out of her sight.
With no change in his expression, Matthew replied casually, “I’ll have the maids stay with you.
”
Lindsay felt a pang of despair at his words.
###chapter2150
Yet she wasn’t ready to give up.
With a sense of defeat, she said, “Lately, when I close my eyes, I keep reliving that day.
And I don’t know these maids well.
I’m really scared…”
A flicker of impatience crossed Matthew’s eyes.
He stood abruptly and said sharply, “I have work to handle.
If you’re that frightened, you should ask your mother to come stay with you.
”
“But I…” Lindsay wanted to say something more.
But Matthew cut her off.
“I’m leaving now.
You need to rest properly.
Go to bed early.
I’ll come see you once I finish my work.
”
Then he turned and left the room.
When Matthew emerged from the apartment building, the car was already idling by the curb, the driver waiting patiently.
Sliding into the back seat, Matthew rubbed his forehead.
“Mr.
Clark, where to now?” the driver inquired with a respectful tone.
For a fleeting moment, Prosper Bay flashed through Matthew’s mind.
Shaking his head to dismiss the absurd notion, he responded in a deep, firm voice, “To the office.
”
No sooner had he spoken than his phone erupted into a shrill ring.
It was Erin.
Matthew’s brow furrowed at the sight of her name, and asked coldly, “What’s up?”
“Mr.
Clark, there’s been an incident.
Mrs.
Clark… she’s fainted,”
Erin stammered.
A visceral reaction clenched Matthew’s heart-an unseen hand gripping it tightly.
He fought to maintain his composure, replying sharply, “There’s no need to trouble me with such matters.
Call the family doctor.
”
He ended the call, but the lingering sense of unease grew stronger, impossible to ignore.
After a brief inner battle, he commanded, “Turn around.
Take me to Prosper Bay.
”
The driver, taken aback by the sudden change, complied without a word, swiftly rerouting their course.
Soon, the car pulled up to Prosper Bay.
Matthew ascended the stairs two at a time, unaware of the reasons fueling his urgency.
But now, he had no time to dwell on it.
As he reached the landing, he encountered the doctor and Erin.
Erin, surprised by his rapid arrival, greeted him hastily.
Matthew brushed past her, his gaze fixed on the doctor.
“How is she?” he demanded.
###chapter2151
The doctor, understanding the gravity of the situation, quickly explained, “Mrs.
Clark collapsed due to exhaustion and emotional stress.
However, she’s received an infusion and with proper rest, she should recover fully.
”
Matthew allowed himself a moment of internal relief but maintained an indifferent exterior, merely nodding before he continued his hurried ascent upstairs.
The door to the master bedroom was ajar.
As Matthew stepped inside, he saw Stella, lying pale and unconscious in the bed.
Despite her slumber, her brows were knotted in distress, as if she battled unseen troubles in her dreams.
Approaching her, Matthew’s heart tangled with concern and confusion as he observed the evident pain etched across her face.
Suddenly, his temple twitched, and fleeting, blurred images cascaded through his mind, too quick to grasp.
Stirred from his thoughts by Stella’s faint murmur for water, Matthew snapped back to reality.
“Water… Water…”
Matthew forced himself to calm down before fetching a glass of water.
However, as he approached the bedside with the filled glass, he paused.
He didn’t know what to do next…
After a brief hesitation, he resolved to gently wake her so she could drink on her own, Despite his repeated calls, she showed no signs of stirring.
Feeling somewhat resigned, Matthew finally sat on the edge of the bed.
With gentle care, he supported her with one hand while he brought the glass to her lips, helping her sip the water.
As Stella drank, her delicate, pink lips parted slightly, the droplets of water on them catching the light and glistening with an alluring sheen.
The sight was unexpectedly stirring, igniting a warmth in Matthew that he struggled to understand.
The Luster on her lips under the soft light was so enticing that it awakened a deep desire within him to kiss her.
As Stella swallowed, Matthew’s own throat mirrored the action, his Adam’s apple bobbing visibly.
For days his heartbeat had maintained a steady rhythm, but now it fluttered uncontrollably, a chaotic dance under his chest.
The abruptness of his body’s reaction left him flustered and astonished.
As he watched Stella drink, a startling physical response overtook him, igniting an unexpected and intense arousal.
He glanced down, a flush of embarrassment sweeping over him.
How could this be?
Without allowing himself to dwell on these feelings, he quickly set down the glass and prepared to Leave.
But just as he was about to withdraw, Stella’s grip on his wrist halted him.
###chapter2152
Her eyes fluttered open, her slender fingers encasing his hand.
In her groggy state, she seemed unable to discern whether she was dreaming or awake, her instinct urging her not to let him go.
Then, in a soft whisper barely louder than a sigh, she murmured, “Don’t go…” Her voice trailed off as her eyes closed again.
As Stella awoke, the room was draped in the soft hues of evening.
Her eyes fluttered open to the sight of a familiar face—Miley.
With an exclamation of surprise, Miley cried, “Stella, you’re finally awake!”
Stella’s gaze quickly darted away from Miley, her eyes scanning the room as if searching for something.
“What’s wrong?” Miley watched her with a furrowed brow, concern etching her features.
Silence hung between them as Stella continued her survey of the room.
Once convinced they were alone, a shadow of disappointment crossed her face.
She mustered a weary smile.
“I’m fine; don’t worry about me.
”
Miley let out a sigh of relief.
“I was worried sick, you know?”
Stella offered an apologetic smile.
“Why are you here?” she inquired gently.
Miley moved to pick up a glass from the side table, filling it with water for Stella.
As she handed it over, she explained, “After our phone call, I was still worried about you, so I came over to check on you, and then found out you’d fainted!”
As Stella accepted the glass, vague images flashed through her mind, and she asked anxiously, “Miley, was anyone else in my room when you arrived?”
Miley’s expression clouded with confusion.
“Erin was here earlier,” she admitted.
“She told me she’d prepared some food for you in the kitchen, so you’d have something to eat when you woke up.
”
She then asked, “Are you hungry? I’ll go heat it up.
”
Disappointment washed over Stella again, and she shook her head, her voice a whisper.
“I don’t have any appetite.
”
Miley sighed deeply, sitting on the edge of the bed.
She reached out, touching Stella’s hand reassuringly.
“I know you’re upset, but you mustn’t neglect your health.
Perhaps Matthew is facing his own troubles.
You’ve been through so much together; I’m certain he wouldn’t think of divorcing you.
”
With a bitter smile, Stella revealed, “He’s already asked Erin to pack his bags.
He’s planning to leave Prosper Bay.
”
Stunned, Miley struggled to find the words.
Taking a deep breath, Stella gathered her strength.
“Don’t worry about me.
I’ll figure out what’s happened to him in Sothrea.
”
Seeing Stella’s resolve, Miley exhaled in relief and assured her firmly, “Okay.
Rest easy.
Neville and I are here for you.
”
Stella smiled with relief.
Meanwhile, Neville and Cordell made their way to the Prosperity Group’s headquarters, determined to confront Matthew.
###chapter2153
They sat across from him in the stark, imposing office.
Neville’s gaze was intense and unyielding, causing Matthew to frown with annoyance.
“Why are you looking at me Like that? I’m not a woman,” Matthew snapped, his voice low.
Neville’s cheeks colored slightly with embarrassment, but he quickly regained his composure.
He cleared his throat and asked in a grave tone, “Why do you want to divorce Stella?”
Matthew was taken aback by the direct question.
Neville continued, “What the hell are you thinking? Did you have an affair in Sothrea?”
For a moment, Neville seemed to doubt his own accusations, adding quickly, “I don’t think you’re a playboy.
”
Matthew bristled at the implications, his expression turning righteous.
“Our marriage was arranged by our elders.
Why can’t I seek a divorce? It’s normal.
”
The tension in the room escalated as Neville suddenly stood, stepped toward Matthew, and pinched his face in disbelief.
Matthew recoiled, slapping Neville’s hand away with a frosty glare.
“What’s wrong with you?” he demanded, anger flaring in his eyes.
Neville, still stunned, searched Matthew’s face.
“It feels the same.
But why are you acting like a different person? Not long ago, you were planning to have a baby with Stella.
Now, after your trip to Sothrea, you want a divorce again?”
Matthew’s face darkened, his eyes narrowing.
“Again? What do you mean by that? I’ve always wanted to end this marriage, and I have no intention of having children in my lifetime.
”
Matthew, reflecting on his previous trials, dismissed Neville’s assertions as sheer nonsense.
“You’re crazy! Definitely!”
Neville, taken aback, turned to Cordell, his expression one of bewilderment.
“Which one of us is crazy? Me or Matthew?”
Instead of indulging in Neville’s momentary lapse into childish questioning, Cordell fixed Matthew with a steady gaze.
“Where were you when you disappeared? Who did you meet? Was the shooting in Sothrea an accident or orchestrated?”
Upon the mention of the shooting, Matthew’s demeanor shifted to one of grave seriousness.
He confessed, “I was shot and recuperated in a private hospital.
Lindsay saved me.
During that time, we supported each other and didn’t leave the hospital until we had both stabilized.
As for the shooting, I’m still investigating.
”
Neville and Cordell exchanged a look of surprise.
Neville, voice tinged with astonishment, pressed, “You were with Lindsay this entire time? And now you want to divorce Stella?”
He shook his head in disbelief.
“Damn.
Stella must be furious.
”
Matthew was resolute, his tone firm.
“I’m going through with the divorce.
It doesn’t matter whether Stella is angry or not.
”
A nagging suspicion gnawed at Neville’s heart, prompting him to turn to Cordell with a probing question.
“Are there any medical terms that might explain Matthew’s current behavior? Like, has he lost his mind?”
After a brief pause, Cordell’s eyes widened in sudden realization, staring at Matthew as the thought struck him.
“Have you lost your memory?”
Without any hesitation, Matthew declared resolutely, “No way.
I remember everyone and everything; my mind is as clear as crystal.
”
###chapter2154
Upon hearing this, Cordell and Neville exchanged a look of confusion.
It seemed improbable that Matthew had lost his memory.
After all, as he had just affirmed, he remembered everyone in Seamarsh who held any significance to him.
Yet, if his memory was indeed intact, why was Stella treated so differently? She alone bore the brunt of his altered demeanor.
Before Cordell could articulate his thoughts, Matthew dismissed them curtly.
“If there’s nothing more, I’d suggest you leave.
I have work that demands my attention.
”
Neville, puzzled and reluctant, made to question further but was swiftly silenced by Cordell.
A shake of the head and a meaningful glance from Cordell made it clear-it was futile to pursue the matter further.
Resigned, Neville had no option but to relent.
“Alright then.
Take care.
We’re leaving,” Cordell announced, and the two of them exited the office.
As they stepped out, the weight of their unspoken questions hung heavy on Neville.
He couldn’t resist voicing his frustration.
“Why did you stop me? We should dig deeper.
”
Then he turned around and was about to push the door.
Cordell swiftly intercepted him.
“Do you really think he’ll reveal what he’s so determined to hide?”
Neville’s resolve faltered instantly.
Without another word, Cordell walked away, with Neville trailing behind.
After a moment, Neville ventured, “So, you sense something is off with him too, right?”
Silent, Cordell acquiesced to Neville’s inquiry with a nod.
Neville muttered to himself, “But he remembers everyone and everything.
It doesn’t seem like he’s lost his memory at all.
What went wrong? Why did he suddenly want to divorce Stella?”
A new thought struck him.
“Could he be under some threat and trying to protect her?”
As they stepped into the elevator, Cordell, feeling somewhat resigned, suggested, “Instead of letting your imagination run wild, you might as well investigate the private hospital he stayed at in Sothrea and see if you can unearth any leads.
”
Enlightened by the suggestion, Neville responded with a spark of determination, “You’re so smart.
I’m on it.
”
Meanwhile, Lindsay was in her apartment.
Her phone buzzed, and she glanced at the incoming message.
“The medical records from the hospital have been taken care of.
”
Seeing that, a smile of relief spread across her face.
With Matthew’s return, Lucia’s spirits had been lifted.
Her recovery had hastened, and she was soon to be discharged.
On the day of her discharge, Matthew arrived at the hospital to pick up Lucia in person.
###chapter2155
Moments later, Stella entered the room, marking the first time they had encountered each other since his abrupt request for a divorce.
The unexpected reunion in the ward was awkward; both felt a flush of embarrassment but managed to mask their emotions in front of Lucia.
Oblivious to the tension, Lucia beamed, “It’s not a big deal.
I’m getting discharged, and that’s all that matters.
You two are busy; you didn’t need to both come.
”
Stella offered a reassuring smile, gently saying, “You’re the most important to us.
”
Lucia’s smile widened, and she turned to Matthew, who stood quietly beside them.
“Why didn’t you two come in together?” she inquired.
Caught off guard and not adept at deception, Stella instinctively looked toward Matthew, not wanting to upset Lucia with the truth.
Matthew stepped in just in time, smoothing over the moment.
“I’ve been swamped at work, so I’ve taken to sleeping in the office.
That’s why we didn’t arrive together.
”
Lucia frowned, her tone laced with disapproval.
“Why did you sleep in the office? It’s been ages since you spent some quality time with Stella!”
‘s BunnyBookery
Matthew’s face tensed at the reprimand, and he chose not to directly address Lucia’s concerns.
Instead, he stated firmly, “The discharge formalities are complete.
We can leave now.
”
Just then, his phone rang.
Excusing himself, he stepped aside to take the call.
Lucia’s gaze shifted between Matthew and Stella.
It wasn’t until she noticed the faint redness around Stella’s eyes that the realization struck her-something was undeniably amiss between the two.
Lucia hesitated, her thoughts swirling, but she chose to stay silent about it.
Instead, she offered Stella a comforting smile.
“Stella, don’t let it weigh on you.
Matthew’s Likely just swamped with work.
I remember when Waldo was still working; he often spent entire nights at the office too.
”
Stella smiled gently and said with understanding, “I know, Lucia.
The company’s been dealing with a lot lately.
”
Seeing how thoughtful Stella was, Lucia couldn’t help but feel sorry for her.
But in the end, Lucia just sighed and didn’t say anything.
Deep down, Stella was well aware that Matthew was deliberately avoiding her, but the tension that had been gnawing at her for days eased slightly when she discovered he wasn’t living with Lindsay.
They lingered at the hospital until Matthew finally ended his call.
Once they returned home, Lucia gently took Stella’s hand.
“Stella, why don’t you head down to the kitchen and see what the servants have prepared today? I’m in the mood for some fish.
”
Stella, not thinking much of it, obliged and went to the kitchen.
In truth, Lucia had only come up with an excuse to get Stella out of the room.
As soon as Stella was out of earshot, Lucia beckoned Matthew over with a stern expression.
“Are you and Stella at odds?” she asked, her voice firm and unyielding.
Matthew responded calmly, “Grandma, there’s no need to worry.
You’ve just been discharged from the hospital, so rest is what you need right now.
I’ll handle everything else.
”
Seeing his calm demeanor, Lucia realized that persuading him would be futile.
Still, she spoke earnestly.
“I’m not trying to meddle in your affairs.
You know what you’re doing.
But remember this-Stella is a good woman.
When she heard you were missing in Sothrea, she rushed there without hesitation and stayed for half a month.
She could hardly eat or sleep, but she never stopped searching for you.
Please, don’t let her down, okay?”
Matthew replied with a detached nod, “I understand.
”
Lucia, her worry deepening, reached out to grasp his hand.
“Even though it was our decision to arrange the marriage,” she said softly, “we were genuinely pleased to see the love you both share.
”
###chapter2156
Matthew’s brow furrowed, but he remained silent, the weight of her words hanging between them.
Lucia pressed on, her voice firm yet gentle.
“If there’s any rift between you two, clear it up now.
You’re married, after all.
And rest assured, we’ll never forget that Lindsay risked everything to save your life.
We’re committed to doing everything in our power to help her.
This isn’t just your concern; it’s ours too, do you understand?”
Matthew’s brow furrowed further, his mind evidently preoccupied.
Lucia was about to continue when a soft, melodious voice interrupted.
“Grandma, Matthew.
”
Lucia’s gaze lifted, finding Lindsay approaching.
Seated in a wheelchair, Lindsay held a bouquet, and a maid gently guided her into the room.
Lucia’s eyes narrowed with displeasure.
She turned sharply to the maid trailing behind her.
“Why wasn’t I informed that Lindsay had arrived? We could have come down to welcome her properly.
Haven’t you been briefed on the rules here?”
The maid’s face paled with fear, and she scrambled to offer hurried apologies.
Lindsay’s demeanor shifted; she feigned a look of regret as she spoke.
“Please don’t be cross with them, Grandma.
I knew you had just been released from the hospital and wanted to surprise you.
”
Her eyes, however, never strayed far from Matthew’s face.
Lucia’s irritation melted away as she softened, remembering the bond she shared with Lindsay and the life Lindsay had saved.
She quickly crossed the room and took Lindsay’s hand in a warm, affectionate grasp.
“It’s so wonderful to see you.
Since you’re here, please stay and join us for a meal.
”
As Stella entered the room, she saw Lindsay engaged in lively conversation with Lucia, their laughter filling the space, while Matthew lingered quietly at the periphery.
Whenever Lindsay touched on a topic related to Matthew, he responded with genuine interest, his demeanor markedly warmer than the coldness he had shown Stella.
Watching this interaction, Stella felt a pang of breathlessness.
She couldn’t fathom the sudden shift in Matthew’s behavior.
Had he truly fallen for Lindsay?
Matthew seemed to have sensed an intense gaze on him and glanced toward the door.
His eyes met Stella’s.
Unfazed by the notion of eavesdropping, Stella walked in with a leisurely stride.
The smile on Lucia’s face widened upon seeing Stella.
Casting a brief look at Lindsay, Stella addressed Lucia in a gentle voice.
“Lucia, the food is ready.
”
“Okay.
Let’s head downstairs to eat,” Lucia responded warmly.
Without hesitation, Stella stepped forward, assisting Lucia as they began to descend the stairs.
Matthew, pushing Lindsay’s wheelchair, followed closely behind.
As Stella and Lucia made their way down a few steps, Lindsay’s timid voice echoed from behind.
###chapter2157
“Matthew, can you carry me downstairs?”
Stella’s expression briefly stiffened, and a wave of discomfort washed over her.
However, she rationalized Lindsay’s request as reasonable; after all, Lindsay’s disability stemmed from trying to save Matthew.
Torn between conflicting emotions, Stella grew weary of her internal turmoil.
Before Matthew could respond, Lucia turned to Lindsay, offering a solution.
“I’ll have someone install an elevator today to make it easier for you.
”
Lindsay declined quickly.
“No need, Grandma.
I’ll just stay on the ground floor.
I’m not here often, anyway.
”
Then, turning to Matthew with hopeful eyes, she asked again, “Matthew, can you?”
Matthew frowned, memories of the previous discomfort when he had carried Lindsay into the car surfacing.
He hesitated, unsure of how to proceed.
Lindsay’s eyes dimmed with disappointment, but she wasn’t ready to concede.
She opened her mouth to plead once more.
Matthew turned to the bodyguard beside him and instructed firmly, “Carry her downstairs.
My wound reopened a few days ago, and I mustn’t exert any force.
”
The bodyguard, visibly taken aback, hesitated but ultimately nodded in acquiescence.
Lindsay seethed with frustration.
She knew better than anyone that Matthew was only making an excuse.
What irked her even more was her uncertainty-was Matthew distancing himself because Stella was there, or did he genuinely wish to keep his distance from her?
Resigned to the situation and unwilling to cause a spectacle, Lindsay allowed the bodyguard to carry her downstairs.
Uncertain of her standing with the Clark family and how much they tolerated her presence, Lindsay refrained from stirring any trouble during the meal.
Instead, she focused on her food, contributing to a surprisingly harmonious atmosphere.
After lunch, Matthew excused himself to attend to business in his study.
In the living room, Lucia attempted to engage both Stella and Lindsay in conversation.
However, given the strained relations between the two young women, Lucia found herself doing most of the talking.
Having just been discharged from the hospital and after much conversation, she inevitably felt a bit fatigued.
“I’ma little tired.
I’ll go back to my room,” she announced, her voice weary.
Not keen on remaining alone with Lindsay, Stella promptly stood up and offered, “Lucia, I’ll go with you.
”
Before Lucia could respond, Lindsay’s voice cut through the air, calling out to Stella.
“Stella, can I ask a favor?”
Though Stella’s instinct was to decline, Lucia’s presence prompted her to ask cautiously, “What is it?”
“I want to go to the back garden.
Can you push me there?” Lindsay asked softly.
She paused, feigning distress, and then added, “In fact, I have a lot to discuss with you since I returned from Sothrea, but I haven’t found the right moment…”
After enduring so many trials, Stella had grown perpetually vigilant.
She believed she had nothing to discuss with Lindsay and was already concocting an excuse to refuse.
###chapter2158
However, Lucia interjected, “You two should indeed talk.
We are family, and it’s important to communicate openly.
Stella, please go to the garden with Lindsay.
”
Lucia then summoned a servant to assist her upstairs.
Left with no alternative, Stella resignedly agreed to accompany Lindsay.
With a seemingly innocent smile, Lindsay expressed her gratitude.
“Thank you, Stella.
”
Stella gently guided Lindsay toward the back garden.
Unsure of what Lindsay intended to disclose, Stella chose a veil of silence.
It was just after midday; the household staff bustled in the kitchen and the living room.
The gardeners, having tended to their morning duties, were absent, ensuring privacy for the impending confrontation.
Lindsay ventured cautiously, “If I’m correct, Matthew must have broached the topic of divorce with you, hasn’t he?”
Stella halted, her gaze falling to Lindsay who wore an innocent smile, though her words carried a cutting edge.
“Do you know? On the flight back to Seamarsh, he vowed to care for me for the rest of his life.
You must realize the implications of that promise.
”
A flicker of pain crossed Stella’s features as she wrestled with her emotions, striving to maintain composure.
“The Clark family will find someone to heal your legs.
”
“What if my legs can’t be healed?” Lindsay’s voice rose.
“I’ve saved Matthew before, and now, I’ve shattered my legs to protect him again.
How can you continue to live with him and bear his children without a shadow of guilt?”
Lindsay didn’t pause for a reply, her tone sharpening.
“Even if you shamelessly cling to him, I doubt he’ll accept it.
”
Stella’s demeanor crumbled; her body shook with suppressed rage.
Through clenched teeth, she demanded, “What exactly do you want from me?”
Pleased with Stella’s agitation, Lindsay declared triumphantly, “I advise you to come to your senses and seek a divorce swiftly, lest you find yourself the sole subject of ridicule.
”
Stella inhaled deeply, steeling herself against Lindsay’s deliberate provocations.
Determined not to succumb to her manipulations, she steeled her resolve.
With a forced calm, Stella responded in a tone that was neither submissive nor aggressive, “What I share with him is love, genuine and profound.
His feelings for you are merely gratitude.
We will find other ways to repay you as a couple, but we will never compromise our marriage.
”
Lindsay, dismissing Stella’s words with a dismissive smirk, taunted, “Are you certain he still harbors love for you?”
Memories of Matthew’s icy gaze since his return flooded Stella’s mind.
In his eyes, she found no traces of affection-only alienation.
Her fingers clenched, betraying her unease; her expression subtly shifted.
###chapter2159
Observing Stella’s turmoil, Lindsay felt a surge of vindictive satisfaction, knowing how strained Stella’s relationship with Matthew had become.
With a self-satisfied grin, Lindsay pressed on, “So, Stella, you’re desperately clinging to a man who’s already lost his heart to another.
Does this marriage still hold any meaning for you?”
Jolted back to the present by Lindsay’s smirk, Stella’s mind sharpened.
“I will uncover what transpired in Sothrea.
You better hope it’s not related to you.
Furthermore, I am confident that Matthew will never fall for someone else.
My faith in him remains unwavering,” Stella declared with resolute confidence, her voice ringing with the tenor of a declaration of war.
Lindsay, taken aback by Stella’s steadfastness, cursed silently, inwardly scorning Stella as a bitch.
Fueled by frustration, Lindsay was more resolved than ever to break Stella’s resolve.
Casually scanning the garden, Lindsay’s gaze flickered to the uneven cobblestone path, a sinister plan brewing in her mind.
With a stealthy resolve, she shifted her weight abruptly and toppled over, making it appear as though she had been pushed.
In the next breath, both Lindsay and her wheelchair lay sprawled on the ground.
To any onlooker, it would appear as though Stella, standing close by, had shoved her.
Confusion clouded Stella’s expression, unable to fathom Lindsay’s sudden fall.
Instinctively, Stella bent down to assist Lindsay, but as she reached out, her hand was abruptly yanked away.
Caught off-guard by the forceful pull, Stella lost her footing.
Her high heels gave way, causing her to tumble to the cobblestone path.
The fall resulted in a sprained ankle and her elbow scraped painfully against the rough surface.
Before Stella could gather her wits, Matthew’s voice, laced with concern, cut through the air.
“Are you okay?”
Stella was stunned, her world spinning as the cold truth dawned on her—-Matthew’s concern wasn’t for her, but for Lindsay.
What pained her even more was that Matthew was the one who had shoved her to the ground.
She lifted her gaze, disbelief coursing through her, only to witness Matthew bending down to assist Lindsay into her wheelchair.
His hands were tender, almost reverent, and his voice dripped with concern, each word a dagger to Stella’s heart.
“How are you feeling? Are you hurt?”
Lindsay, her eyes glistening with unshed tears, whimpered, “My arm.
it hurts.
”
Then, like a lamb caught in the wolf’s glare, she cast a frightened look at Stella, her lips trembling as she quickly shook her head.
“But it’s fine.
I fell on my own.
It wasn’t Stella’s fault.
”
She looked as though she feared Stella might devour her whole if she said otherwise.
Only then did Matthew’s gaze shift, cold and accusing, toward Stella.
###chapter2160
The iciness in his eyes was a blow that nearly knocked the wind out of her.
It was clear-he didn’t believe Lindsay’s claim of innocence on her part.
His cold stare cut through Stella like a blade, but she pushed through the pain, her voice trembling as she tried to explain.
“I didn’t push her.
I have no reason to harm her.
”
But Matthew’s gaze remained steely, devoid of warmth, as if her words were nothing more than echoes in the wind.
In that crushing instant, Stella knew-he didn’t just suspect her; he had already judged and condemned her.
The weight of this realization pulled her heart into a dark abyss.
Lindsay, looking as fragile as a porcelain doll, piped up through gritted teeth, “Perhaps the wheelchair slipped.
Stella really didn’t mean to hurt me.
She has no reason to.
”
Matthew’s eyes narrowed as he snapped at Stella.
“Lindsay’s still learning to manage the wheelchair.
She needs help wherever she goes.
”
A bitter smile twisted Stella’s lips as she bit back, “In your eyes, am I truly such a monster?”
“Don’t ask me.
I don’t know you well,” Matthew replied indifferently.
“Ask your own conscience.
”
Lindsay, savoring the discord she had sown between them, could barely contain her glee.
When she was certain no one was watching, she allowed herself a small, triumphant smile.
Tears welled in Stella’s eyes, the pain of Matthew’s distrust far outweighing the ache in her body.
Clinging desperately to the last thread of hope, she asked, her voice trembling like a leaf in the wind, “We’ve loved each other for so long.
And now you say you don’t know me well? Was it all a lie?”
Lindsay, alarmed that Stella might mention too much of their past, hurriedly intervened, her voice urgent as she pleaded, “Matthew, please, don’t blame her.
My arm is bleeding, and it hurts so much.
Can you help me with the wound?”
Matthew’s expression softened as he nodded at Lindsay, his tone gentle.
“Alright.
Let’s go.
”
He began to push Lindsay’s wheelchair, his attention solely on her as they moved to leave.
But as they passed Stella, Matthew delivered a final, cold blow.
“Sign the divorce papers.
I don’t want to see you again.
”
Hearing this, Lindsay’s smile grew wider, satisfaction curling in her heart.
Her plan was working flawlessly.
With each calculated move, she was driving a deeper wedge between Matthew and Stella.
Once the divorce was final, she was certain Matthew would be hers.
Stella watched their retreating figures, her strength crumbling as she collapsed onto the ground, her heart shattering into a million irreparable pieces.
Matthew’s heartless words echoed in her mind, and the tears flowed freely, her sobs wracking her body like a storm.
There was no longer any reason to pretend.
The man she had once known had vanished-replaced by a stranger, cold and merciless.
###chapter2161
Just then, a maid came rushing over, a medical kit clutched tightly in her hands.
Seeing Stella still sprawled on the ground, the maid rushed to her side, gently helping her to her feet.
Stella, choking back her pain, managed a polite thank you, her voice barely above a whisper.
The maid’s eyes widened with concern as she noticed the blood trickling down Stella’s leg.
“Mrs.
Clark, your leg is bleeding.
Please, let me tend to it.
”
Stella glanced downward, her eyes catching the jagged wound inflicted by the stone.
Despite the pain, her desire for solace outweighed her concern.
“No need.
I’m leaving.
If Lucia inquires about me, tell her I must attend to something in my studio.
”
As she turned to leave, the maid finally noticed the crimson stain blooming across Stella’s dress, marring the fabric with soil from the garden and her own blood.
“Mrs.
Clark, you really should change first.
Look, your dress is stained,” the maid implored urgently.
Upon seeing the stains, Stella’s brow furrowed in frustration.
After a moment’s hesitation, she acquiesced and followed the maid upstairs to find cleaner attire.
Meanwhile, in the living room, Lindsay and Matthew shared a quiet moment together.
Another maid, holding the medical kit, knelt to tend to Lindsay’s wound.
“Wait,” Lindsay interrupted gently.
The maid froze, swab in hand.
Lindsay cast a pitiful glance at Matthew.
“Matthew, could you please tend to my wound?”
Matthew’s lips tightened as he contemplated her request.
After a brief silence, he nodded in agreement.
He took the swab and approached Lindsay, who couldn’t help but feel a surge of triumph.
However, just as Matthew was about to kneel before her, his phone shattered the silence, slicing through the tense atmosphere.
It was Neville.
With a resigned sigh, Matthew handed the swab back to the maid and turned to Lindsay.
“It’s about work.
Let the maid assist you.
If it feels too uncomfortable, I’ll take you to the hospital for a checkup later,” he explained hastily.
Though Lindsay was seething inside, she masked her irritation with a facade of understanding.
“OK.
Go ahead.
I won’t stand in your way,” she murmured softly.
Matthew nodded once more and retreated to his room without another word.
The moment he was out of sight, the pretense fell away from Lindsay’s face, leaving behind a stark scowl.
Back in his bedroom, Matthew picked up the phone to resume his disrupted call.
Earlier, he had attempted to reach Neville with a pressing question but to no avail.
Perhaps Neville had been preoccupied at that moment.
Now, Neville called back.
As soon as Matthew connected the call, Neville’s voice came through casually.
“What’s up? What can I do for you, Mr.
Clark?”
With straightforward urgency, Matthew inquired, “Were Stella and I close before?”
###chapter2162
In the bathroom, Stella had just changed her clothes and was on the verge of stepping out when she caught the sound of Matthew’s voice.
Startled and slightly anxious, she paused.
The next moment, she heard her own name escape from Matthew’s Lips.
Instinctively, she halted, her curiosity piqued, wanting to eavesdrop.
However, all she could make out was Matthew’s intermittent affirmatives, “Yes… Yes…”
Confused and slightly deflated, Stella sighed, unable to decipher what troubled Matthew.
Just then, a knock at the bedroom door jolted her.
The maid’s voice followed.
“Mrs.
Clark? I’m coming in.
”
Without waiting for a response, the maid pushed the door open.
Her eyes widened in surprise at the scene before her.
“Mr.
Clark… You…”
The sight of Matthew’s austere expression sent a shiver of fear through her.
She stammered, trying to explain, “I… Mrs.
Clark…”
She was hurt… She came inside to change her clothes.
Hearing the maid’s nervous explanation, Matthew turned sharply toward the bathroom door.
Inside, Stella felt cornered and desperate, knowing she could no longer avoid confrontation.
With a resigned determination, she opened the door and stepped out.
As the bathroom door swung open, Matthew’s intense gaze met Stella’s immediately.
Taking a deep breath to steady herself, Stella spoke with forced calmness.
“My dress was stained, so I came here to change.
I didn’t mean to eavesdrop.
”
Matthew remained silent, his stare unwavering and piercing.
The maid, sensing the palpable tension between them, was too frightened to move.
Stella, noticing her discomfort, handed her the stained dress and said softly, “You can go out now.
”
Relieved, the maid quickly exited the room, closing the bedroom door behind her with a quiet click, leaving them enveloped in a tense silence.
Stella gathered her courage, her voice steady despite the turmoil inside.
“Matthew, I think we need to talk.
”
Matthew hung up the phone without a trace of emotion and responded indifferently, “It’s unnecessary.
”
Stella felt dizzy as the words hit her.
###chapter2163
She pressed her lips together, her heart aching more than anything else.
Taking a deep breath to hold back her tears, she looked directly at the man and asked, “Matthew, do you think I pushed Lindsay?”
Matthew gave Stella a cold look and said plainly, “I trust what I saw.
”
He stood up and headed for the door without saying anything else.
“Wait,” Stella called out, her voice filled with desperation.
Matthew stopped but didn’t turn to face her.
Fighting back the pain, Stella continued, “Are you really serious about the divorce? Is it because Lindsay saved you, or is there another reason? I’m giving you one last chance to be honest.
”
After speaking, Stella kept her eyes on Matthew, but all she could see was his back.
He stood silent and unmoving, his back turned to her, while the room fell into a heavy, eerie silence.
Suddenly, he remembered the conversation he had with Neville earlier.
He wanted to say he was serious about the divorce but couldn’t voice them out.
His chest felt tight and suffocating.
Stella waited for an answer that never came, growing more disappointed with each passing moment.
Sometimes, silence speaks the loudest.
A bitter smile appeared on her lips as she realized Matthew was firm in his decision to divorce.
Taking a deep breath, Stella forced herself to stay calm and said, “I understand.
”
This time, she didn’t wait for Matthew to reply.
She walked past him, skipping the living room, and went straight out the back door to her car.
Sitting in the driver’s seat, Stella rolled up all the windows and took a deep, slow breath.
She leaned back, closed her eyes, and sank into deep thought.
During the brief time she spent with Matthew in the room, Stella noticed his eyes were calm and composed, just as they had been when she first met him.
Stella couldn’t understand why Matthew had changed so much.
She opened her eyes again, now clear and determined.
Realizing she no longer belonged there, Stella saw no reason to stay.
###chapter2164
Clenching her teeth in frustration, she started her car and drove away quickly.
Meanwhile, in the living room, Lindsay sat by the panoramic windows, her face cold as she watched Stella’s car fade into the distance.
She thoughtfully touched her leg, her gaze intense.
Upstairs, Matthew stayed in his spot long after Stella had gone.
He was overwhelmed with mixed emotions, but couldn’t pinpoint the reason.
Stella’s every move and glance had shaken him to his core.
He couldn’t fathom why a woman he was only married to on paper had such a strong impact on him.
After a brief pause, Matthew took out his phone and dialed Cordell.
They had a quick chat, and Matthew ended the call.
As he was about to leave the room, something in his peripheral vision caught his attention.
The room had a few typical couple’s items, likely few because the owner rarely stayed there.
Even with the sparse belongings, all the essentials were there.
The style of the items was clearly not his.
That left only one other person they could belong to-Stella.
Matthew dismissed the odd sensation and made his way downstairs.
Lindsay had just finished tending to her injury when she noticed Matthew coming down the stairs.
Her expression brightened, and she suggested gently, “Matthew, are you done with work? How about we take a coffee break?”
Matthew glanced at her briefly and responded coolly, “No, I’m still occupied.
”
Disappointment was evident on Lindsay’s face.
“Stay here with Grandma and Grandpa for the time being,” Matthew added.
“If you decide to go back later, the driver can take you.
”
He then began to walk away.
Concerned, Lindsay quickly inquired, “Are you heading back to the office, Matthew?”
He nodded in confirmation.
“Since I’ve returned home after finishing my studies abroad, I’ve been working as your assistant.
If there’s anything I can do, just tell me,” Lindsay said.
The term “assistant” triggered a sharp pain in Matthew’s head.
Suddenly, he was overwhelmed by a mix of familiar and unfamiliar memories.
He tried to concentrate, but the headache made it difficult to think clearly.
###chapter2165
Noticing Matthew’s struggle, Lindsay called out softly, “Matthew?”
He momentarily closed his eyes to suppress the painful images, and then replied emotionlessly, “No need, I can handle it myself.
”
With that, he hurried off.
Lindsay watched Matthew’s determined departure, her heart sinking.
She tightly clenched her fists, her face falling.
As he vanished from view, she silently vowed to herself that she would prevent any reconciliation between Matthew and Stella.
Matthew left the Clark family home and went directly to meet Cordell.
He had felt something amiss with his memory, and recalling the last visit by Cordell and Neville to his office, he had called Cordell and arranged this meeting to clarify matters.
They had agreed to meet at Cordell’s apartment, where Neville was also present.
Cordell was aware that Matthew wanted to meet but didn’t know why.
Upon seeing Matthew’s grave expression upon arrival, Cordell and Neville exchanged glances of concern.
Neville questioned casually, “What’s going on? You don’t look too good.
”
Cordell, sensing the gravity of the situation, asked with a serious tone, “Did something trigger a memory for you?”
Neville immediately straightened, his face taking on a solemn expression as he intently awaited Matthew’s answer.
Matthew glanced at both Cordell and Neville, and then scrunched his brow and said, “I think there’s a glitch in my memory.
”
The revelation visibly stunned both Cordell and Neville.
Neville was so taken aback that he struggled to articulate his thoughts.
Cordell, maintaining better composure than Neville, asked firmly, “What kind of problem? Could you elaborate?”
For the first time, Matthew’s demeanor showed signs of defeat.
He massaged his temples and explained tiredly, “In my recollections, I feel nothing for Stella, and I’ve been searching for ways to end our marriage, but…”
He paused, drawing a deep breath to compose himself, and then continued, “Based on what you two have been saying, it appears I’m deeply in love with Stella.
”
Neville looked stunned and said, “I had a feeling you had amnesia! There’s something in medicine called selective amnesia.
It sounds a lot like what you’re going through…”
Before he could finish his thought, a more urgent concern came to mind.
With a touch of frustration, Cordell asked, “Did you forget what you found out?”
Neville scratched his head and said, “No, I haven’t forgotten… The investigation shows that Matthew has no record of any brain injury in Sothrea.
”
###chapter2166
His confusion grew as he said, “This is all so strange.
What’s really happening with Matthew?”
Neville then stared at Matthew, who met his gaze with a piercing, distant stare.
Cordell quickly stepped in to explain, “Matthew, don’t take it the wrong way.
Neville and I noticed you’d been acting strangely since you came back, so we went ahead and checked your medical records in Sothrea.
”
Matthew pressed his lips together and fell into deep thought.
Cordell continued, asking, “Did the doctors in Sothrea ever talk to you about your condition?”
Matthew nodded and said, “The doctor told me I was in shock and might experience some memory confusion, but it should clear up over time.
That’s why I never thought I had amnesia; I just figured it was part of the shock.
”
Cordell’s brow furrowed deeply as he said, “I think we need to get you examined again to find out the truth.
”
Neville nodded in agreement.
“Yes, that seems like the only option now.
”
Matthew nodded quietly, accepting the suggestion without saying more.
Meanwhile, at a bar…
After leaving the Clark family home, Stella was uncertain about where to go next.
She felt out of place at the Clark family home, and every spot in the Prosper Bay villa was filled with memories of her time with Matthew.
She couldn’t bear to stay there alone.
Looking for a change of scenery, she decided to head to a bar and invited Miley to join her for a drink.
Miley was still missing, Leaving Stella alone in a quiet booth.
She began ordering drink after drink, trying to drown her worries.
Before long, she lost count of how many she’d had, focusing only on getting as drunk as possible.
She hoped that drinking herself into a daze might make her forget about Matthew and ease her worries about the divorce.
She kept pouring herself drink after drink.
Then, out of the blue, someone appeared next to her.
Stella didn’t notice who had come in.
Assuming it was Miley, she poured a glass of wine, slid it across the table, and mumbled, “You’re late.
Three glasses as a penalty.
Drink up!”
After a moment, she realized Miley hadn’t even touched the glass.
A deep, steady male voice suddenly broke in.
“Your hand is injured, and you’re still drinking?”
Stella’s heart skipped a beat as she heard the voice.
She quickly looked up, startled, and saw a tall, commanding figure.
###chapter2167
Her gaze moved upward to a distinguished, handsome face.
Sanford?
Stella’s eyes widened in shock as she said, “What are you doing here?”
Sanford’s eyes sparkled as he teased, “I’d hate to miss watching you try to drink away your troubles.
”
Stella chuckled nervously.
Without saying more, Sanford took a seat beside Stella and waved for a waiter.
“Can I assist you, sir?” the waiter asked kindly.
Sanford looked at Stella’s hurt hand and replied, “Could you bring some rubbing alcohol and a bandage, please?”
Following Sanford’s gaze, Stella noticed the wound on her hand, immediately grasping his intention.
Yet, her feelings were in turmoil at that instant.
Seeing her injury, she could not help but recall the incident at the Clark family home.
Matthew used to panic over even the tiniest cut, insisting on a trip to the hospital.
But those days were long gone…
Bitterness washed over her.
While she was deep in her thoughts, the waiter had already set down everything required to tend to the wound.
Snapping back to reality, Stella responded with a polite yet distant tone, “It’s just a small cut; it’s nothing to worry about.
”
Sanford replied sincerely, “While a hand injury might seem trivial to most, for a woman and a designer, even a small wound can be significant.
”
Stella began to speak in protest, but no words came to her.
Sanford offered a comforting smile, and then looked at Stella with intent and gently suggested, “If it is alright with you, may I assist in dressing it?”
A bit lightheaded from the drinks, Stella thought she caught a trace of affection in Sanford’s eyes.
She averted her gaze and promptly refused, saying, “No, it’s fine.
I can handle it myself.
”
Sanford nodded and passed Stella the first aid supplies with respect.
Stella opened the package and carefully used an alcohol-soaked cotton swab to clean the wound.
As Stella tended to her injury, Sanford’s expression darkened.
He then broke the silence with a casual tone.
“I heard Matthew has returned?”
###chapter2168
Stella paused briefly before replying softly, “Yes, he has been back for a few days.
”
Sanford, watching Stella’s profile closely, probed further, “Are things difficult between you two?”
His words struck a nerve, and Stella shot him a frown.
Sanford looked at the drinks scattered on the table, offering an apologetic smile as he explained, “I saw you drinking alone.
Most people only do that when they’re nursing some emotional pain.
Besides, if everything was alright, Matthew would not have let you come to a bar by yourself, right?”
His perception left Stella without a response.
She lowered her gaze, tending to her wound with a casual air, and murmured, “You’re overthinking it.
”
Once the wound was cleaned, she gently applied a bandage over it.
With that done, she glanced back at Sanford, offering a polite smile.
“Thank you.
”
Sanford raised an eyebrow slightly.
“No need to thank me.
I rarely get an opportunity to be of service to you.
”
Stella’s expression tightened, not in the mood to engage with him.
She cut straight to the chase.
“Why do you have such an interest in me?”
Swirling his drink, Sanford locked eyes with Stella.
After a brief pause, he smiled, downed his drink in one swift motion, and set the glass down.
Stella’s frown grew more pronounced, but before she could pose another question, Sanford spoke up once more.
With an intense gaze fixed on Stella, he posed a rhetorical question.
“What do you think motivates a man to show interest in a woman? Are there other reasons you can think of?”
This statement left Stella feeling oddly composed.
She detected no genuine sentiment in Sanford’s words, reinforcing her belief that Matthew’s earlier counsel to keep her distance was wise.
It was evident that Sanford had hidden agendas.
The mere thought of Matthew made it hard for her to breathe once more.
Her face went pale as she suppressed her emotions and responded with a formal tone, “I appreciate your attention, Mr.
Quimby, but I am married.
”
Sanford smiled with understanding.
He then stood, adjusted his jacket, and said with assurance, “Life is long.
I just hope you will consider the possibility of giving me a chance someday.
”
After saying that, Sanford glanced toward the door.
He paused before continuing, “I believe your friend has arrived.
I’ll leave you to it.
”
He then signaled a waiter and said firmly, “Put it on my tab, but no more drinks for them.
Two ladies alone must take care.
”
###chapter2169
With thoughtful arrangements made, he turned and departed.
Stella watched him leave and frowned in silence.
Miley arrived at the bar just as Sanford was exiting.
They exchanged silent looks.
Sanford nodded and smiled in greeting; then he continued on his way without saying anything.
Miley didn’t dwell on the encounter.
She entered, searching for Stella.
Spotting Stella, she beamed, hurried over, and sat down next to her.
Without a word, Miley grabbed a glass of wine and took a large sip, and then exhaled sharply before saying, “I know why Matthew has been acting so strangely.
”
Stella’s heart raced.
She quickly said, “Why?”
Miley took a moment to compose herself, locked eyes with Stella, and said solemnly, “Be ready.
”
Stella’s anxiety heightened.
She clutched Miley’s hand, furrowed her brow, and insisted, “Tell me!”
Miley then revealed the truth, saying, “Matthew has lost his memory!”
“What?” Stella was stunned, disbelief written all over her face.
“But he remembers everyone.
How could he lose his memory?”
“I’m not sure.
Neville told me,” Miley explained hastily.
“Neville also mentioned that Matthew said his last memory of you is from around the time of demanding a divorce from you.
”
Stella reflected for a moment and responded, “When I had just returned from abroad, he interacted with me as Maverick, right? Back then, he sometimes mentioned wanting a divorce.
”
Miley nodded and said, “Yes, that means he doesn’t recall anything that happened between you afterward.
”
Stella was speechless, overwhelmed by the revelation.
How was it possible? How could Matthew only forget their journey of falling in love?
After Matthew returned from Sothrea, Stella sensed a change in his demeanor.
He seemed reminiscent of the time they were getting a divorce.
The more Stella pondered it, the more inconceivable it seemed, leaving her speechless.
Miley, brimming with excitement, said, “Cordell plans to conduct a thorough examination on Matthew.
Once they confirm his memory loss, they’ll know precisely how to address it.
”
Miley let out a sigh of relief and smiled.
“I’ve told you already.
Matthew loves you deeply.
He wouldn’t consider divorce without a significant reason.
”
Stella remained quiet, her eyes empty and glazed.
That was when Miley realized something was amiss.
She asked with concern, “What’s wrong, Stella? Aren’t you relieved? Matthew hasn’t fallen for someone else.
He’s merely forgotten the details of your relationship temporarily.
”
###chapter2170
Initially, Stella was in shock and struggled to accept the news.
Now, she felt fear and anxiety.
She voiced her fears, saying, “What if Matthew never regains his memory? Bella and I also lost part of our memories, and despite numerous treatments, we never fully recovered them…”
The more she spoke, the more frightened she became.
She realized that her greatest fear was not that Matthew didn’t love her, but that he might completely forget her.
Miley was at a loss for words.
She paused, taken aback, and then tried to reassure Stella, saying, “No, Stella.
That won’t happen.
Trust in the power of recovery.
Matthew’s case is different from yours and Bella’s.
Plus, you and Matthew share countless memorable moments.
He won’t forget that for long.
”
Stella glanced at the bandage on her hand and gave a bitter smile.
“Really?”
Seeing Stella so downcast, Miley’s heart hurt.
She embraced Stella and softly said, “Stella, stay positive.
Have faith in him.
Remember when we didn’t even know if Matthew was alive? You just hoped he was still out there.
Now he’s back, only missing some memories.
There’s definitely a chance he’ll recover!”
Stella snapped back to reality.
Indeed, her initial wish had been merely for Matthew to be alive.
That wish had come true.
He was back.
How could she ask for more?
She released Miley and said firmly, “Thank you, Miley.
I understand now.
I’ll perk up.
”
After leaving the bar, Stella headed straight for Prosper Bay.
It was still early, so she prepared some soup and Matthew’s favorite dishes.
By evening, she had completed everything.
She found herself in an exceptionally good mood.
She packed up the food and drove to Prosperity Group.
She had informed Fernando of her visit, so he was waiting for her by the elevator when she arrived.
Upon seeing Stella, Fernando promptly greeted her, “Mrs.
Clark.
”
Stella smiled and inquired, “Is he still at the office?”
Fernando nodded, and then added hastily, “Mr.
Clark has been putting in extra hours since returning from Sothrea.
He’s been sleeping in his office every night.
Don’t worry.
”
Hearing this, Stella was taken aback.
Don’t worry? Why would she be worried?
But then she caught the uneasy look on Fernando’s face and realized he was subtly informing her that Matthew hadn’t been staying with Lindsay.
###chapter2171
Relieved, Stella expressed her gratitude, saying, “Thank you.
You’ve been working hard lately.
Head home early today.
”
“Of course, Mrs.
Clark.
If you need anything, just call me,” Fernando replied with his usual respect.
Stella nodded and watched him leave.
Then she stepped into the elevator.
Shortly after, the elevator reached the floor where Matthew’s office was located.
Noticing the office door slightly open, Stella gently pushed it and stepped inside.
Matthew, assuming it was Fernando, didn’t look up and asked indifferently, “What now?”
Before he heard a response, a food container appeared before his eyes.
Startled, Matthew looked up instinctively and saw Stella’s bare face.
He paused, momentarily captivated by her beauty, before regaining his composure.
He furrowed his brow and inquired, “Why are you here?”
Ignoring his question, she opened the food container and methodically arranged the dishes before him.
Matthew watched her silently, the unfamiliar feelings within him intensifying.
Stella ladled some soup and said, “You always loved the soup I made.
I started it this afternoon.
Try it and see if it’s just as you remember.
”
She then placed the bowl of soup before Matthew.
The savory scent of the soup filled the air, gently steaming and enveloping the room in warmth.
It brought a cozy feeling that touched Matthew.
Matthew, who had gone the entire afternoon without eating, hadn’t initially felt hungry.
However, the rich aroma of the soup quickly awakened his appetite.
He glanced at Stella, feeling slightly embarrassed, and hesitated to reach for the bowl.
Noticing his hesitation, Stella didn’t show any signs of disappointment.
Instead, her eyes lit up with hope as she gently asked, “Aren’t you going to try it? Or can you judge its quality just by looking?”
Unease briefly flickered across Matthew’s face.
After a moment’s pause, he reached for the soup, offering a polite “Thank you.
”
He then started to sip the soup slowly.
The delicious flavor of the soup exploded in his mouth, the warmth of the broth spreading down his throat and warming his heart deeply.
To his own astonishment, he found himself enjoying the soup immensely.
In his memory, he had disliked soup.
Back when he first returned to the Clark household, Lucia rarely served soup.
But Stella’s cooking didn’t repel him; instead, he felt a surprising addiction to it.
Suddenly, Stella spoke up.
“Matthew.
”
###chapter2172
His heart inexplicably began to thump faster.
The simple sound of her saying his name seemed to pull at his heartstrings.
He looked up, locking eyes with her directly.
Seeing him halfway through the bowl, Stella decided to break the Lingering silence.
Firmly holding his gaze, she declared, “I know everything.
I’ll be right here to help you find your memories, just as you were there for me when I needed to find my family.
”
Hearing her words, Matthew instantly became more alert.
His heart continued to beat rapidly, now fueled by a surge of clarity.
Once again, he realized he had lost his composure in front of Stella.
He detested the sensation of his consciousness slipping from his grasp.
Matthew quickly reclaimed his customary aloofness.
With a slight frown, he set the bowl aside and stated coolly, “No thanks.
It’s getting late.
You should head back now.
Let’s not do this again.
”
Under ordinary circumstances, if Stella had been oblivious to the truth, she would have felt crushed and sorrowful upon hearing Matthew’s dismissal.
She would have turned and left without a word.
But not today.
She grasped the nuances of his mood shifts, recognizing the deep-seated frustration and misery that came with his memory loss.
Therefore, she stayed put.
Stella walked around the desk and moved closer to Matthew.
They stood so near that the subtle scents they each carried mingled in the air between them.
Locking eyes with him, Stella persisted.
“When you were missing, I prayed relentlessly, night and day.
The only thing that mattered was your safe return.
Now that you’re here, even without your memories, I’m not frightened.
I’m here to face these challenges with you.
”
She then took his hand, their skin warming upon contact.
Continuing, she said, “Please, don’t let go of our marriage.
Once you recover your memories, everything will sort itself out.
With the advancements in medicine today, I’m confident there’s a way.
”
Matthew’s expression hardened as he gazed intently at the woman before him.
His gaze drifted from Stella’s face to their intertwined hands.
Suddenly, he felt a powerful urge.
Two conflicting voices echoed in his mind.
One whispered to him to draw her close, to embrace her and kiss her with fervor.
The other voice coldly urged him to pursue a divorce, labeling their marriage as emotionless and advising him to end it swiftly.
###chapter2173
Matthew’s face suddenly went pale.
He gripped his head in agony, pounding on it as if to silence the intrusive voices.
Stella was alarmed.
She gazed at Matthew, perplexed and concerned.
“What’s wrong with you? Are you feeling sick? Should I call Fernando to take you to the hospital?”
Then she remembered Fernando was off duty.
Stella’s anxiety peaked, nearly bringing her to tears.
She quickly grabbed Matthew’s arm, attempting to help him stand, but he was too heavy for her to move.
As Matthew’s condition seemed to worsen, Stella grew increasingly desperate, unsure of what to do.
Suddenly, the office door swung open.
Startled, Stella immediately looked toward the door.
Her expression shifted slightly upon seeing who it was.
Lindsay entered, seated in a wheelchair, pushed by a maid.
Upon observing the scene, Lindsay’s brows furrowed, and she shot an icy glare at Stella, demanding angrily, “What are you doing? What did you do to Matthew?”
Stella composed herself and ignored Lindsay, instead addressing the maid urgently, saying, “Please help me.
Something is seriously wrong with Matthew.
We need to get him to the hospital!”
The maid hesitated, glancing at Lindsay for direction, intimidated by her stern expression.
Stella, driven by her anxiety, raised her voice, saying, “Matthew is your boss.
He signs your checks.
Can’t you see what’s more important here?”
The maid was torn, fearful of upsetting Lindsay, yet aware of her duty to Matthew, and moved to assist.
However, Lindsay interjected sharply, “Stop.
”
The maid froze, uncertain of her next move.
Lindsay then instructed, “Push me over there.
I know how to calm him down.
”
Without a word, the maid complied and maneuvered Lindsay closer.
Lindsay pushed Stella aside, taking her place.
Stella, caught off balance, steadied herself against a bookshelf.
Though infuriated, she knew Matthew’s well-being was paramount.
Silently seething, she watched closely as Lindsay approached Matthew.
Lindsay began to soothe Matthew, patting his back gently and whispering, “Matthew, it’s me… Matthew…”
###chapter2174
She called out to him several times, but there was no response.
Stella knew they couldn’t delay any longer.
She quickly called Cordell for assistance.
At the same time, she noticed Lindsay taking out a bottle of medicine and preparing some pills for Matthew.
Stella seized Lindsay’s wrist and demanded coldly, “What are these for?”
“These were prescribed by doctors in Sothrea for Matthew after his injury.
They’re the only thing that helps,” Lindsay retorted, pulling her hand away.
Stella sensed there was more to the story.
She immediately ed, “No.
We’re taking him to the hospital.
He can take those pills if the doctor approves.
”
Lindsay responded impatiently and sarcastically, “You might have time to wait, but Matthew doesn’t.
See how much pain he’s in? He might die before we even get to the hospital.
Stella, what are you really trying to do?”
Stella opened her mouth to respond but fell silent, as Matthew indeed appeared to be in severe distress.
Lindsay glanced at Stella dismissively and said, “Why would I harm Matthew? Seriously? If you really don’t trust me, go ahead and test the rest of the pills!”
Lindsay’s tone was defiant, showing no sign of worry.
Stella examined her closely.
Although she found nothing overtly suspicious, her instincts told her something was amiss.
After a moment of consideration, Stella grabbed the bottle from Lindsay.
“What are you doing?” Lindsay asked, her voice filled with anxiety.
Stella didn’t reply.
Instead, she scrutinized the label on the bottle, yet nothing seemed amiss.
Lindsay said deliberately, “What’s wrong? Do you see anything unusual?”
Stella remained firm in her gut feeling.
She insisted, “Regardless, we’re going to the hospital first.
I won’t let him take these pills just Like that.
”
“I’ve told you they were prescribed by doctors.
What are you accusing me of? Do you want to be responsible for harming Matthew?” Lindsay posed the question sharply.
Stella’s bottled-up frustration finally erupted into anger.
She couldn’t contain it any longer.
She fixed Lindsay with a cold stare and said, “I am Matthew’s wife.
I have every right to be suspicious of a woman who suddenly gives my husband unknown pills!”
Lindsay paused for a moment, her heart seething with anger.
Before she could react, Stella had already maneuvered her aside and returned to Matthew’s side.
Stella gently cradled Matthew’s face in her hands, her eyes filled with concern, her voice tinged with urgency.
“Matthew? Come on, focus on me, clear your mind.
Don’t worry, Cordell is on his way.
Matthew… keep looking at me…”
From her wheelchair, Lindsay watched the scene unfold, her resentment deepening.
###chapter2175
As Stella softly spoke to him, Matthew slowly began to regain his composure, and his complexion started to improve.
Noticing his improvement, Stella’s face lit up with relief.
Tears welled in her eyes, and her voice trembled as she asked, “Feeling a little better? Need some water?”
She then stood up to fetch him a glass of water.
Matthew inhaled deeply.
By the time he looked up again, his eyes were clear.
‘s BunnyBookery
Just then, Stella returned with the water.
She attempted to help him drink, lifting the glass to his Lips.
Matthew immediately pulled back, his brow furrowing.
Stella halted, the glass still suspended in the air.
Ignoring Stella, Matthew turned toward Lindsay and questioned, “Why are you still up? What are you doing here?”
Quickly putting on a face of innocence, Lindsay responded softly, “I knew you tend to skip meals when busy, so I prepared some of your favorite dishes.
”
At that moment, Matthew noticed the maid beside her holding a food container.
Lindsay continued, “I came in and saw you struggling with a headache.
Why the sudden pain?”
She paused, casting a glance at Stella, and then added sarcastically, “I was about to give you some medication when I saw how much pain you were in, but Stella wouldn’t let you have any, making you suffer all this while.
”
Before she could complete her statement, Matthew interjected, “You should rest; there’s no need to bring me food.
I’m well cared for here.
”
Lindsay’s face momentarily showed a flash of embarrassment.
Matthew had not only interrupted her but had also disregarded her comments about Stella.
Feeling wounded, Lindsay’s voice broke as tears welled up in her eyes.
“My Legs don’t work; I can’t do much.
Is it too much to ask to cook for you? What’s the purpose of my life if I can’t even do that?”
Matthew’s expression darkened, his response a bit harsh as he said, “I didn’t mean it that way.
”
Tears streamed down Lindsay’s cheeks as she said in despair, “I crossed a line, didn’t I? You have Stella to look after you.
I shouldn’t have intruded.
It won’t happen again.
I’ll leave now.
”
She then instructed the maid, “Let’s go, and take the food container with us.
”
As the maid moved to assist Lindsay with her wheelchair, she noted Lindsay’s pallid complexion and quickly said to Matthew, “Mr.
Clark, it’s really difficult for Miss Wheeler to get around, and she spent all afternoon preparing these dishes.
Perhaps you could try some.
.
”
Lindsay interjected, “Stop, let’s not make a scene.
Let’s go.
I don’t want to be a burden here.
”
Stella’s face tightened with displeasure as she observed Lindsay’s masterful portrayal of distress.
###chapter2176
Lindsay’s face, etched with sorrow, was so convincingly sad that it was hard to believe her fall in the garden was a deliberate act.
At that moment, Matthew’s voice cut through the awkward silence.
“Leave the food container here.
I’ll eat later.
”
Lindsay, her eyes still damp from crying, turned to Matthew with a look of quiet despair.
“Matthew, you don’t need to feel sorry for me.
”
“It’s not about feeling sorry,” Matthew said, his tone steady and warm.
“I’m just concerned that you’re worn out and it’s getting late.
I’ll drive you home.
No need to trouble yourself with bringing me food again, alright?
Lindsay quickly brushed away her tears and gave a soft, reassuring smile.
“I was hurt earlier and couldn’t sleep.
I was worried you hadn’t eaten, so I brought you some food.
”
The exchange made everyone recall what happened in the garden earlier.
Stella’s expression fell as she felt the weight of suspicion.
Revealing the surveillance footage would only stir trouble and distress the elders.
If Matthew truly cared about the facts, he would have watched the footage himself.
This realization deepened Stella’s frustration.
Matthew stood up abruptly, his jacket swinging from his fingers.
He cast a cold glance at Stella and said, “Don’t come back to Prosperity Group.
This is a place for business, not your playground.
”
Without another word, he turned and maneuvered Lindsay toward the door, leaving Stella in his wake.
Stella watched, feeling a mix of helplessness and frustration, as Lindsay looked up and smiled sweetly at Matthew.
When Lindsay lowered her eyes, she shot Stella a self-satisfied smile over her shoulder, clearly relishing the attention Matthew was giving her as he escorted her out.
Stella’s gaze fell to the desk, where the soup had congealed into a cold, unappetizing mess.
Tears blurred her vision.
She had been certain she could manage Matthew’s amnesia and quickly mend their strained relationship.
Yet, she had failed to account for Lindsay’s disruptive presence.
The harsh reality of Lindsay’s condition was undeniable, and it was a burden that would remain Matthew’s to bear.
Stella’s thoughts churned with anxiety: if Lindsay used this situation to press Matthew to divorce her, would he agree?
Cordell burst through the door, his urgency melting into concern as he saw Stella standing beside the desk, tears falling onto the cold, untouched food.
“Stella?” he called out, his voice soft and caring.
Startled, Stella quickly wiped her tears, struggling to steady her breath.
Cordell’s face reflected his worry.
“What happened with Matthew? Why are you upset?”
###chapter2177
Tears welled up again as Stella turned away, trying to regain her composure.
She wiped her face and faced Cordell, her voice strained.
“He.
I’m not sure.
He suddenly had a terrible headache.
I panicked and didn’t know who else to call.
”
Cordell nodded, his expression understanding.
“That sort of thing can happen.
”
He looked around the room and asked, “Where is he now? In the lounge?”
Stella’s smile was tinged with sadness as she shook her head, her hands absentmindedly tidying the clutter on Matthew’s desk.
“He went to drop Lindsay off at her place.
”
Cordell, noticing the mention of Lindsay and Stella’s clear distress, pieced together that Lindsay was central to the problem.
He paused, and then said, “Matthew’s memory loss must be acting up.
That’s probably why he was so cold.
Once he’s better, he’ll see his mistake, and you’ll have a chance to talk things over.
”
Stella forced a weary smile as she finished packing up the food container and looked at him, her eyes filled with quiet despair.
“Cordell, why did he have to forget just our love for each other?”
‘s BunnyBookery
Cordell hesitated, struggling to find the right words.
Seeing his confusion, Stella understood that he was just as puzzled.
Perhaps, she thought, there simply wasn’t an answer.
Without a word, Stella swept up her things and left.
The day had been overwhelming, leaving her feeling completely shattered.
She raced back to Prosper Bay, her car tearing through the night.
Despite her speed, it was well past midnight by the time she got home.
Stella staggered inside, her exhaustion clear in every step.
Just as she dropped her keys, her phone buzzed with a new message.
Stella’s hand trembled as she read Lindsay’s text, her heart sinking with a sudden, deep dread.
“Matthew is staying over at my place tonight,” it said.
Stella felt dizzy for a moment but quickly calmed down.
She recalled Fernando’s comments when she had brought food to Matthew earlier that day, affirming her trust in him.
Based on her understanding, Matthew had probably stayed overnight to look after Lindsay.
Upon reflecting, Stella chose not to react to Lindsay’s taunting.
Instead, she put away her phone and entered the room to freshen up.
###chapter2178
Recent events had caused her emotions to fluctuate wildly, leaving her extremely anxious.
As a result, her sleep suffered greatly.
She managed to fall asleep only at dawn each day, waking up sporadically after just a few hours.
That night, in a half-asleep state, she suddenly envisioned Matthew.
Overjoyed, she dashed toward him, eager to throw herself into his arms.
But before she could reach him, Matthew stepped back, his expression cold.
Stunned, she gazed at Matthew, tears cascading down her face.
“Matthew… You really don’t remember me?”
Matthew looked down at her with a frosty demeanor.
“Let’s divorce.
”
Stella shook her head, tears streaming down her face.
“No… Don’t give up on our marriage… I love you…”
“I don’t Love you anymore,” Matthew stated flatly.
“I want to divorce you.
I plan to marry Lindsay.
You need to step aside.
”
His words cut deep, feeling like countless sharp blades stabbing directly into her heart.
She burst into tears, unable to speak.
She could only watch as Matthew walked toward Lindsay.
Just as she felt suffocated by pain, her phone suddenly rang.
Stella woke up immediately.
She clutched her chest and sat up from the bed, her heart still aching.
It took her a long time to convince herself it was just a nightmare.
Her phone was still ringing.
Taking a deep breath, Stella regained her composure amid the ringtone.
It was a call from Doreen.
Stella’s heart raced.
She took another deep breath to calm herself before answering the phone.
“What’s up?”
Doreen’s flustered voice came through the phone.
“Crap! Stella, there’s something wrong with our sales channel.
All the sales for this season have been cut off.
”
Stella was fully awake now.
She asked, “What happened? We’ve already signed the contract, right? It’s a breach of contract!”
Doreen sighed.
“That’s exactly the tricky part.
Mr.
Twitty mentioned he could cover the liquidated damages.
”
Stella felt so furious that she almost laughed.
They had signed the agreement with Jack Twitty some time ago, and suddenly today, everything went awry.
She suspected that there was a manipulator behind the scenes.
But who could it be?
Doreen elaborated, “We got in touch with Mr.
Twitty as soon as we heard the news, but he claimed his hands were tied.
He indicated that some influential people in Seamarsh were involved, and he preferred to stay out of the fray, so he chose to terminate the contract.
”
###chapter2179
Narrowing her eyes, Stella questioned, “Do you know who has put him in such a tight spot?”
“No…” Doreen replied thoughtfully.
“However, he did mention something about the real owner of the White Horse Club.
”
While Stella recognized the name of the White Horse Club, she was unaware of the actual owner’s identity.
Clearly, the issue was far more complex than she had initially thought.
Doreen continued, “Mr.
Twitty also said he would be at the White Horse Club in Room 606 at eight o’clock tonight.
He described it as his last piece of advice and insisted we keep it confidential.
If we’re to retrieve our sales channel, our only lead is the club’s owner.
”
Stella quickly made a decision and responded, “Got it.
I’ll be there tonight.
Please send me the sales data for our new products this season.
No businessman worth their salt could resist a profitable proposition.
”
After she ended the call, Stella quickly jumped up and headed to the studio.
She had been swamped all day because of it.
But she was fine with that.
It kept her from dwelling on Matthew.
At last, it was eight in the evening.
Stella took the sales data and new product design sketches to the exclusive White Horse Club.
The club was right in the center of Seamarsh, where the wealthy lived.
Even from the outside, it was clear how exclusive it was.
The door was adorned in such lavish decor that it felt intimidating.
Stella approached with poise and confidence.
But as soon as she reached the door, the doorman stopped her.
“Excuse me, ma’am.
Could I see your membership card, please?”
Stella frowned.
The doorman said politely, “We have a membership system here.
Only members are allowed inside.
”
Stella nodded.
“I’ll sign up for one now.
”
The doorman gave Stella a curious look.
In the morning rush, Stella had grabbed a plain, long dress with no accessories, looking quite ordinary.
The doorman looked at her with a hint of disdain, but being a professional at a high-end club, he kept his composure.
“Ma’am, our annual membership fee is at least 5 million dollars,” he said politely.
Eager to meet the owner, Stella brushed off the doorman’s disdain and pulled out a black card.
“I’ll use this,” she said calmly.
The doorman, now intrigued, eagerly assisted Stella with the membership and showed her inside.
Stella headed straight to the second floor and found Room 606.
She opened the door and saw a group playing cards inside.
###chapter2180
Although Stella didn’t recognize the man in the middle, his face seemed vaguely familiar.
However, out of politeness and caution, Stella stayed by the door and did not move any closer.
The man in the middle suddenly noticed Stella.
He reacted dramatically and said in a playful tone, “Hey there, beautiful.
Why are you just standing at the door?”
Stella had a feeling this wasn’t the owner Jack mentioned, so she decided to back out.
“Sorry, I must have the wrong room.
”
With that, she started to close the door.
Just then, the man suddenly called out her name.
“Stella?”
Stella froze, her hand pausing on the door as she stared at him in surprise.
The man raised an eyebrow and smirked, saying confidently, “Join us for three rounds.
Win just one, and I’ll give you back the sales channel.
”
Before Stella could react, he nudged the guy next to him and said, “Move.
Let the lady take your seat.
”
The man who was kicked quickly scooted over with a grin.
Seeing this, Stella frowned in discomfort.
The room smelled of tobacco, and she tightened her fists, hesitating at the doorway, still on guard.
Noticing Stella’s hesitation, the man smiled and said, “Are you scared? Never mind then.
”
With that, he returned to his cards, acting as if Stella wasn’t there.
After a brief pause, Stella said, “You could at least tell me who you are, don’t you think?”
The man sat back, his posture relaxed but oozing with arrogance.
There was a playful yet defiant vibe in the way he carried himself.
He flicked a card onto the table with a casual snap of his fingers, and then removed the cigarette from his mouth.
His lips curled into a sneer as he spoke.
“You’re here asking for my help.
Shouldn’t you at least know who I am before coming?”
Stella’s face tightened with a frown, but she kept her thoughts to herself, choosing silence over words.
Someone standing next to the man quickly chimed in with a flattering tone, “You’re a beautiful woman, but you don’t have a discerning eye.
This is Robin Wheeler, the famous Mr.
Wheeler.
”
The moment Stella heard the name, she thought of Lindsay.
After all, in Seamarsh, “Wheeler” wasn’t a surname you came across often.
At that moment, another lackey chimed in with a smug grin, “Mr.
Wheeler’s sister is connected to the Clark family.
You know, the Clarks from Seamarsh! Quite the connection, isn’t it?”
Stella’s mind raced as she pieced together the connection.
It was clear that Robin was tied to Lindsay in some way.
###chapter2181
But despite this new revelation, Stella was still left puzzled about Robin’s true intentions.
Taking a deep breath, she gathered her composure and said, “Mr.
Wheeler, I’m here about the sales channel.
Can you explain why you’re making things so difficult for us? We’re just a small studio.
”
Robin, unfazed, waved her concerns aside and said, “Enough talk.
Join us for three rounds.
Win just once, and your sales channel is yours again.
”
Stella’s frustration showed.
She hadn’t expected to deal with such a stubborn and unpredictable person today.
Robin extended three fingers, his gaze steely.
“You’ve got three seconds to make up your mind.
If you don’t agree, leave.
We don’t need any more interruptions.
”
He began to count, his voice sharp and deliberate.
“Three.
”
“Two.
”
As he neared the final count, Stella, feeling the mounting pressure, stepped forward.
Relief flickered across Robin’s face as he finally allowed himself a satisfied smile.
Stella walked into the room, her face shadowed by a cloud of frustration.
She met Robin’s gaze with a steady look.
“Mr.
Wheeler, let me be straightforward,” she said, her voice firm but weary.
“I don’t know the first thing about playing cards.
This is just business for me, with no personal grudge.
Why are you making things so difficult?”
Robin’s Lips twisted into a smug grin.
“I do whatever I want,” he said, his tone dripping with arrogance.
“No one tells me what to do.
Either win a round or down this entire bottle of vodka.
”
He thumped a bottle of vodka onto the table in front of Stella, the sound sharp in the tense air.
“See how thoughtful I am?” Robin’s voice was light, tinged with mischief.
“You said you didn’t know how to play cards, so I made sure to offer you an extra choice.
What’s your take on that? I have a thing for pretty ladies.
”
His eyes, full of playful intent, stayed fixed on Stella.
Stella’s brow deepened into a frown.
It was clear he was trying to make a fool of her, and she didn’t appreciate it.
She didn’t know much about the Wheeler family.
From what she remembered, Lindsay and the Wheelers hadn’t been close, so she was baffled by Robin’s actions.
Robin didn’t seem like the type to help Lindsay with her frustrations.
Stella was at a loss for words.
As she stared at the vodka bottle, a pang of fear unsettled her.
If she drank it, she’d likely end up in the hospital today.
Stella’s hands were damp with sweat as she desperately searched for a way to salvage the situation.
Seeing the worried look on Stella’s face, Robin suddenly burst out laughing.
Then, his expression shifted as if he finally remembered who she was.
With a hint of sarcasm, he said, “Miss Anderson.
Oh, wait, that’s not right.
Mrs.
Clark, do you want me to call Matthew and ask if he can help you?”
Before Stella could reply, he kept going, “But actually, that doesn’t work either.
I think I should stick with Miss Anderson.
After all, Matthew is about to become my brother-in-law.
I wonder if he’d be willing to help you, his ex-wife.
”
Stella’s face fell, wounded by Robin’s sarcastic remarks.
###chapter2182
Robin, finding amusement in the ordeal, swiftly pulled out his phone and started entering a number.
As he dialed, he taunted, “Do you think Matthew will answer? Will he swoop in to save you?”
The sight of Robin calling Matthew drained the color from Stella’s face.
Robin reveled in her discomfort, continuing to dial numbers with a smirk, pretending to complete the call.
In a burst of desperation, Stella lunged at him just as he was about to hit the final digit and snatched his phone away.
‘s BunnyBookery
“I’ll drink,” she declared defiantly.
Her eyes locked on the vodka bottle resting on the table.
She swallowed her fear, her resolve hardening despite her trepidation.
Stella had never been much of a card player.
Playing it safe with cards was futile.
She knew she stood no chance at winning and couldn’t just stand idle while her sales channel was at stake.
Opting to drink was risky, but she was prepared to face that challenge.
This was about her business, her struggle against the Wheeler family’s schemes.
Even if Matthew had retained his memories, she wouldn’t have involved him.
She twisted open the bottle with a resolute expression.
The men surrounding her were both shocked and impressed.
Despite their seasoned bravado, none of them would dare to down an entire bottle of vodka in one go.
Robin, taken aback by Stella’s bold move, managed to maintain a taunting grin.
Stella drank the vodka under Robin’s scornful gaze.
With a sneer, Robin commented, “My sister wouldn’t stoop so low for money.
”
Ignoring him, Stella finished her drink, and battled the fierce burn in her belly.
She threw the empty bottle to the floor, breaking it.
Barely holding herself together, she slammed the contract onto the table and demanded, “Sign it!”
Robin, his smirk unwavering, remarked, “You certainly know how to handle your drink.
I’m pleased the special bottle I selected for you today wasn’t squandered.
”
Stella paused, momentarily caught off guard by his comment.
Robin went on, “You know, this bottle was meant for you from the start.
Even if you hadn’t planned to drink, my crew would have seen to it that you did.
By coming here, you should’ve realized you were walking into a setup.
”
As he spoke, his laughter became louder and wilder.
A shiver ran down Stella’s spine as it hit her that the disrupted sales channel was merely a ploy to lure her here.
She knew she couldn’t stay, especially considering that she was outnumbered.
She quickly turned to make her escape.
But just then, several of Robin’s men quickly stepped in to block the door.
Stella met their gazes firmly and turned back to Robin, unfazed, to ask, “What are you up to, Mr.
Wheeler?”
Robin cut to the chase.
“Let’s keep this simple.
If you want to get out of here safely, you’ll divorce Matthew and back off.
”
“Back off?” Stella let out a derisive laugh.
“To make room for your sister?”
Annoyed, Robin snapped, “You know what I mean!”
Laughing, Stella replied, “Lindsay has been part of the Clark family since she was a kid, knew Matthew even before I did.
If she was supposed to become Matthew’s wife, how could I have got a chance to marry him? And why would there be a need for me to back off?”
As the words sank in, Robin’s face turned ghostly pale.
Stella, losing her patience, demanded icily, “Get your men out of my way.
”
###chapter2183
Robin was visibly annoyed.
He warned, “We can do this the easy or hard way.
It’s your choice.
”
After speaking, he glanced at his men.
The men quickly grasped his intent.
They seized Stella by the arms and hoisted her up.
Stella’s heart sank as she saw the lewd smiles on the men’s faces.
“What are you planning to do? This is illegal!”
Robin scoffed, “Illegal? Then call the police to arrest me.
”
The other men relaxed and chuckled.
“How dare you talk about the law with Mr.
Wheeler?”
“Mr.
Wheeler is the Law!”
“You’ll soon see how nice we can be!”
Stella, having consumed a bottle of vodka, now faced these villains, her face draining of color with fear.
She reacted instinctively, thrashing and screaming hysterically, “Scum! Let me go! If you lay a hand on me, Matthew won’t let you get away with this!”
Robin dismissed her threats nonchalantly.
He approached her, caressed her face with his fingers, and taunted, “To regain the sales channel, you drank with Jack and even offered yourself.
I’m sure the Clark family, including Matthew, would be quite disappointed in you.
Soon, he’ll divorce you.
”
Stella recoiled at the touch on her face, feeling disgusted, but she was held tightly by several men and couldn’t escape.
ALL she could do was endure the disgust and retort, “The truth about what you’ve done to me will come out one day.
With a brother Like you, Lindsay will never be accepted into the Clark family!”
Robin’s expression turned regretful as he replied, “If only you weren’t so greedy and had agreed to the divorce sooner, I wouldn’t have resorted to this.
Plus, Lindsay sacrificed her legs to save Matthew.
Even if the Clark family finds out what I did today, for her sake, they’ll look the other way.
”
“You’re insane! You and Lindsay are both crazy!” Stella yelled furiously.
Robin smirked, taking it as a compliment.
“Thank you.
”
Stella, sensing a slight loosening in the grip of the men who were captivated by the unfolding drama, seized her chance to escape.
With a sudden movement, she slapped Robin hard across the face.
“Bastard!”
Robin stared at Stella in shock, pressing his tongue against his cheek.
He had always been the pride and joy of his parents.
Everywhere he went, he was treated with reverence.
No one ever raised their voice in his presence.
And now, he had been slapped by a woman?
The playful expression on his face instantly turned to fury.
He retaliated with a slap.
He struck her with such force that it left her reeling, blood trickling from the corner of her mouth.
###chapter2184
“Bitch! How dare you hit me?” Robin glared at Stella in disgust and commanded his men, “Turn on the camera and call Jack in.
Let’s wrap this up quickly.
”
After spitting vehemently, he stormed out of the room.
Stella was flung onto the sofa, struggling to get back on her feet.
The alcohol overwhelmed her senses fiercely.
She clung to her last shred of clarity, attempting to call Miley for help.
But there was no cell signal.
Feeling desperate, her eyes caught sight of glass shards on the floor.
Without overthinking, she grabbed a piece and clenched it in her hand.
Just then, the door opened again.
Jack entered, trembling.
Upon seeing Stella, a wave of guilt washed over him.
He said, “I’m sorry… I didn’t want to… But I can’t afford to offend the Wheeler and Clark families… I’m truly sorry.
”
As he inched closer, Stella’s hand bled from the glass shard.
The sharp pain snapped her back to a semblance of alertness.
She looked up defiantly at Jack and screamed, “Don’t come any closer! Fuck off! Fuck off!”
Though he wasn’t particularly close to Lindsay, the allure of potential profit made their partnership worthwhile.
If Lindsay succeeded in marrying into the prestigious Clark family, their fame and fortune would inevitably spill over to him.
Furthermore, the events of today could serve as leverage for future blackmail if necessary.
The situation was replete with benefits and devoid of risks.
His smile vanishing, Robin turned to his associate guarding the door.
“Stay here,” he instructed.
“Pass me the USB drive once they’re finished.
”
The man responded with obsequious eagerness.
“Rest assured, Mr.
Wheeler.
I’ll see it done.
”
With a nod of satisfaction, Robin departed.
No sooner had he left than Sanford, flanked by his entourage, appeared in the corridor.
His face stern, Sanford issued a command to his men.
“Find Room 606.
”
Their reply was loud and unified, echoing down the hallway.
The guard at the door, heart pounding, hoped desperately to remain unseen.
Suddenly, a scream of pain shattered the tense silence from inside the room.
Sanford’s expression grew icy.
He seized the door guard with one hand, tossed him aside, and forcefully kicked the door open.
Inside the dimly lit room, a scene of disarray unfolded.
###chapter2185
Blood was smeared across the floor.
A corpulent man lay there, a jagged piece of glass jutting from his abdomen, his fate uncertain.
Nearby, Stella sat dazed on the floor, her hands slick with the mingled blood of herself and Jack.
Tears filled her eyes as she gazed at Jack’s still form.
Her beautiful, youthful face was clouded with confusion and helplessness as she murmured over and over, “He’s dead… I killed him…”
Sanford’s gaze briefly softened with pity before hardening once more.
He strode over and enveloped her in his arms.
“Don’t be afraid,” he assured her gently.
“Everything will be alright.
This was self-defense.
”
Terror-stricken and under the influence of alcohol, Stella trembled uncontrollably, unaware of who was holding her.
She focused on one harrowing fact alone.
Jack was dead.
She had killed him.
Then, in an instant, the world around her went dark as she lost consciousness.
Observing her faint, Sanford’s expression conveyed a mixture of emotions.
He swiftly picked her up and hurried out, leaving his bodyguards behind to handle the mess.
Instead of taking her to a hospital, he chose to bring her to his home and called a private doctor.
Upon examining Stella, the doctor informed Sanford, “She fainted due to alcohol and excessive fright.
Additionally, she has a glass-inflicted wound on her hand, which I have managed to treat to stop the bleeding.
”
Sanford gave a measured order.
“Ensure she is left with no scars.
”
“Absolutely,” the doctor replied.
After treating her wound carefully and prescribing the necessary medication, he departed.
Now, only Sanford and Stella were left in the room.
Sanford’s gaze lingered on her, filled with complex emotions.
Stella remained unconscious, her face ghostly pale.
Even in her comatose state, her expression was troubled, marked by a deep frown.
Reflecting on the violent scene he had witnessed, a momentary wave of pity and guilt washed over Sanford.
He wondered, should he proceed with his plans?
Time seemed to stretch and blur.
Stella could faintly hear voices in the distance.
A slight twitch in her fingers signaled her returning consciousness.
###chapter2186
Trying to identify the voices and their words proved futile; her head buzzed too intensely to make sense of anything.
Opening her eyes was a challenge.
The harsh overhead light made her squint.
After a moment, her eyes adjusted to the glaring brightness.
A fierce pounding in her head suggested she had drunk too much; the relentless pain was a stark reminder.
That vodka had nearly knocked her out, and the sting from the glass cut in her palm was a painful testament to her ordeal.
Sanford noticed Stella stirring on the bed, so he ended his phone call and approached with a glass of warm water.
“Hey, drink some water,” he said gently, guiding the straw to her lips.
Seeing Sanford helped Stella recall the events in the private room.
She remembered Jack attempting to assault her.
She had resisted fiercely, using a glass shard for defense.
Sanford had arrived shortly after.
She dimly recalled him lifting her from the floor, but the details beyond that were hazy.
Stella took a few sips of water, which soothed the burning in her throat.
She then managed to ask weakly, “How did you end up there?”
Sanford met her gaze and explained, “I wanted to talk about launching your brand, but couldn’t reach you by phone, so I asked your assistant.
She told me you were at the White Horse Club, so I came over.
”
Stella nodded, accepting his explanation.
Anxiety quickly replaced her calm as she urgently asked, “What about Jack? Is he… is he dead?”
Her voice shook with each word.
Sanford responded with calm assurance, “He’s not dead; he’s in the hospital.
But even if he were, you defended yourself-it wouldn’t be a crime.
Don’t worry.
”
Relieved that Jack was still alive, Stella looked at Sanford with deep gratitude.
“Thank you for getting there when you did.
I can’t even think about what might have happened if you hadn’t.
”
As she finished speaking, a wave of sadness washed over her.
In the past, Matthew was always the first to arrive when the unexpected occurred.
Even when she was trapped in that private room, part of her had hoped he would burst in and rescue her as he once did.
But that was merely wishful thinking.
He was likely with Lindsay now…
Her thoughts wandered to Robin’s words.
If she told Matthew that the Wheeler family was after her, would he believe her? Or would he try to maintain peace for Lindsay’s sake?
These thoughts weighed heavily on her, filling her with a mix of heartache and exhaustion.
###chapter2187
Slowly, she closed her eyes.
Sanford noticed Stella’s fatigue and spoke softly.
“Get some rest.
You’re safe here, and there are no reporters around.
”
Brought back to the present, Stella realized she should call Miley first.
She turned to Sanford, expressing her gratitude.
“You saved me, and I can’t thank you enough.
If there’s ever anything you need in the future, I’m here for you.
”
Sanford looked deeply into her eyes and responded earnestly, “You don’t need to thank me, nor worry about repaying me.
You don’t have to be on guard either.
Your dad once did me a great favor, and I’m committed to protecting you as long as I live.
”
‘s BunnyBookery
Stella blinked, startled by his intensity.
Sanford added, “I also owe you an apology.
If I made you uncomfortable earlier, it was only because I wanted to test how much Matthew really cares about you.
I just can’t bear the thought of you getting hurt.
”
Hearing Sanford’s words, Stella’s uncertainty about him intensified.
Yet, nothing specific she could point to justify her doubts.
After a brief pause, she posed a question with a cool detachment.
“Does everyone at Sanz Group change their minds so quickly?”
Sanford responded with a gentle laugh, reaching out instinctively to touch Stella’s face.
She quickly frowned and moved away.
Unperturbed, Sanford smoothly withdrew his hand, reminiscing.
“I met you when you were just five, my first visit to a big city, overwhelmed by the sight of that grand villa.
”
He smiled warmly at the memory.
“You were on the lawn, and your father proudly introduced you as his little princess.
”
Stella absorbed his words in silence.
Her memories of her father were faint due to her memory loss.
“Your marriage to Matthew was orchestrated by the elders.
It began precariously, with scant genuine connection.
Marriage ought to foster joy, yet it’s apparent you’ve found little happiness.
”
He continued thoughtfully, “Your father’s deepest wish was for his daughter to live safely and joyously.
He’d be heartbroken to see his little princess endure so much anguish over a man.
”
Listening, Stella’s grasp of her father’s image grew slightly sharper.
The realization of her father’s deep affection for her stirred her deeply.
She struggled to contain her tears, her eyes reddening from the emotional weight.
Succumbing to recent burdens, she eventually broke down, crying uncontrollably.
She tried to dab away her tears, but they soon overwhelmed her, leading her to weep openly.
She had believed that she and Matthew had surmounted their gravest challenges, yet his recent memory loss, erasing their shared experiences, proved otherwise.
She had kept this pain hidden from her elders, shouldering her grief alone.
What value did her pain hold?
###chapter2188
Did anyone genuinely care about her feelings?
The more she contemplated, the more she wept, with tears cascading down her face.
Sanford looked on with sympathy, embracing her and patting her back gently.
“You don’t have to feel scared anymore.
You have your family, friends—all the support you could need.
Try not to make it tougher on yourself,” he said with a soothing tone.
His words were sincere, his tone tender, yet as he held her, a fleeting look of indifference crossed his face when Stella was not looking, giving him the semblance of a stranger detached from the pain.
Simultaneously, in the apartment, Lindsay was reclined on her bed, clearly self-satisfied.
She glanced at the clock; Robin should have retrieved the USB drive by now.
‘s BunnyBookery
Once Matthew discovered what was on that drive, there would be no coming back for Stella.
Suddenly, her phone rang.
It was Robin.
Lindsay swiftly answered.
Before she could say hello, Robin interjected harshly, “Some guy has taken Stella away.
The plan’s fallen apart.
It’s on you to sort it out.
”
Lindsay sat up abruptly, her heart pounding, and urgently asked, “What guy?”
With evident annoyance, Robin answered, “I don’t know his name, but he had a team with him and they’ve taken Stella.
He seemed influential.
”
Lindsay scowled and fell into a deep silence, her mind swirling with a tide of frustration and bitterness.
This was not how things were supposed to unfold-nobody was supposed to come and rescue Stella according to the plan sent by the mysterious person.
Lindsay was fuming.
She was so close to success again!
Disappointment was clear in her eyes.
She had hoped that if Stella betrayed Matthew, it would inevitably lead to conflict and their eventual separation, even if he later remembered everything.
But now…
Robin had been waiting for a response for a while.
Annoyed, he was just about to end the call when Lindsay regained her composure and said, “Wait.
Check the club’s surveillance footage.
I need to see who’s helping that bitch.
”
“Fine.
Wait.
” He agreed, and then disconnected.
Shortly after, he sent her a screenshot from the video.
Upon seeing the face in the screenshot, Lindsay was struck with an idea.
She immediately called Robin back.
They talked for nearly ten minutes before ending the call.
Lindsay then asked a maid to assist her into her wheelchair, and she wheeled herself out of the room and across to the study.
“Matthew,” she said timidly.
###chapter2189
Matthew was busy signing a document.
At her voice, he looked up and asked, “What’s up?”
Lindsay appeared embarrassed, opening and closing her mouth several times without speaking.
Noticing her hesitation, Matthew’s brows furrowed, and he asked impatiently, “What is it?”
After a long pause, she said, “I’m sorry… Robin messed up.
It was my fault for not keeping a closer eye on him.
”
Matthew’s expression turned serious.
He didn’t remember much about Robin, only recalling that he had been troublesome since his youth.
Anxious, Matthew asked, “What did he do?”
“He almost harmed Stella…”
As Lindsay spoke, she watched Matthew’s face intently.
Upon hearing her, Matthew clenched his pen tighter, though his face remained unreadable.
Lindsay added, “I intended for him to apologize to Stella, but a man took her away… It’s getting late.
We should bring Stella back soon.
We don’t want any surprises, right?”
Matthew’s face remained unchanged.
He responded in a flat tone, “Is that so?”
His face showed no signs of anxiety or concern.
Seeing this, Lindsay felt a surge of relief, yet she feigned a troubled and guilty demeanor.
In a gentle voice, she explained, “It’s ultimately Robin’s fault, and I’ve already reprimanded him severely, but…”
Then, she added quickly, “He mentioned that when Stella was taken away, she had been drinking quite a bit.
The man who took her was very forceful.
I’m really worried something terrible might happen.
I’ve asked Robin to come pick me up.
Let’s go together and bring Stella back.
”
“Where is she?” Matthew inquired, his voice cold and deep.
Lindsay immediately gave him the location.
She regretted that Stella hadn’t ended up with Jack, but was somewhat relieved that she had been taken by another man.
She thought as long as she could sow some seeds of misunderstanding between Matthew and Stella, the means were not important.
Matthew’s demeanor was still unemotional.
He stood up and began wheeling her out.
Robin was already waiting by the door.
He looked slightly apprehensive at the sight of Matthew emerging.
However, remembering that Matthew had lost part of his memories and was indebted to Lindsay, Robin straightened up confidently.
“I’ll drive you,” Robin said quickly.
Lindsay nodded and settled into the back seat with Matthew.
###chapter2190
During the drive, Robin omitted details that would reflect poorly on him and instead exaggerated the situation to Matthew.
“I was discussing the sales channel with Stella, and unexpectedly, she started drinking with Jack.
They seemed to enjoy their drinks together.
”
Robin kept the conversation going.
“Thinking about Stella’s ties with the Clark family, I tried to convince her to return, but she flatly refused.
Later, she ended up drinking too much.
Before long, a man approached and led Stella away in front of everyone.
To those unfamiliar, he might have appeared to be her husband.
”
Lindsay rebuked him sharply.
“You’re an adult.
How could you just stand by and let him take her? It was late.
What impression did that make?”
“What could I do? They seemed so close.
What if they were just friends? Besides, Stella left with him without any hesitation,” Robin protested, sounding wronged.
Together, he and Lindsay put on a convincing act.
Still, Matthew kept his silence.
Lindsay tried to gauge his reaction, but his thoughts were unreadable.
Not knowing what was on Matthew’s mind, she chose to remain silent.
Eventually, the car stopped in front of a villa.
Robin maneuvered Lindsay’s wheelchair as he walked behind Matthew.
At the doorstep, Matthew pressed the doorbell.
After a short pause, the door swung open from the inside.
Upon seeing the scene in front of him, Matthew’s face subtly shifted.
Sanford stood there, his hair damp and donned in a bathrobe with the collar undone, exposing his damp chest.
Spotting Matthew, he raised an eyebrow and asked with a slight smirk, “Mr.
Clark, to what do I owe the pleasure?”
Matthew didn’t utter a word, only giving Sanford a frosty stare.
Robin, oblivious to the brewing tension, kept fanning the flames.
He pointed at Sanford and accused boldly, “Yes! He’s the one who took Stella.
”
He then started maligning Stella.
“Stella’s so carefree.
She’s already chasing after another man and she isn’t even divorced yet.
”
Matthew’s brow furrowed, signaling his growing irritation.
Seeing this, Lindsay patted Robin’s arm and scolded him.
“Quiet! Stella is like my sister-in-law.
You’ve stirred up quite the mess.
How could you speak about her in such a manner?”
###chapter2191
Taking the hint, Robin closed his mouth, his discomfort obvious.
Sanford paid no mind to Robin or Lindsay, his eyes locked on Matthew.
With a taunting smile, he said provocatively, “It’s awfully late, Mr.
Clark.
What brings you here at this hour?”
Matthew, clearly agitated by Sanford’s presence, replied with a frosty tone, “I’ve come to pick up Stella.
”
Sanford smirked and challenged him, saying, “I suppose you were with this woman when Stella needed you.
It’s late now.
Seems a bit tardy to start worrying about your wife, doesn’t it?”
Matthew’s expression remained cold and unyielding.
“Stay out of it.
I need to see Stella.
”
Defiant, Sanford pressed, “What if I refuse?”
The air thickened with tension as they stared each other down, their icy glares clashing like flint and steel, each man bristling with the intent to overpower the other.
Meanwhile, Stella was inside a bedroom, tossing and turning in her sleep.
Disturbed by the muffled voices, she rose to investigate.
Slipping into a coat, she approached the doorway.
As she drew closer to Sanford, she began to inquire, “What’s going.
.
”
However, the sight of Matthew rendered her speechless.
Staring at him, she was frozen in place, hardly daring to blink for fear he might vanish.
Her heart surged with surprise.
As she opened her mouth to speak again, her eyes clouded over, overwhelmed by a flood of emotions.
Stella noticed Lindsay and Robin behind Matthew.
Her expression changed from surprise to resentment upon seeing them.
How dare they confront her after everything that had happened?
Catching Stella’s eye, Lindsay swiftly moved to take charge, beginning her performance.
Her eyes filled with tears as she stammered, “I’m so sorry, Stella… I just learned about what Robin did.
”
Stella’s hands balled into fists.
Wiping her tears, Lindsay added, “I brought Robin here to apologize.
Fortunately, no permanent damage has been done.
”
Stella was all too familiar with Lindsay’s performances, each more insufferable than the last.
She had had enough of tolerating it, enough of playing along.
With a dismissive laugh, Stella cut through the facade.
###chapter2192
“What a pair you make.
First, your brother tried to harm me, and then you rushed in to make amends.
You two really think you can do whatever you want.
”
Lindsay adopted a guise of innocence.
“Stella, what are you implying? I sincerely came here to apologize with my brother…”
Stella rolled her eyes, replying with impatience, “How long will you keep up this charade? Don’t you get tired of playing pretend every day?”
Lindsay’s facade cracked, and she turned to Matthew, pretending to be clueless.
She put on a pitiful look, glanced timidly at Stella, and whispered, “Stella…”
Meanwhile, Robin observed the scene with his usual defiance.
Tired of Lindsay’s antics, Stella directed her attention to Robin and mocked, “You seem more inclined to hurt me than apologize.
Is this your way of making amends?”
Robin returned Stella’s stare with a defiant look, his tone acerbic.
“What is it you want, then?”
Stella smiled, her demeanor calm and assertive.
“If you are truly remorseful, prove it.
”
Her expression hardened.
“In this world, the guilty do not stand taller than the wronged.
You have two choices: kneel or bow.
”
Robin’s temper flared.
Pointing at Stella, he retorted, “Enough.
I’ve kept quiet about your true character out of respect, but Look at you here, in the middle of the night, at the home of a man in a bathrobe.
It’s not a good look, is it?”
Lindsay, feigning panic, yelled, “Robin, just drop it, will you? There’s no need to air this out!”
Stella couldn’t suppress a cold laugh.
“And what exactly are you suggesting? Huh?”
Lindsay shifted her gaze nervously between Stella and Sanford but remained silent.
Robin, unrestrained, scoffed.
“Look at you two, here in the middle of the night.
What else would anyone think?”
Stella knew that regardless of her response, they would twist her words into something malicious.
So, she decided not to engage with them and instead looked directly at Matthew.
She suspected that they had concocted a different story for Matthew about the events of the night.
Inhaling deeply, she calmly asked, “So, you thought I was being unfaithful? You came here to catch me in the act?”
Matthew stayed silent, his mind overwhelmed with troubling images.
It hadn’t been long since they got married, and already there were whispers of Stella being overly familiar with another man in a public setting.
His expression grew even more stern as he glared at Stella, his voice cold.
“It’s not like this is the first time you’ve been implicated, is it?”
Stella stared at Matthew in disbelief, unable to believe he had said those words.
Trying to keep her disappointment from showing, she asked sharply, “When? When did I do that?”
###chapter2193
Matthew, showing no hint of interest in explaining, simply looked at Stella with an unfeeling, icy stare and ordered, “Come back with me.
”
Stella refused to move, her jaw clenched tightly.
“You need to explain this first,” she demanded firmly.
“This is about my reputation.
”
“Reputation? With everything you’ve done, you’re still talking about reputation?” Robin scoffed, his face twisted into a sneer.
Stella shot him a sharp look but chose to ignore his taunt.
She refocused on Matthew, her tone resolute.
“Matthew, even if you’ve lost part of your memories, that doesn’t mean you can invent Lies about me.
”
Robin, never one to back down, stepped in front of Matthew with a challenging grin.
“What, still trying to deny it? You must have wronged Matthew somehow.
Why else would he speak so bitterly? Ah, I get it now-you’ve done it time and again!”
Stella’s frustration boiled over.
“This is a private matter between my husband and me.
You have no right to interfere!”
Robin, unflinching, continued his provocation.
“Still calling him your husband? Matthew is already seeking a divorce.
You’re just stubbornly holding onto the title of Mrs.
Clark.
.
”
Stella’s anger erupted like a storm.
Before Robin could say another word, she struck him across the face with a sharp slap.
Her voice cut through the air.
“Who do you think you are to judge me?”
Her hand was already moving to hit him again, but Robin, caught off guard by the first blow, grabbed her wrist with a quick motion.
His face was twisted in fury.
“You think you can hit me?” he snapped.
“You’re asking for trouble!”
He let go of her wrist, his face a storm as he prepared to strike back.
Just as he was about to act, Matthew’s voice cut through the tension like a blade.
“Stop!”
The command rang with an authority that hushed the group.
‘s BunnyBookery
Robin felt the intensity of Matthew’s gaze pierce through him, forcing his hand to drop, even as the fury within him continued to churn.
Though he dared not challenge her with Matthew present, his seething anger was a beast he struggled to keep at bay.
Robin’s eyes flared with anger as he stared at Stella.
His voice, sharp and threatening, cut through the tension.
“You’ll regret that slap.
Just wait and see.
”
Stella stood her ground, her gaze steady and unflinching.
“I’m right here,” she shot back, her tone unbothered.
Matthew stepped in before Robin could reply, his voice firm and commanding.
“Enough! “
Matthew’s cold stare held Robin in place, making it clear there was no room for further argument.
Silenced and cowed, Robin fell quiet and shuffled over to stand beside Lindsay.
Matthew’s irritation was clear as he frowned and turned sharply toward Stella.
“Let’s go home,” he said firmly.
Stella, hurt by Matthew’s earlier words, glanced from him to Lindsay.
Her voice carried a sting as she asked, “Were you with Lindsay when I was in trouble? Should I suspect you might’ve been unfaithful too?”
###chapter2194
Matthew’s face twisted in frustration as he snapped, “Quit with the drama.
”
“Drama?” Stella, weary and worn out, gave him a sharp look.
“That’s rich, coming from you.
If you don’t trust me, just go.
Don’t hang around and make a scene.
I need to sleep.
”
Matthew’s gaze hardened, and in a frosty, resolute tone, he questioned, “So, you’re staying?”
Stella simply met his gaze, her expression unreadable.
A tumult of confusion and fatigue churned within her.
She understood that Matthew’s strange behavior stemmed from his memory loss, yet she feared their bond might remain tense if his memory failed to return.
The thought was utterly draining.
Their eyes locked, both refusing to break the silence, as moments stretched into a long, quiet standoff.
The closeness they once cherished now seemed a distant memory, replaced by a haunting thought in Stella’s mind.
Things would never be the same again.
Now, to each other, they felt like strangers, remote and disconnected.
Lindsay, sensing the tension between Stella and Matthew, worried that Matthew might suddenly remember something.
She stepped in quickly to divert his attention.
She softly offered, “Matthew, maybe Stella is just worn out.
Since we know she’s safe, why don’t we let her stay the night and come back for her in the morning?”
Matthew remained silent, his eyes still fixed on Stella.
Lindsay, her voice laden with desperation, turned to Stella.
“Stella, please, I’m sorry… This isn’t Matthew’s fault.
He’s only worried about your safety after knowing that you were taken away by an unknown man…”
Though she aimed to calm the waters, her words only fueled Matthew’s fury.
The mere idea of another man whisking Stella away, her spending the night at his place, made Matthew’s blood seethe.
Matthew, mo longer able to hold himself back, stepped forward abruptly.
He seized Stella by the wrist, his voice commanding as he tried to pull her to his side.
“Come back with me!”
Stella, caught off guard by his forceful approach, instinctively fought back and cried out, “Matthew! Let me go! Stop this!”
Her vigorous resistance could have been overwhelming, or perhaps she was still not fully recovered.
As she continued to struggle, the effects of the earlier drinks surged back, dizzying her and unsteadying her stance.
Struggling to stay upright and fend off the nausea, Stella fought against the encroaching weakness.
Just then, Sanford stepped in.
He grabbed Matthew’s arm and supported Stella around the waist, stabilizing her to prevent a fall.
Matthew misunderstood the gesture entirely.
The closeness of the situation made him question Sanford’s intentions.
A surge of anger appeared in Matthew’s eyes as he sharply told Sanford, “Let her go.
”
###chapter2195
Sanford remained calm, replying steadily, “Can’t you see she’s unwell?”
It was only then that Matthew caught sight of Stella’s pale face, concern flashing in his expression.
Steadfast, Sanford pressed on.
“You’ve brought a woman here in the dead of night.
Stella’s innocent.
Quit stirring up trouble for her!”
Matthew found himself speechless, silenced by the accusation.
With a derisive snort, Sanford went on, “Look, it’s late.
You might not be tired, but let Stella rest.
We’ll handle this in the morning.
”
Matthew stood his ground.
“I need to take Stella home.
”
“Considering how she looks, do you think she’s in any state to leave with you?” Sanford countered.
He paused, and then suggested, “If you really don’t trust me, stay here tonight.
There’s a spare room you can use.
”
Matthew’s eyes remained locked on Stella, fatigue etched into every delicate feature of her face.
She stood as if the weight of the world had settled upon her shoulders, dragging her spirit down into the abyss.
Before he could so much as speak, her hand slipped from his grasp.
She inhaled sharply.
“I’m tired.
I need to rest.
Do whatever you want,” she muttered, her voice hollow as she turned away, disappearing inside without a backward glance.
Matthew watched her retreat, his face a canvas of conflicting emotions, torn between concern and helplessness.
Lindsay, sensing his turmoil, wheeled closer, her fingers brushing lightly against his sleeve, as if hoping to tether him to reason.
“Matthew, I didn’t think this through,” she whispered.
“But look at her-Stella’s exhausted, beyond anything I imagined.
Tomorrow, I’ll make her breakfast myself.
We’ll come back, and I’ll apologize properly.
”
Sanford, leaning casually against the doorframe, wore a smirk Like a mask, arms crossed, his eyes dancing with quiet mischief.
With a subtle shrug, Matthew freed his sleeve from Lindsay’s grasp, his thoughts already racing elsewhere.
He dismissed her words with the calm authority of a man whose mind had already been made.
“Robin,” he called over his shoulder, his voice firm, “see to it that your sister gets home safely.
We shouldn’t tire her out.
Don’t come back tomorrow-I’ll bring Stella myself.
”
Lindsay froze, her eyes widening with shock.
Was Matthew really staying here? To care for Stella?
The thought boiled inside her, hot and sharp like an ember lodged in her chest.
Her hands curled into fists, knuckles white as she bit back the words that teetered on the edge of her tongue.
Robin, catching Matthew’s drift, hurriedly interjected, “Matthew, you can’t just abandon my sister like this! She…”
Matthew’s cold, steely gaze silenced him before another word could escape.
One glance, and Robin’s heart faltered, the breath leaving him in a stuttering sigh.
He fell silent, swallowing his ions with a bitterness that burned on the way down.
Seeing the steely resolve etched into Matthew’s face, Lindsay masked her fury behind a tight, controlled smile.
“Fine.
I’ll leave first,” she said, her tone syrupy sweet yet tinged with bitterness.
“But please, don’t let this anger consume you.
Stella will cool off eventually, and I’ll personally apologize for Robin’s behavior.
”
Her words were soft, but beneath them, the sting of resentment was unmistakable, like honey laced with venom.
###chapter2196
Robin glared silently but obeyed, pushing Lindsay’s wheelchair, his frustration simmering just beneath the surface.
When they were gone, silence wrapped itself around the night like a suffocating fog.
Sanford shot Matthew a loaded glance, his lips curving into a smile.
“Mr.
Clark, please, come in.
”
Matthew moved forward without a word, his expression unreadable as his gaze drifted toward Stella’s closed door.
Sensing an opportunity to twist the knife, Sanford’s tone shifted to feigned concern.
“Whether you get your memory back or not, the Wheeler family will make you take responsibility for Lindsay’s injury.
You’d be wise to divorce Stella before she gets dragged into this mess.
”
Matthew remained silent, his gaze unwavering, fixed on that door.
Sanford, losing interest in the game, pointed lazily to a room.
“That’s the guest room.
Make yourself at home.
”
Without waiting for a response, he disappeared into his own room, conveniently located next to Stella’s.
Matthew Lingered in the now-empty living room, his thoughts a chaotic swirl.
Every encounter with Stella seemed to spiral into disaster.
And yet, here he was again-pulled back into her orbit as though the pull between them was too strong to resist.
A strange, suffocating pressure wrapped itself around his chest, his breath growing shallow.
Was it guilt? Regret? Or something even more elusive, a sensation he couldn’t name but felt with every fiber of his being?
He exhaled, a heavy breath laden with the weight of emotions he couldn’t begin to untangle.
No matter how hard he tried, the uneasy feeling wouldn’t release its grip on him.
Instead, it deepened, twisting into something primal, an instinctual need that surged through him like a current he could no longer ignore.
Before he realized it, his feet carried him forward, drawn irresistibly to Stella’s door as though an unseen force had seized hold of him.
The need to be close to her, to bridge the unspoken distance between them, consumed him entirely.
Matthew walked up to Stella’s room door, and without much thought, he extended his hand and seized the doorknob.
He had intended merely to test it; however, to his surprise, Stella had not locked the door.
With a slight nudge, it swung open.
This unexpected occurrence halted Matthew in his tracks, and his heart began to pound with sudden intensity.
Compelled as though by some unseen hand, he found himself stepping across the threshold.
Stella was already deep in sleep, her face marked with lines of discomfort and her hands tightly clasping the blanket.
Observing her in such distress, a profound sense of empathy surged through Matthew.
He moved closer, almost involuntarily, and stood in silence beside her bed.
It might have been the effects of alcohol, but Stella’s cheeks bore a rosy flush that rendered her especially enchanting.
The faint fragrance that hung in the air, mingled with the scent of alcohol, was utterly bewitching.
A profound impulse overtook Matthew, and his heart hammered as he reached out toward her face.
###chapter2197
However, just as his fingertips nearly grazed her skin, he was jolted back to reality.
Visions of Stella unconscious in her bed at Prosper Bay surged into his mind.
Apprehensive that he might again lose control, he swiftly withdrew his hand and exited the room.
Back in the Living room, Matthew sat in solitude for an extended period, wrestling with his emotions.
He recalled the documents that Fernando had prepared for him at his request, prompting him to retrieve his phone and review them.
The files included various news items about him and Stella, some of which had been removed from the internet.
He sifted through the documents, searching for any evidence of the individual he suspected was connected to Stella, the figure who haunted his thoughts earlier.
Yet, he found nothing pertinent-no news or information.
Doubts about his own perceptions began to creep in.
Was this supposed affair merely a concoction of his imagination?
He quickly dismissed such thoughts.
He was convinced that the mental images he harbored were more authentic than any journalistic account; despite his struggles with memory loss, those visions remained vivid.
He ruminated on these matters until the early morning, ultimately succumbing to exhaustion and falling asleep.
The following morning, Stella woke up gradually.
She remained lying down for a while, her gaze fixed on the ceiling as her thoughts coalesced and the events of the preceding evening slowly reassembled in her memory.
Anxiety twisted in her stomach.
Had Matthew departed? Perhaps he had left with Lindsay?
Contemplating these possibilities, a sense of loss enveloped her.
She inhaled deeply, attempting to sideline her thoughts about Matthew, and rose from the bed to depart.
Her plan was simple: to exit quietly and possibly extend her thanks to Sanford at a later time.
However, as she emerged from her room, she found Matthew asleep on the couch in the living room, still clad in yesterday’s attire.
Stella halted abruptly, her emotions entwined in confusion and surprise.
He really stayed?
She observed him quietly for a moment, her mind drifting back to the last time they had been close.
It was just before his business trip to Sothrea, where they had shared a wild, enchanting night at the resort.
That was just over a month ago, but to Stella, it felt like decades had passed.
###chapter2198
The memory was painful.
Holding back her tears, she decided to fetch a blanket for Matthew.
But as she turned to retrieve it, he grabbed her wrist.
Matthew’s eyes shot open, pinning her with a steady, intense look.
His voice was rough and deep.
“Where are you going?”
Stella, caught off guard and not wanting to admit her feelings, replied hastily, “I’m hungry.
I was just going to get some food.
”
Matthew sat up, still holding her wrist, and warned, “This isn’t our place.
If you’re hungry, we should head back.
I’ll have Fernando prepare something.
”
Looking into Matthew’s eyes, Stella retorted playfully, “I’d prefer something you made.
”
Matthew hesitated for a brief moment, and then admitted with an awkward tone, “I can’t…”
Stella, attempting to conceal her disappointment, quickly responded, “Is it that you can’t, or you don’t want to?”
Matthew appeared confused, as if struck by a sudden thought, and asked cautiously, “Did I use to cook?”
The realization only deepened Stella’s sadness; he had forgotten that as well.
Matthew had learned cooking after their relationship had improved, so it was understandable he might not recall it.
Stella made peace with this in her thoughts before responding with a forced smile, “Forget it then.
I need to get to my studio soon.
Just do whatever you like.
”
She then attempted to escape Matthew’s hold and leave.
However, Matthew gripped her wrist firmly, refusing to let her go.
Stella faced him, her expression a blend of frustration and resignation.
Before she could voice her feelings, Matthew declared, “Come home, I’ll cook for you.
”
Stella paused, momentarily transported back to their earlier sweet times by his words.
By the time she regained her composure, Matthew had already ushered her into the car.
Stella looked at Matthew awkwardly, unsure whether to exit the vehicle.
But before she could decide, Matthew had started the car.
Engrossed in their own thoughts, they drove in silence.
Upon returning to Prosper Bay, Matthew headed directly for the kitchen.
###chapter2199
Facing the array of kitchen tools, he felt somewhat out of his element.
When Stella entered the kitchen, she saw him standing motionless in front of the counter, his expression earnest.
Despite her expectations, she remarked, “You really don’t have to push yourself.
”
However, deep down, she hoped he would cook; perhaps it would spark some memories.
Determined and confident, Matthew insisted, “Go freshen up; breakfast will be ready soon.
”
Stella hesitated, skeptical of his assurance, and queried, “Are you sure about this?”
With a serious gaze, Matthew confidently responded, “Don’t underestimate me.
”
Stella chuckled lightly, and then ascended the stairs to freshen up without another word.
Once Stella was out of sight, Matthew opened the fridge to determine what to prepare.
Amid the various ingredients, he selected eggs and bread.
He anticipated that frying eggs might be difficult for him, yet to his surprise, he executed it seamlessly, producing a perfect fried egg.
Astonished by his own capability, Matthew stood in the kitchen, silently wondering if he truly could cook.
‘s BunnyBookery
Erin heard a noise in the kitchen and went in to investigate.
To her surprise, she found Matthew by the stove.
“Oh, it’s you, Mr.
Clark!” she exclaimed.
“It’s been quite some time since you last cooked for Mrs.
Clark.
With all the work lately, you haven’t had much time for her.
Now’s a good time to make up for that, isn’t it?”
Taken aback, Matthew asked, “Have I cooked often before?”
Erin, unaware of his struggle with memory issues, paused briefly, puzzled by his question.
Nevertheless, she answered honestly, “Yes, you actually took up cooking just for Mrs.
Clark.
”
As she began to reminisce, the memories came flooding back.
She recounted the times she had taught him some of her finest recipes.
After sharing these reflections, she let out a deep sigh.
“You’ve always been wonderful to Mrs.
Clark.
It’s clear how much you love her, and she loves you just as dearly.
No wonder everyone sees you two as the perfect pair with such a strong bond.
”
These words left Matthew in a profound, reflective silence.
When Stella descended the stairs, the breakfast table was already set, echoing Matthew’s distinctive style.
Yet, the sight that once brought her joy now only summoned a wave of sorrow.
As Stella approached, Erin, the attentive housekeeper, completed the arrangement of the tableware and said, “Mrs.
Clark, Mr.
Clark truly cares for you.
He prepared this lovely breakfast just after returning from his business trip.
”
Stella offered a faint smile in response, yet remained silent.
###chapter2200
Erin, sensing an undercurrent of distress in Stella’s demeanor, spoke with a gentler tone.
“Mrs.
Clark, you seem to have lost quite a bit of weight recently.
Mr.
Clark won’t be traveling for business anytime soon.
It might do you good to rest and nourish yourself properly.
”
Stella merely nodded, her voice soft.
“I understand.
Please, go on with your duties.
”
With a respectful nod, Erin withdrew silently.
When Matthew emerged from the kitchen and noticed Stella still lingering by the table, he urged, “Sit down and eat.
”
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
His voice, cool and distant, snapped Stella back to reality.
She glanced at him, heart heavy with the knowledge that he hadn’t regained his memory, and that their past sweetness was lost to them now.
With a quiet sigh, she took her seat and began to eat in silence.
The familiar flavors of the meal stirred memories, bringing tears to her eyes.
Yet, in Matthew’s presence, she restrained her emotions, eating mechanically, her gaze fixed on the plate.
Matthew sat across from her, observing her quietly.
Unaware of how long he had been watching, he suddenly spoke.
“I’m sorry.
” He paused, swallowing hard, and then said, “It was my fault last night.
”
At his words, a sob caught in Stella’s throat, her emotions threatening to spill over.
She kept her head bowed, too afraid to meet Matthew’s eyes, lest her tears betray her emotions.
Once she had regained her composure, she simply nodded and murmured, “Alright.
”
Matthew sensed Stella’s melancholy but was at a loss to pinpoint its cause.
His thoughts drifted to Lindsay, suspecting she might be the reason for Stella’s gloom.
Eager to clear the air, he began, “In fact, Lindsay—”
Stella’s heart skipped a beat.
She cut him off sharply, “I’m sorry.
T don’t want to hear her name.
”
Silenced, Matthew retreated into quietude once more.
The rest of the meal passed in an oppressive silence.
Stella never imagined a day when she and Matthew would sit across from each other with nothing to say.
The thought alone was enough to make her stomach turn; despite the appealing food before her, she found herself without an appetite.
Yet, because Matthew had prepared the meal for her, she forced herself to eat, swallowing the sadness with each bite.
###chapter2201
After breakfast, the heavy air between them became unbearable.
Stella set her utensils down with a definitive clink, stood up, and prepared to leave the house without another word.
As soon as she stepped onto the porch, his voice, tinged with confusion, halted her escape.
“Stella, did I ever love you?”
Though Matthew’s question was laden with the gravity of love, his tone was chillingly detached, as if he were merely confirming a fact.
Stella paused, the weight of his words anchoring her to the spot, deepening her despair.
From behind, Matthew’s voice wavered with uncertainty.
“Did I?”
Stella hesitated, unwilling to entertain such a question-a question to which she herself did not have an answer.
Bunny Bookery
She offered a bitter smile in response.
“Since you have forgotten, please do not ask me.
”
“Stella…” Matthew’s voice was a soft entreaty, marked by a frown of confusion.
Turning to face him, tears brimming in her eyes, she challenged him, “Even if I tell you, would you believe me?”
Matthew found himself at a loss for words.
Noticing his silence, Stella’s smile grew even more sorrowful.
Taking a deep breath, she gathered her composure and announced, have to handle something at the studio.
I need to get to work now.
Without another glance, she departed.
Matthew remained seated, watching her until she vanished from his sight.
Upon leaving the villa, Stella got directly into her car.
Before starting the engine, she remembered she had left without saying goodbye and hastily sent a message to Sanford.
Drained, she pondered how she would manage her relationship with Matthew going forward.
With a heavy sigh, she forced herself to calm down before driving to the studio.
Meanwhile, after Stella’s departure, Matthew headed straight to his company.
As soon as he stepped into the office, he summoned Fernando.
“Mr.
Clark, did you want to see me?” Fernando inquired, his tone respectful.
Matthew’s face remained impassive as he asked directly, “How did I end up with Stella?”
Fernando was momentarily taken aback, puzzled by the sudden question.
###chapter2202
After a brief pause, he replied honestly, “I’m not sure… At that time, Mrs.
Clark was your personal PR officer.
The next thing I knew, there were rumors of your secret marriage.
”
Matthew pondered for a moment before pressing further.
“Did I pursue her? Or was it the other way around?”
Observing Matthew’s earnest expression, Fernando responded with certainty, “As far as I can recall, you showed interest in her first.
You were unaware at the time that she was your wife from a quick, undisclosed marriage.
It troubled you for quite some time.
”
Matthew’s expression turned grave as he continued to probe.
“Did we ever have a wedding ceremony?”
“No.
” Fernando shook his head solemnly.
“But before you went to Sothrea, you had been making preparations for a wedding.
”
Hearing this, Matthew’s frown deepened.
“If I was in love with Stella at that time, why didn’t we have the wedding right away? Why was it postponed until now?”
“Well, you did have a wedding planned, but there was an accident,”
Fernando said, his voice tinged with nervousness.
He proceeded to recount the details of the previous unfinished wedding to Matthew, who listened with a mix of disbelief and confusion evident in his eyes.
Matthew had no recollection of the wedding, nor of the critical situation he had been in.
Disturbed by this revelation, he gestured dismissively for Fernando to leave.
AngelasLibrary
Alone, Matthew sat deep in thought before finally deciding to call Cordell.
Outside the office, Fernando exhaled a great sigh of relief.
Ever since Matthew lost part of his memory, his moods had become increasingly unpredictable.
Just then, a woman’s voice called out, “Fernando.
”
Coming back to reality, Fernando saw Lindsay and greeted her with due respect.
“Miss Wheeler, hi.
”
“Is Matthew in there?” Lindsay asked softly, her voice barely above a whisper.
“Yes,” Fernando replied candidly, not giving much thought to his immediate response.
Lindsay offered a gentle smile before maneuvering her wheelchair into the office.
Inside, Matthew stood in front of the French window, deeply engaged in a phone conversation.
Although Lindsay couldn’t see his face, her own expression shifted upon hearing his words.
“Find a way to help me regain my memory as soon as possible.
”
After hanging up the phone, Matthew turned around and caught sight of Lindsay sitting in her wheelchair.
A slight frown creased his forehead, and a fleeting shadow crossed his eyes.
He asked in a low, serious tone, “What brings you here?”
Lindsay felt a flicker of panic at his question, but she quickly regained her composure.
###chapter2203
She had come intending to gauge Matthew’s feelings about the events of the previous night, but her eyes had caught the invitation to a charity dinner lying on his desk, and her strategy shifted.
After a brief moment of contemplation, Lindsay spoke softly.
“Matthew, I heard that the renowned doctor, Ronan Watts, will be at the annual charity dinner in Seamarsh tonight.
Could you get me an invitation? I’d really like to meet him…”
Matthew knew of Dr.
Ronan Watts-a leading expert in treating disability caused by nerve problems.
He had been considering asking Ronan to examine Lindsay’s legs but hadn’t found the right moment to make an appointment.
The news that Ronan would be attending this year’s charity dinner was a twist of fate.
The charity dinner in Seamarsh was the epitome of high society.
Each year, it attracted the créme de la créme from various industries.
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
This influential event drew a glittering array of international celebrities, making it a highlight on the social calendar.
Given the event’s prestigious nature, every guest needed a personal invitation-entry was strictly by invite only.
Glancing at the invitation his assistant had left on his desk, Matthew made up his mind.
“I’ll take you there tonight,” he said, settling back in his chair.
Lindsay hadn’t anticipated such a quick agreement.
Her heart swelled with a quiet triumph, though she kept her expression neutral.
She feigned hesitation and asked softly, “Aren’t you planning to take Stella? I heard each invitation allows only one female companion.
”
Matthew’s voice was icy as he replied, “No.
”
Relieved, Lindsay felt a genuine surge of happiness.
After achieving what she wanted, Lindsay didn’t linger.
With a considerate smile, she said, “Alright, I’ll let you get back to your work.
I won’t take up any more of your time.
”
With that, she flashed a bright smile and made her exit.
Instead of heading home after leaving Prosperity Group, Lindsay decided to pay a visit to Stella’s studio.
Meanwhile, Stella was already at the studio.
Noticing that Stella had come in early that morning, Doreen felt a twinge of concern.
She immediately asked, “Stella, did Mr.
Twitty and his crew give you a hard time last night?”
Stella, not wanting Doreen to worry, gave a reassuring shake of her head.
“No, nothing like that.
”
Doreen’s brow furrowed with confusion.
“That’s odd.
I got a call from Mr.
Quimby saying he couldn’t get in touch with you.
I thought something might have happened.
”
Stella, unwilling to dwell on last night’s events, replied casually, “I must have muted my phone and missed the call.
Don’t worry about it.
I’m here, aren’t 1?”
Seeing Stella standing right there, Doreen didn’t question her further.
Still, she couldn’t help but grumble, “Well, thanks to you, Mr.
Twitty handed our sales channel back this morning.
I just don’t get why these business people have to be so unpredictable.
”
Stella scoffed inwardly.
She knew full well that Jack and his crew weren’t unpredictable in the slightest.
On the contrary, they were always looking for a way to mess with her.
Just then, a knock sounded at the door.
Doreen and Stella turned their heads toward the sound.
###chapter2204
A moment later, the maid stepped in, gently pushing Lindsay’s wheelchair ahead of her.
Lindsay had flowers cradled in her arms.
As she entered, she placed the flowers on the desk with a bright smile.
“Ever since I got back, I’ve been looking for a chance to visit your studio.
But I kept getting sidetracked until now.
”
As soon as Doreen caught sight of Lindsay, the woman rumored to be entangled with Matthew, her instincts sharpened, and she became exceedingly vigilant.
Yet, her guard faltered momentarily when she noticed Lindsay confined to a wheelchair, perplexing her with the reason for her visit.
Stella, with a discerning glance, perceived Lindsay’s intentions were far from innocent.
She didn’t give Lindsay a response, instead addressing Doreen crisply.
“You may step out.
”
Doreen, though puzzled, did not question further.
She nodded and withdrew from the room, Lindsay exchanged a telling glance with the maid, signaling her exit as well.
In the blink of an eye, the office held only Lindsay and Stella.
Despite her gentle demeanor, Lindsay’s presence was charged with tension.
“It’s my first time here,” she said softly, clutching the bouquet.
“I wasn’t sure what to bring, so I chose these flowers.
”
Stella, unresponsive to Lindsay’s gesture and unmoved by the floral peace offering, fixed her with a stern gaze.
“What are you doing here?”
She was certain Lindsay’s visit was not to tender an apology for last night’s debacle-nor did she desire such a disingenuous expression of regret.
Bunny Bookery
Lindsay met Stella’s gaze squarely, neither faltering nor replying immediately.
The air thickened as they locked eyes, an unspoken standoff lingering between them.
Finally breaking the silence with a smile, Lindsay ventured, “You know what? I genuinely wanted to be your friend when I returned.
If only you weren’t Mrs.
Clark…”
Stella cut her off, her voice devoid of emotion.
“Spare me your pointless words.
If this is about Matthew, then you have nothing I care to hear.
”
Unruffled by Stella’s cold dismissal, Lindsay adopted a regretful expression and sighed.
“You’ve been married to Matthew for nearly two years, and yet, no child? Do you realize a marriage barren of children is built on the shakiest grounds?”
Narrowing her eyes, Stella regarded Lindsay with renewed caution.
“What exactly are you implying?”
With a sly smile, Lindsay glanced toward her legs, and then back at Stella.
“My legs were broken saving Matthew.
If I were to use this as leverage to propose marriage, his entire family, including him, would hardly be in a position to deny me, right?”
At Lindsay’s audacious words, Stella’s breath hitched, but she swiftly regained her composure, refusing to let Lindsay’s provocations disturb her any further.
She challenged Lindsay.
“If you’re so confident they won’t refuse you, why haven’t you told Lucia and Waldo yet? And why haven’t you mentioned that Matthew lost part of his memory?”
Lindsay’s expression darkened, and just as she was about to retort, Stella cut her off again.
“Let me enlighten you-there are no secrets that time won’t reveal, and memory can always return.
If Matthew had his memories, do you really think he’d marry you just because you saved his life?”
###chapter2205
The rhetorical question hung heavily in the air, its answer obvious to both women.
Had Matthew retained his memories, he would never have considered leaving Stella.
Aware of this, Lindsay hastened to secure her position before the unpredictable tide of Matthew’s memory could turn.
Yet, she faced Stella with undiminished confidence, declaring, “That merely proves that even fate sides with me, doesn’t it? I saved Matthew.
How then did he still lose his memory, and specifically forget his love for you?”
Stella’s complexion blanched at the insinuation.
Lindsay’s smile widened, her satisfaction palpable as she observed Stella’s discomfort.
“Some things are destined.
Your marriage to Matthew was a mere mishap ~an anomaly that you must relinquish.
When he first joined the Clark family, I was the one by his side during those trying times.
It is he and I who are truly meant to weather any storm together.
”
When Stella locked gazes with Lindsay’s challenging stare, an unexpected calm washed over her.
She regarded Lindsay with a dismissive air, each word deliberate and clear.
“Matthew and I have weathered storms together, braving life-or-death challenges.
We fell in love and vowed to stand by each other through the ages.
I trust in the strength of our bond.
”
She paused, her voice steady as she continued, “As for you, cast aside by your birth parents and taken in by the Clarks, remember to be thankful.
Lucia nurtured you without ever demanding repayment.
So, I implore you, hold on to your conscience.
Do not disrupt the Clark household or shatter Lucia’s and Waldo’s hearts, especially before Matthew regains his memories.
”
AngelasLibrary
Chastened, Lindsay bit back her humiliation.
Her voice thick with resentment, Lindsay spat out, “Indeed, you’re a true spin doctor, so adept with your words.
”
With a slight curl of her lips, Stella advised, “I hope you won’t demean yourself by seeking me out again.
”
Realizing she was no match in this verbal sparring, Lindsay glanced at her watch with exaggerated nonchalance.
“What does it matter if you have the upper hand now? To Matthew, I am indispensable.
I must get ready for a dinner engagement with him this evening.
”
With a defiant toss of her head, she added, “I’ll make time to visit your studio.
”
She maneuvered her wheelchair to leave, but not before grabbing the bouquet she had brought and disdainfully tossing it into the trash.
“The flowers clash with your office decor.
They don’t belong here.
”
Stella maintained her composure, her smile unwavering until Lindsay exited.
Once the office door clicked shut, she slumped into her chair, drained of all vigor.
A solitary thought haunted her as she sat there defeated:
Matthew was attending a banquet tonight and Lindsay was his date.
How would he present her to the gathered crowd? Was he ready to let all of Seamarsh witness the cracks in their marriage?
Stella steeled herself.
She couldn’t afford to sit idly by.
Stella had resolved to enlist Doreen’s help to uncover details about the evening’s event.
However, before she could summon her, Doreen knocked and entered without preamble.
“Stella, Mr.
Quimby is here to see you.
He’s waiting outside.
”
###chapter2206
Sanford?
He was the sole bearer of that surname.
Stella’s surprise was palpable; Sanford’s unexpected visit threw her off balance.
She swiftly masked her confusion and directed Doreen to gather details about the evening’s dinner party before inviting him in.
Outside the office, Sanford overheard her instructions to Doreen.
As he stepped through the door, he halted Doreen with a calm assertion.
“You don’t have to gather information about it.
”
“What?” Doreen was stunned.
Stella, also puzzled, watched him.
With a knowing smile, Sanford pulled out an invitation and presented it to Stella.
“I’m here for the charity dinner.
”
Realization dawned on Stella, and she discreetly signaled for Doreen to leave.
Once alone, Sanford took a seat opposite her, extending the invitation.
It was only then that Stella recognized the significance of the event -the annual charity dinner in Seamarsh.
Her curiosity piqued, she queried, “Why do you have an invitation?”
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
Sanford responded with a resigned shrug.
“Don’t forget, I’m the design director of Sanz Group.
”
Stella smiled sheepishly.
“But you never attend these events, do you?”
He met her gaze intently, his eyes conveying deeper implications.
“Not unless you are my companion for the evening.
”
Caught off-guard by his directness, Stella found herself momentarily lost for words.
Noticing the hesitancy in Stella’s reaction, Sanford offered a reassuring smile.
“Don’t misunderstand; I was merely jesting.
Another executive from Sanz Group will be attending the dinner as well, and I thought it might be beneficial for you to meet him-it could be advantageous for your brand development.
”
Once he had clarified his intentions, his tone became more earnest.
“So, will you agree to be my companion for the evening?”
Stella examined the invitation in her hand, mulling over the proposal.
After a brief pause, she responded with a decisive, “OK.
”
Sanford, unfazed by her acceptance, probed further.
“Why were you so eager to find out about tonight’s dinner party in Seamarsh?”
###chapter2207
Stella, unwilling to divulge specifics, responded curtly, “Nothing.
I was merely curious.
”
Noticing her hesitation, Sanford refrained from pressing further and inquired gently, “Would you like a stylist to assist with your makeup?”
Stella politely declined, stating, “It’s not a big deal.
I can handle it myself.
See you tonight.
”
“Very well.
I’ll pick you up later.
”
With that, Sanford stood and departed.
Glancing at her watch, Stella contacted the makeup team.
She didn’t need to leverage her status as Mrs.
Clark; her connections with Bella and other prominent figures in the design world sufficed.
.
.
Library
A simple phone call ensured that a top-tier makeup team would prepare her.
At precisely eight o’clock, Sanford arrived at the studio to collect her.
As Stella emerged and descended the stairs, she exuded elegance.
Draped in a lilac dress, the soft purple fishtail skirt trailed gracefully behind her, reminiscent of a mermaid rising from the ocean’s depths.
The silk fabric accentuated her curves perfectly, and her long hair cascaded casually over her chest, enhancing the smoothness and delicacy of her complexion.
Sanford momentarily lost focus as he beheld her.
The hem of her dress danced with her fluid movements, tugging at his heartstrings.
“Let’s go,” Stella said, flashing a bright smile.
It was only then that Sanford regained his composure, collected himself, and opened the door for her with a gentlemanly gesture.
The party took place in a castle owned by Prosperity Group.
When Stella, Linked arm-in-arm with Sanford, entered the grand hall, they immediately attracted attention, and whispers rippled through the crowd.
“Isn’t she Mr.
Clark’s wife? It’s been a while since we’ve seen her.
She looks even more stunning now.
”
“But why isn’t she accompanied by Mr.
Clark?”
“Did you notice? Mr.
Clark arrived separately, pushing a woman in a wheelchair.
”
“The man with Stella is quite striking too.
He carries an imposing presence, almost on par with Mr.
Clark.
Who could he be?”
“Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark are truly exceptional.
In all my years in Seamarsh, they remain the most remarkable couple I’ve encountered.
”
“Have they divorced? Oddly, they appear separately and with different companions.
”
“That can’t be true! Don’t jump to conclusions.
”
###chapter2208
The guests continued their speculation.
Stella’s expression changed slightly when she overheard the murmurs, but she maintained her poise and composure.
Standing beside Sanford, she did not merely complement him but eclipsed him with her renowned status as a designer.
Matthew, who had arrived earlier, noticed the stir at the entrance and looked over, spotting the radiant Stella and Sanford by her side.
Matthew’s expression darkened, and the veins on his forehead bulged.
Sitting beside Matthew, Lindsay had made a special effort to dress elegantly for the evening, hoping to complement Matthew.
However, the wheelchair confined her.
Seeing Stella, who captured everyone’s attention, Lindsay’s envy and bitterness surged.
Though she wanted to express her feelings, she dared not do so in front of Matthew.
Instead, she buried her jealousy and anger deep inside.
AngelasLibrary
She recognized that Stella’s radiant appearance was deliberately intended to provoke her.
Yet, in a way, that was what Lindsay desired-she had feared that Stella might not show up.
Observing Matthew’s intense focus on Stella, Lindsay feigned shock and remarked, “Isn’t the man with Stella the same one from last night? They seem quite close.
”
At her words, Matthew’s fury erupted.
He slammed the empty glass onto the table.
Lindsay was pleased with how Matthew reacted.
She went on to provoke further.
“What’s the connection between Stella and that man? Why did she come with him? Does she think this is okay?”
Matthew’s expression grew even more unsettled.
He didn’t respond to Lindsay and abruptly turned to walk away.
Looking at Stella, Lindsay instructed the maid, “Follow him.
”
The maid stepped up and began pushing Lindsay’s wheelchair.
Though Stella seemed indifferent to Matthew, Lindsay was very noticeable in her wheelchair.
When Stella entered the hall earlier, she had noticed the two.
Her gaze would drift toward Matthew, intentionally or unintentionally.
But in an instant, both Matthew and Lindsay had vanished.
Stella’s brow furrowed as she looked around, searching for them.
Just then, Sanford grabbed her wrist and asked, “What are you Looking at?”
Stella’s eyes flickered with unease.
She forced a smile and replied, “Nothing.
”
“The head of Sanz Group is over there.
Let’s meet him.
” Sanford didn’t ask any more questions.
Instead, he got straight to work.
Stella composed herself and agreed, “Okay.
”
###chapter2209
The head of Sanz Group, Josh West, was young, about Sanford’s age, and well-respected in the industry.
“This is Josh West, the head of Sanz Group,” Sanford introduced him to Stella.
Then looking at Stella, he added, “This is Stella Anderson, the talented designer I’ve told you about.
”
Stella offered her hand and greeted him.
“Mr.
West, it’s a pleasure to meet you.
”
Josh returned the gesture with a smile and a handshake.
“I’ve heard you’re looking to start your own brand?”
After Stella confirmed, they spent some time discussing her plans for the brand, and he offered her helpful advice.
Their conversation was Lively and enjoyable.
It was clear Josh held her in high regard.
“Should the opportunity arise, I’d ensure Sanz Group works with you.
”
Stella responded humbly, “It would be an honor.
”
After their business discussion, Josh turned between Stella and Sanford, then back to Stella and said, “This is the first time.
Sanford has introduced someone to me.
You two must be quite close, right, Ms.
Anderson? Calling you Ms.
Anderson feels a bit formal.
After all, Sanford and I are good friends.
How should I address you?”
Stella quickly clarified, “Mr.
Quimby and I are just friends.
You can call me Stella, just like he does.
”
Josh gave Sanford a knowing look and subtly raised an eyebrow.
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
Meanwhile, Matthew was talking with the host of the charity dinner.
Upon noticing Josh, William Robbins, the host, warmly greeted him.
“Hello, Mr.
West.
”
Josh smiled and raised his glass.
“Mr.
Robbins, it’s been too long.
”
“Absolutely.
We should catch up soon,” William responded.
His gaze then shifted to Stella and Sanford standing with Josh.
He said to Josh, “I didn’t realize they were your friends.
Maybe you could introduce them to me and Mr.
Clark? They’ve really made an impression tonight.
”
Hearing the name “Mr.
Clark”, Stella felt her heart race.
She was particularly aware of Matthew’s gaze on her.
She kept her head down, feeling a mix of excitement and nervousness.
None of the others seemed to notice the tension between Stella and Matthew.
Josh made the introductions briefly, and they exchanged nods.
William, knowing Matthew’s influence, saved a formal introduction for him till last.
He said, “This is Mr.
Clark from Prosperity Group.
You’ve probably heard of him, haven’t you?”
Josh acknowledged with a smile.
“I’ve heard quite a bit about you, Mr.
Clark, but this is our first meeting.
”
Matthew, accustomed to such events, smiled in greeting.
However, his attention remained mostly on Stella throughout.
###chapter2210
With a pleasant smile gracing her face, Stella played the role of a listener, attentively standing beside Sanford.
Occasionally, he would steer the conversation toward her, eliciting timely responses from her side.
The atmosphere thrummed with harmony.
William, holding a favorable impression of Stella, mistook her for one of Josh’s employees and seized the moment to commend Josh, saying, “Mr.
West, your eye for talent is truly unique.
It seems you’ve scooped up all the bright minds for your own enterprise.
”
Josh cast a hesitant glance at Sanford, uncertain whether to correct the assumption.
In contrast, Sanford looked at Matthew with a provocative air before he clarified, “Mr.
Robbins, I’m afraid there’s been a misunderstanding.
Stella isn’t an employee at Sanz Group.
She is, in fact, the long-lost daughter recently welcomed back by the Lowell family.
”
A ripple of surprise passed through everyone present upon hearing this revelation.
William’s mind raced to the gossip he had encountered.
The daughter the Lowell family had just reclaimed was none other than Matthew’s wife!
He looked at Matthew, his expression one of utter bewilderment.
Meanwhile, Stella extended her hand to William with elegance.
“Mr.
Robbins, I’ve heard much about you.
I’m thrilled to finally meet you in person.
”
A flicker of embarrassment crossed William’s face as he responded, “Mrs.
Clark, you look radiant tonight.
It was remiss of me not to recognize you immediately.
”
As he spoke, William kept a watchful eye on Matthew, trying to decipher the couple’s underlying motives.
Throughout the exchange, only Lindsay remained overlooked.
.
.
Library
Seated in her wheelchair, she was rendered invisible, with no one acknowledging her presence or even inquiring about her identity.
She became almost transparent.
The attention concentrated on Stella made it increasingly difficult for her to maintain her composed demeanor.
Her smile, once genuine, now appeared painfully forced.
Eager to amend his earlier faux pas, William suggested, “Now that Mr.
and Mrs.
Clark are both present, would you grace us with the opening dance later? It would certainly add a splendid touch to tonight’s charity dinner.
”
Stella instinctively looked toward Matthew, her expression one of uncertainty.
She hesitated to respond without knowing Matthew’s stance on the matter.
Sanford and Lindsay also turned their attention to Matthew, anticipating his decision.
Gripping the armrests of her wheelchair, Lindsay’s emotions were a tangled mix of jealousy and fear.
She envied Stella’s radiant presence and lamented her own inability to stand and shine similarly.
Moreover, she dreaded Matthew’s impending response.
As Lindsay wrestled with her feelings, Matthew finally spoke up.
He fixed his gaze on Stella and declared with a warm smile, “I’m glad.
”
Relieved by his affirmation, Stella exhaled softly and her smile broadened.
###chapter2211
Meanwhile, the last flicker of hope in Lindsay’s heart extinguished.
Resigned to her situation, Lindsay didn’t dare to cause a scene.
Instead, she silently endured her bitter emotions.
Meanwhile, Josh observed the unfolding dynamics with keen interest, his eyes occasionally darting to catch Sanford’s reaction.
Yet Sanford remained an enigma, his composure unshaken and his expression inscrutable.
As the music swelled through the venue, Matthew extended his hand with genteel grace, inviting Stella to join him.
He bowed slightly, and with a flourish, led her to the dance floor.
The lights dimmed, casting shadows around the room, and as the orchestra played, Matthew and Stella moved with effortless elegance.
Around them, the crowd mingled; William, Sanford, and Josh circulated among the guests, leaving Lindsay isolated in her wheelchair.
Her lips pressed into a thin line, her eyes fixed bitterly on the couple intertwined in dance.
Each step they took seemed to fuel the growing hatred within her.
Unable to watch any longer, the maid approached Lindsay, hoping to offer some solace.
In a gentle whisper, she reassured, “Miss Wheeler, don’t be saddened.
Your legs will heal, and you’ll be able to dance with Mr.
Clark someday.
”
Lindsay’s frustration boiled over.
“What do you know?” she snapped, her voice raw with emotion.
“Shut up!”
On the dance floor, Matthew enveloped Stella in his arms, marking their first dance.
The significance of the moment weighed on Stella, particularly because Matthew’s memory had betrayed him, making her wonder if their dance was just a farcical twist of fate.
Her nerves jittered as they began to move to the rhythm.
As the music swelled, an unspoken understanding blossomed between them.
Stella exhaled a sigh of relief and her hand found a natural rest on Matthew’s shoulder.
The dim lighting cloaked them in intimacy, the delicate scent of each other’s presence weaving through the air.
Her voice, soft yet tinged with self-mockery, broke the silence.
“I used to daydream about this moment, concocting countless scenarios of our first dance.
I never imagined it would happen when we had become strangers.
”
Matthew felt a pang in his chest, a silent acknowledgment of the poignancy of her words.
His response lingered in the air, unsaid, as Stella’s sense of the absurd grew.
This was the first time Matthew had brought another woman to a social event while they were both in the same city.
Stella had nearly resigned herself to his silence when he finally leaned closer, his gaze piercing as he inquired in a deep, resonant tone, “You came here with Sanford tonight just to provoke me, didn’t you?”
Her smile was wry.
“Are you annoyed?”
His silence returned, thicker this time.
With a sneer, Stella pushed further.
“I don’t think so.
Otherwise, you wouldn’t have brought Lindsay.
”
Matthew’s expression tightened, his brow furrowed in frustration.
“I had a legitimate reason to bring her,” he asserted, his voice stiff.
###chapter2212
“The same is true for me and Sanford,” Stella retorted, her tone as rigid as her stance.
As they gazed into each other’s eyes, Stella and Matthew moved in perfect harmony across the dance floor, a symphony of motion that belied the simmering tension between them.
The illusion of unity was abruptly shattered when Matthew’s expression morphed into one of sudden alarm.
Stella, noticing the abrupt change, opened her mouth to question him.
But before she could utter a word, Matthew abruptly halted and released her from his embrace.
The music was still playing.
Stella was stunned.
Without uttering a word, Matthew turned on his heel and walked away.
As Stella watched him, she saw that he was heading toward the spot Lindsay had been in.
Yet, Lindsay was nowhere to be found at that moment.
Only the maid remained, anxiously speaking to Matthew.
Stella’s heart felt as though it were shattering.
Her husband had abandoned her midway through the dance.
How could she not perceive this as an insult?
Stella could almost feel the curious, pitying glances of the onlookers.
Forcing a smile, she retreated from the dance floor alone.
As she emerged, Sanford approached her with two glasses of wine.
He handed one of the glasses to Stella with a reassuring smile and remarked, “I heard there was an issue with that woman’s legs.
Instead of seeing a doctor, she chose to seek out Matthew, a businessman.
How intriguing.
”
With a composed expression, Stella accepted the glass and took a drink, attempting to drown her discomfort in the alcohol.
However, she drank too quickly.
Still recovering from a bout of alcohol poisoning the previous day, the spicy wine made her choke, causing her to cough uncontrollably.
Her face flushed a deep red from the effort, and it looked like she might be on the verge of vomiting.
Noticing her distress, Sanford gently patted her on the back and advised, “Drink slowly.
It takes time to appreciate the wine.
”
It took a while for Stella to regain her composure.
Her eyes were reddened-whether from the coughing or the bitterness in her heart, it was hard to tell.
Seeing her state, Sanford continued, “Have you given it any more thought? If you don’t divorce Matthew, incidents like today will recur.
No one wants to deal with another woman in their relationship, especially when Matthew seems to have forgotten everything that matters.
”
###chapter2213
Stella pursed her lips, lost in deep contemplation.
Sanford shook his head in resignation and said, “Matthew has left.
Do you want to stay, or should I drive you back?”
Stella wanted to leave, but she was reluctant to have him drive her home.
As she pondered how to decline, Josh suddenly approached.
He looked visibly anxious.
Grasping Sanford’s hand, he said, “I’m sorry, Stella.
An urgent matter has come up.
I need to take Sanford away for a while.
Why don’t you find somewhere to sit for a bit?”
Without giving Sanford a chance to respond, Josh whisked him away.
Stella felt a sense of relief wash over her, grateful she didn’t have to reject Sanford’s offer herself.
Setting down her glass, she exited the banquet hall, craving some fresh air.
Just then, she heard Matthew’s voice from a nearby corner.
“How can you be sure it was her?”
Stella was taken aback.
It seemed Matthew hadn’t left yet.
Curious, she peeked around the corner and saw Matthew standing next to Lindsay, evidently waiting for Fernando to bring the car.
Stella paused, contemplating whether to turn back.
But at that moment, Lindsay’s voice reached her ears.
“He warned me to stay away from you when he left.
Apart from Stella, no one here would assert their position so boldly,” Lindsay said, her tone a mix of hesitation and grievance.
Stella’s heart skipped a beat.
What was going on? Had Lindsay just accused her of something significant?
Trying to gauge Matthew’s reaction, Stella stood on tiptoe, straining to catch a glimpse of how he would respond.
But Matthew was too tall, and from Stella’s awkward vantage point, she couldn’t see his face at all-only hear his voice.
In a deep, resonant tone, Matthew said, “Although I have forgotten about my past with Stella, she was chosen by my grandparents.
I am confident she is of good character.
”
Stella was confused.
For a moment, she was at a loss.
Should she dwell on Lindsay’s possible manipulation or be surprised that Matthew defended her?
Lindsay, with a dejected sigh, continued, “It’s not new that Stella dislikes me.
Since my return, she has been targeting me.
Just now, she had someone warn me to stay away from you.
Anyway, I’m disabled now.
I no longer pose any threat to her.
”
Matthew remained silent.
Lindsay pressed on, “If I truly annoy her so much, just send me away from Seamarsh.
My legs are useless.
If you expel me, I won’t be able to return.
Just leave me be; you don’t have to concern yourself with me at all.
”
As she spoke, tears welled up in her eyes.
“If I stay in Seamarsh, I might be pushed down by Stella, threatened, or have water splashed on me.
Who knows what might happen?”
Stella’s frown deepened as she listened.
###chapter2214
Lindsay had managed to impress her once again.
It seemed Lindsay was not only adept at acting but also skilled in spinning tales.
Lindsay wasn’t finished.
She wiped away her tears and adopted a tough, composed demeanor.
“Matthew, don’t worry.
I’ll make sure to avoid Stella in the future.
I won’t be seen in the same places as her and won’t cause you any trouble.
”
After a prolonged silence, Matthew finally spoke.
In a deep, soothing voice, he reassured her, “I’m sorry for the distress you’ve endured.
I’ll handle it.
”
At his words, Lindsay turned to him with a smile, her face softening with a gentle, considerate expression.
“Please speak to her kindly.
Don’t argue with her.
I don’t want to jeopardize your relationship.
”
Stella was left speechless, a wave of disgust washing over her.
Lindsay’s presence was clearly the greatest obstacle between her and Matthew.
Stella couldn’t see Matthew’s expression clearly.
All she noticed was that Lindsay, with a hesitant yet determined gesture, reached out as if she were about to grasp his hand.
Just as her fingers were about to make contact, he abruptly moved behind her and began to push her wheelchair.
With a crestfallen look, Lindsay awkwardly withdrew her outstretched hand.
She raised it to her hair, fidgeting in an attempt to mask her embarrassment.
After a moment of silence, Lindsay abruptly spoke.
“By the way, Matthew, make sure to remind Stella not to get too chummy with other men.
She’s still part of the Clark family, after all.
She needs to be mindful of her reputation when she’s out and about, or it could reflect poorly on the family.
”
Stella could no longer tolerate it.
She stormed out and marched straight up to Matthew and Lindsay, confronting them directly.
“Let’s clear this up.
Which man did I supposedly have an intimate relationship with?”
Lindsay was taken aback, her surprise evident as she hadn’t expected Stella to suddenly appear and overhear their conversation.
Feeling flustered as her deception was laid bare, Lindsay quickly lowered her gaze and pretended to be fearful.
“Stella… Don’t get me wrong…”
Before she could finish her sentence, Stella approached her silently and delivered a sharp slap to her face.
The sound was crisp and resonant.
The force of the slap left both Matthew and Lindsay in stunned silence.
The slap was so severe that a bright red handprint marred Lindsay’s cheek.
The stinging pain brought Lindsay back to her senses.
She covered her cheek in disbelief and burst into tears.
Stella snapped, “Did you ever consider that someone might be listening while you speak ill of others? Where’s your conscience when you lie?”
Still seething with anger, Stella raised her hand once more.
But this time, her hand was halted mid-air.
With a stern expression, Matthew grasped her wrist and asked, “What do you think you’re doing?”
Stella fixed Lindsay with a disdainful look and sneered.
“If Lucia had known that Lindsay would turn out like this, she never would have sent her abroad.
What happened while Lindsay was overseas? She’s forgotten even the most basic principles of decency.
”
###chapter2215
Lindsay, unable to defend herself, simply covered her cheek, bowed her head, and sobbed quietly.
Stella, feeling a pang of sympathy for Lucia, couldn’t help but ask, “Lindsay, don’t you feel any guilt when you face Lucia?”
But Lindsay continued to cry, putting on a show of victimhood.
Stella was convinced that Lindsay was beyond redemption.
Her eyes fell on the water stains marring Lindsay’s dress, and recalling Lindsay’s earlier words, Stella understood immediately.
Turning to Matthew, she spoke with measured calm.
“I didn’t instruct anyone to warn or intimidate Lindsay, nor have I damaged the Clark family’s reputation in any way.
Sanford was a student funded by my father and a friend of Bennett.
His relationship with me is akin to Lindsay’s with your family.
” 2
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
Having made her point, Stella pulled her wrist from his grip, turned on her heel, and walked away, ignoring his reaction.
Matthew’s gaze lingered on her retreating figure for a long while.
As Stella continued down the street, she spotted Fernando driving by.
She kept her gaze forward and walked straight ahead.
Upon reaching the corner, she glanced back quietly.
However, neither Matthew nor Lindsay remained where they had been.
With a heavy heart, Stella leaned slowly against the wall and took several deep breaths, trying to steady herself.
After leaving the party, Matthew took Lindsay to a shopping mall to pick out a new dress.
When she emerged in her new outfit, she glanced at Matthew with hopeful eyes and asked, “Matthew, how do I look?”
Matthew nodded curtly.
“Let’s go with this one.
”
He then proceeded to the cashier with an air of impatience, paying for the dress without another word.
Lindsay’s spirits sank as she felt a growing unease.
After the transaction, Matthew said flatly, “I’ll have Fernando take you home.
”
Lindsay was taken aback.
“Now?”
Matthew explained, “Dr.
Watts’ flight has been canceled.
He won’t be coming tonight.
”
Lindsay clenched her fists, barely noticing the sharp sting of her nails digging into her palms.
She hesitated before asking, “What about you? Are you going back to the charity party?”
Matthew’s expression remained unchanged.
“The party isn’t over yet.
I should return.
”
Anxiety surged within her, prompting an impulsive question.
“Are you going back for Stella?”
As soon as the words left her lips, she realized her mistake.
Quickly, she attempted to clarify, her feigned concern for Stella evident.
“I mean, she was with that man last night.
Who knows what he’s up to?”
###chapter2216
Matthew’s brow furrowed, his displeasure clear.
“Don’t go looking for Stella again.
Avoid any contact with her.
”
Lindsay was momentarily stunned.
Why was Matthew suddenly so concerned about Stella’s well-being? Hadn’t he lost his memory?
Despite her confusion, she chose not to question him further, not wanting to raise his suspicions.
After a pause, she replied, her voice tinged with resignation, “I understand.
I’ll do as you say.
”
Matthew nodded and was about to call Fernando.
In a rush, Lindsay said, “Matthew, I really don’t want to go back home yet.
.
”
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
Matthew’s expression soured further.
Lindsay fought back tears, casting a glance at her legs as she implored, “Matthew, please, take me back to the party.
I’m begging you.
It’s been ages since I’ve been to one.
With my condition, my chances of attending another party will only diminish…”
Matthew’s eyes flicked to the wheelchair, and after a moment of hesitation, he gave a reluctant nod.
Meanwhile, Stella had returned to the banquet hall, just in time for the charity auction.
Sanford, having wrapped up his work, scanned the room and spotted Stella in a corner.
Concerned by her demeanor, he approached and asked, “Is something wrong? Where did you go?”
Stella forced a smile and replied, “I just needed some fresh air.
”
Sanford looked as though he wanted to probe further, but Stella, sensing his intent, quickly steered the conversation.
“The auction is about to start.
Shall we head over?”
Sanford gave her a thoughtful look but chose to remain silent.
They took their seats together.
As Stella settled in, she noticed a sign with Matthew’s name on the chair next to them.
Stella’s expression shifted slightly as she tried to redirect her focus.
Sanford handed her the auction list and asked, “Is there anything you like? I can bid on it for you.
”
Stella declined with a polite smile, “Thank you, but there’s no need.
”
Sanford persisted, his smile widening.
“Are you sure? Or is it that you don’t want me to go through the trouble?”
With a hint of embarrassment, Stella responded honestly, “You’ve already done so much for me, and I haven’t repaid you.
How can I accept this as a gift?”
Sanford was taken aback by her response.
Raising an eyebrow slightly, he replied firmly, “I haven’t had the chance to repay your father’s kindness, and I didn’t prepare a gift before seeing you.
Consider this your gift.
”
Given his insistence, Stella couldn’t refuse again.
She took the list, skimmed it briefly, and selected a necklace.
“I’ll choose this one, then.
”
###chapter2217
After making her choice, her gaze instinctively drifted to the seats beside her.
Matthew and Lindsay had yet to arrive.
In the middle of the auction, Matthew escorted Lindsay inside.
The room was quiet, and the sound of her wheelchair moving drew everyone’s attention.
As they entered, all eyes were immediately drawn to them.
Stella noticed Lindsay had put on a new dress, a radiant white one that cast her in a light of innocence and beauty, adding to her already pitiful allure.
Lindsay, ushered into the room by Matthew, relished the attention, responding with a shy, gentle smile.
Stella watched them with a frosty gaze, her emotions unreadable.
She was haunted by Sanford’s earlier words, realizing that if she didn’t leave Matthew, scenes like this would replay endlessly.
.
.
Library
A shadow passed over Stella’s face as she looked away, trying to spare herself further pain.
Yet, escaping the situation proved challenging.
The arrangement of the seating left no space to maneuver a wheelchair.
Lindsay leaned close to Matthew and whispered, “Could you carry me over there?”
Caught off guard, Matthew hesitated.
Without them seated, the auction remained at a standstill.
ALL eyes remained fixed on them.
Embarrassment colored Lindsay’s cheeks a deeper shade.
Stella tried not to look at them, but it was as though she was compelled to torment herself by turning her gaze to them.
Just then, she saw Matthew gently Lift Lindsay into his arms.
Clasping her hands around Matthew’s neck, Lindsay’s demeanor was bashful.
Stella felt a sharp pang in her heart, so intense it took her breath away.
Matthew, his expression unreadable, carried Lindsay to their seats.
He sat down beside Stella, making space for Lindsay next to him.
Stella was so close to Matthew that she could catch the scent of Lindsay’s perfume on him.
She closed her eyes, the sensation like a blade twisting in her chest.
###chapter2218
Upon opening her eyes, Stella steeled herself, regaining her composure.
The auction resumed.
The antique diamond necklace that caught Stella’s eye was eagerly awaited by many tonight.
The auctioneer stepped onto the stage and announced, “The opening bid for this item is a million dollars, with each additional bid raising the price by 200, 00@ dollars.
”
Right after his announcement, Sanford lifted his paddle to bid.
However, the necklace was the main attraction for many, sparking a flurry of bids.
The bids quickly escalated to 3 million dollars.
Looking at the necklace, Lindsay murmured, “It’s truly stunning.
Stella has exquisite taste.
It’s no wonder Sanford is going all out to win it.
”
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
Upon hearing her, Matthew raised his paddle without showing any emotion.
Lindsay was taken aback.
Before she could gather her thoughts, she heard Sanford pushing the price higher.
But Matthew was relentless and doubled the bid on the spot.
“6.
4 million dollars.
”
Stella felt a swirl of emotions when she heard Matthew.
Had she not witnessed the intimate exchange between Lindsay and Matthew, she might have believed he was buying the necklace for her.
With this thought, a bitter smile crossed Stella’s lips as she seized Sanford’s paddle and shouted, “8 million dollars.
”
This bid caused a stir among the crowd.
ALL eyes turned to Matthew and Stella, curious about the couple’s intentions.
Lindsay’s face shifted subtly; she guessed that Stella might have misunderstood something about Matthew’s action, prompting her to further mislead Stella.
She leaned in and whispered to Matthew, “I really love this necklace.
”
However, Matthew did not place another bid, as if he hadn’t heard her at all.
The auctioneer announced Stella as the new owner of the necklace.
After the auction, a staff member handed Stella the bill to sign.
Taking the bill, Stella passed it to Matthew in front of everyone and said with a smile, “We are a couple.
It doesn’t matter who pays.
”
Everyone kept glancing over at Stella and Matthew, their eyes wide with curiosity and an obvious thirst for gossip.
Stella and Matthew had arrived separately, each with their own companion.
###chapter2219
The moment they stepped into the venue, the other guests had begun to whisper among themselves.
The couple had always been the center of attention whenever they attended an event together, and practically everyone in Seamarsh knew that they were madly in love.
Yet tonight, not only had they come with different people, but the atmosphere between them was palpably tense.
So when they heard Stella ask Matthew to pay up, everyone became all the more invested and eager to watch the drama unfold.
Lindsay was mortified at the strange looks that were being thrown her way.
She couldn’t help but glance over at Stella, her heart filled with resentment.
Lindsay understood Stella’s meaning all too well.
Stella was reminding her that no matter what sort of trick she played, at the end of the day, Stella was still Matthew’s rightful wife.
When the brief moment of shock wore off, the staff member warily approached Matthew with the bill.
“Mr.
Clark, please sign here.
”
Stella gave Matthew a smile that didn’t reach her eyes.
“Thank you, honey.
”
The endearment snapped Matthew back to the present, his eyes darting toward Stella’s lips as his heart began to race.
Without saying anything, he plucked the pen from his jacket pocket and looked at the bill.
Lindsay’s hands balled into fists when she saw this, but she wasn’t about to give up just yet.
She reached over and tugged slightly at Matthew’s sleeve in a bid to stop him.
“Matthew,” she called out softly, “this…”
“It’s just a necklace,” Matthew interrupted her before she could finish her protest.
Under everyone’s watchful eyes, he signed his name without missing a beat.
It didn’t take long to complete the paperwork, and the staff member was soon handing over the necklace to Stella.
She ran her fingers down the stones and beamed at Matthew.
“Thank you for the gift, honey.
And thank you for such a generous donation to the less fortunate.
”
Stella calmly deposited the jewelry into her bag.
As she did so, she managed to catch Lindsay’s glare from the corner of her eye.
Unfazed, Stella smiled warmly at Lindsay.
This only fanned the flames of Lindsay’s fury.
She couldn’t bear to stay for much longer, so she turned to Matthew with a look of grievance.
“I’m tired, Matthew.
Can you take me home?”
Matthew’s eyes lingered on Stella for a few seconds longer, and then he silently ushered Lindsay away.
Stella’s smile gradually faded as she watched them leave.
This development puzzled the busybodies even more.
Just what in the world was going on?
Despite their raging speculations, no one was foolish enough to voice them out.
No one even dared to make a single snide comment.
Instead, everyone dispersed and carried on with their respective conversations.
A cocktail party was scheduled to follow after the auction, but Stella no longer felt like staying.
She turned to Sanford with an apologetic smile.
“I’m so sorry, but I have other business to attend to.
I’m afraid I need to leave now.
”
###chapter2220
Sanford’s jaw clenched.
Irritation rippled beneath his cool demeanor.
“Stella can make her own choices.
She isn’t someone to be ordered around.
”
Both men turned expectantly to her.
The party had just wrapped up, with guests filing out of the entrance.
Curious onlookers cast furtive glances their way.
Some bolder souls whispered among themselves.
“What’s going on?” one murmured.
“Looks like Stella’s caught the attention of two powerful men.
”
“You shouldn’t say that.
You don’t want to upset either of these guys.
”
Already in a pickle, Stella grew increasingly uncomfortable as the murmurs reached her ears.
Matthew, however, seemed oblivious to the chatter.
His unwavering gaze bored into her, as if he’d stand there till she agreed to come home with him.
Feeling caught between a rock and a hard place, Stella wanted to nip any further gossip in the bud.
Besides, Matthew had just escorted Lindsay home, and now he was back, insisting on taking her home.
How would that look to everyone?
Her expression frosted over as she turned to him.
“That won’t be necessary.
Sanford’s got it covered.
Carry on with your evening.
”
Without waiting for his response, she turned and moved toward Sanford’s car.
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
Matthew instinctively moved to intervene, but suddenly, a splitting headache struck him like a bolt from the blue.
He winced, clutching his temples, his face a mask of agony.
Fragmented images flashed through his mind, even hazier than before, causing him immense discomfort.
Stella, about to depart, caught Matthew’s distress from the corner of her eye.
She recalled his previous episode in the office and couldn’t help but feel a twinge of concern.
She turned back, noticing his increasingly ashen face.
Worry gnawed at her as she inquired, “What’s wrong? Are you alright?”
Sanford, who had watched the whole scene with growing irritation, sneered, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
“Really, Mr.
Clark? Is playing the victim your new tactic now?”
Matthew disregarded Sanford.
As the pain etched deeper into Matthew’s features, Stella’s anxiety surged.
She moved closer and softly inquired, “Do you have a headache again?”
He nodded, and then instinctively let his forehead rest against her shoulder.
In a moment of rare vulnerability, he murmured, “Let me lean on you for a while.
”
A wave of tenderness mixed with concern washed over Stella.
Alarmed by his condition, she declared, “I’ll take you to the hospital.
”
###chapter2221
She turned to Sanford and asked, “Mr.
Quimby, could you help us get him to the car?”
Before Sanford could answer, Matthew waved off the suggestion.
“It’s just a headache.
I’m fine.
The hospital isn’t necessary.
”
“You’re in this much pain and still playing the tough guy?” Stella’s frown deepened, her face showing clear disapproval.
Matthew was slightly moved by Stella’s concern yet remained stubborn, shaking his head.
Stella’s anxiety intensified.
She raised her voice, asserting, “We can’t ignore this.
You need to go to the hospital.
”
Having faced memory loss herself, she understood the stakes.
She knew all too well that a headache could be trivial or a sign of something severe for someone with amnesia.
She couldn’t bear the thought of letting Matthew suffer needlessly.
Grasping her hand, Matthew slowly stood upright.
As they held hands, an unusual feeling surged in his heart.
Matthew looked deeply into Stella’s eyes and said in a low tone, “There’s no need, really.
Besides, I drove here myself, and driving isn’t an option in my state.
”
Stella’s heart raced even faster.
She held his gaze and gently asked, “Can you walk?”
He nodded, squeezed her hand, and began to walk away.
At that instant, Sanford grabbed Stella’s other hand.
Stella froze, caught off guard.
Sanford’s voice was deep as he remarked, “He seems fine to me.
If you prefer not to accompany him, I can arrange for my driver to take him back.
”
Stella’s frown deepened slightly.
She forcefully withdrew her hand and responded calmly to Sanford, “Thank you for bringing me here today, but I choose to leave with Matthew now.
”
With those words, she assisted Matthew into the passenger seat, took the driver’s seat herself, and drove away without looking back at Sanford.
Sanford watched them leave, his gaze slowly growing dimmer.
As Stella drove, she called Cordell.
She quickly relayed Matthew’s condition and urged Cordell to meet them at the hospital immediately.
Matthew, now feeling somewhat better, sat quietly in the passenger seat.
After she hung up, he posed a question.
“If I hadn’t suddenly had a headache, would you really have left with Sanford?”
Stella’s expression shifted subtly.
She evaded the question, saying, “We’re nearly at the hospital.
Make sure to inform Cordell if you experience any other symptoms, so he can give you the right treatment.
”
Matthew, determined not to let the question drop, pressed further, “Answer me.
Would you really have left with him?”
###chapter2222
Just then, they encountered a red light.
Stella braked hard, turned to face him, and asked with a complex expression, “Is that question really important at this moment? Aren’t you the one who wants a divorce? Would it matter to you who I leave with?”
Matthew’s gaze darkened as he looked at Stella, just about to speak when she cut him off, her voice laced with frustration.
“When you abandoned me on the dance floor, did you ever think about how everyone would see me?”
All evening, she had kept her anger in check, but now it surged forth, unrestrained.
She locked her eyes on his, her words sharp and deliberate.
“At the auction, when you walked to your seat with Lindsay in your arms, did you remember that we’re still legally bound in marriage? After the event, you left me again to take her away.
Did my feelings even cross your mind?”
Matthew’s lips parted slightly, and he reflexively muttered, “Her legs…”
But the moment the words escaped, he realized how flimsy and inadequate the excuse sounded.
Stella could only scoff bitterly.
“If you’re so worried about her, why bother coming back at all? As you can see, my legs are just fine, and someone even offered to take me home.
”
Though she spoke with venom, a deep ache pierced through her chest.
Her words might have stung, but they were nothing compared to the pain Matthew had inflicted on her.
He lapsed into silence.
A battle waged inside him-he felt undeniably pulled toward Stella, yet a voice persistently urged him to let her go.
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
He couldn’t decipher what he truly desired.
Noticing his wordless response, Stella’s heart sank’ further’ into disappointment.
Without uttering another word, she pressed the gas pedal as the light turned green, resuming their journey.
As soon as the car moved forward, Matthew spoke in a grave tone.
“I promise I’ll do everything I can to recover my memories.
”
Her hands tightened around the steering wheel, but she remained quiet.
Moments later, they reached the hospital.
Though Stella was still upset, she helped Matthew inside the hospital.
Cordell, despite not being on duty, arrived to check on Matthew out of concern.
After a thorough examination, he confirmed that Matthew hadn’t suffered any serious injuries.
However, Stella’s worry lingered.
“Are you sure he’s alright?” she asked.
Cordell smiled reassuringly.
“Don’t worry.
He’s fine.
Just ensure he gets enough rest and avoids overexerting himself.
”
Then, turning to Matthew with a serious look, Cordell added, “One more thing -don’t strain yourself trying to recall everything.
Let it come back naturally.
”
###chapter2223
Only then did Stella feel a wave of relief.
Noticing the tension still etched on her face, Cordell gently reminded her “There’s no need to be so anxious.
These symptoms are typical after memory loss.
”
Stella nodded, and then handed him the car keys.
“I’m heading out.
Can you take him home?”
Cordell, though unaware of what had transpired between them, hesitated to accept the keys without understanding the full situation.
He glanced at Matthew and noticed his clear displeasure.
After pausing for a moment, Cordell tactfully declined, saying, “I’m afraid I can’t-there’s something I need to take care of later.
”
Caught in a dilemma, Stella felt conflicted.
She already felt bad for having called Cordell to the hospital so late and didn’t want to impose further.
Ultimately, she had no option but to take Matthew back herself.
As they exited the hospital, she said, “Wait here while I go get the car.
”
With that, she started walking toward the parking lot.
Matthew suddenly called out, “Wait.
” Stella stopped and turned, her brows furrowed in confusion as she met his gaze.
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
In a low voice, he said, “Let’s walk together.
”
Stella didn’t respond, but her silence was a quiet agreement.
The parking lot was only a few hundred yards away.
Beneath the soft glow of the moon, they walked in silence.
Yet, there was an unexpected sense of ease between them, a simple, unspoken contentment.
When they reached the car, Matthew paused suddenly.
Something about the moment stirred a forgotten memory.
He looked into her eyes, asking softly, “Did we often take walks like this before?”
Stella halted, a flicker of sorrow crossing her eyes.
She suppressed the rising emotions and responded softly, “Yes, we’ve taken many walks like this before.
”
Without lingering, she quickly opened the car door and urged, “Get in.
”
Matthew, offering no further words, circled to the passenger side and entered the vehicle.
As she buckled her seatbelt, Stella gently reminded him, “You heard what Cordell said, right? Don’t overthink.
Don’t push yourself to figure it out on your own.
Take your time.
Maybe in a few days, everything will come back naturally.
”
Matthew sat in silence, listening intently.
Somewhere in the fog of his mind, that soothing voice seemed familiar, as though it had always been there, offering comfort and advice.
He glanced at her, pondering.
Most of the memories tied to Stella were filled with tension and conflict.
But something deep inside told him it wasn’t supposed to be this way-—there was more, something unspoken between them.
His eyes grew clouded with thought, and a renewed determination to recover his lost memories took root within him.
Without a word, Stella started the car.
###chapter2224
As they left the hospital, her instinct led her to drive toward Prosper Bay.
But then she hesitated, uncertainty creeping in.
Considering their current relationship, was it right to return to the same home?
Especially after everything Matthew had done…
Her thoughts wandered, and she stole a glance at him, her voice cautious as she asked, “Where do you want to go? To the office or.
.
”
She trailed off, but the question hung in the air, understood by both of them.
Since leaving Prosper Bay, Matthew had often stayed at Lindsay’s apartment.
A quiet stillness settled between them.
After a long pause, Matthew looked directly at her, his voice firm and deliberate.
“Wherever you go, I’ll go.
”
Hearing his voice and locking eyes with him, Stella felt a fleeting sense that Matthew had never truly changed.
Her heart skipped a beat.
For a moment, she almost doubted that he had ever forgotten her.
But reason quickly reminded her that much had undeniably changed…
Flustered, she averted her gaze, avoiding his eyes.
Her voice trembled slightly as she said, “Prosper Bay, then.
”
Matthew offered no ions.
A wave of relief washed over her as she reached to start the car, but the sudden ringing of his phone shattered the moment.
Her eyes instinctively flickered toward him.
Though she couldn’t hear the conversation, it was evident from his tense expression that something had happened.
Her heart sank, and a wave of nausea followed.
Still recovering from earlier, coupled with the drinks she’d had at the charity party, the familiar burning sensation crept through her chest.
Her face turned ashen from the discomfort.
When he ended the call, she parted her lips, ready to ask what had happened.
But Matthew didn’t even glance her way.
Instead, he hastily unbuckled his seatbelt, muttering, “I’ve got something urgent.
I won’t be heading back with you.
”
Without waiting for a response, he opened the door and prepared to leave.
Watching him rush out, the reality struck her like a blow.
Yet, holding on to a fragile shred of hope, she forced herself to ask, her voice laced with desperation, “Is it about Lindsay?”
Matthew froze for a brief moment, clearly taken aback.
Stella offered a bitter smile, already regretting her decision to be so direct.
###chapter2225
Feigning indifference, she said, “Take care.
I’m heading back.
”
He studied her for a second before attempting to clarify, “It’s not about Lindsay.
It’s a company issue.
Fernando’s on his way to pick me up.
”
Stella’s smile deepened, though it was tinged with disbelief.
Whether or not Matthew was withholding the truth didn’t matter anymore.
She doubted the sincerity behind his words.
Suppressing both her physical discomfort and the disappointment festering inside, she persisted, “I’ll drop you at the company on my way home.
”
Matthew’s brows furrowed, and he quickly declined.
“No, it’s late.
You should get some rest.
”
.
.
Library
His refusal only fueled her suspicions.
A fresh wave of disillusionment swept through her—he had indeed lied to her.
If it were genuinely a business matter, why would he be so resistant to her offering a ride?
Matthew said nothing further and stepped out of the car.
Stella watched him leave the car, her complexion growing paler.
Just as he was about to close the door, she fought through the pain gnawing at her stomach and asked, “Why did you come back to pick me up tonight?”
Her words brought him to a halt.
Matthew had initially planned to take Lindsay home, but as he left the charity event, an inexplicable sense of unease crept in, tugging at him.
Concern gnawed at him, so he directed the driver to drop Lindsay off while he returned for Stella on his own.
He opened his mouth, intending to explain, but Fernando’s car pulled up at that moment.
Instead of answering her, he quietly shut the door and walked away, leaving her question hanging in the air.
Stella watched through the rearview mirror as Matthew climbed into Fernando’s car, which then drove away.
She kept her gaze fixed on the road until the vehicle was completely out of sight.
She sat alone in the car motionlessly.
She found it increasingly challenging to understand Matthew.
His behavior oscillated between fervent and indifferent, often delivering words that stirred her emotions and gave rise to fleeting hopes.
Lost in contemplation, she felt the familiar, sharp pangs in her stomach once more.
She slumped over the steering wheel, quietly enduring the fiery cramps in her stomach.
###chapter2226
The sharp pain blurred her vision and gradually dimmed her consciousness.
She lost track of time until a sudden knock on the window jolted her back to awareness.
She slowly regained her senses and, through a haze of pain, saw Sanford standing outside.
With effort, she straightened up and rolled down the window.
Looking at the man outside the car, she asked in a weak voice, “Why are you here?”
Noting her pallid complexion, Sanford’s brow furrowed in concern.
His voice carried a deep, worried tone.
“What’s wrong? Are you feeling unwell?”
Stella shook her head, reluctant to burden Sanford further.
Sanford, perceiving her stubbornness, spoke with concern.
“I sensed something was wrong with you tonight.
You didn’t look well, and it worried me, so I followed you.
If I hadn’t come, don’t you think you were going to faint in the car tonight?”
Stella felt a wave of discomfort, her bitterness and sense of injustice intensifying.
Previously, Matthew had always noticed immediately when she was unwell.
Yet this time, despite being in the same car, he hadn’t realized anything.
Seeing Stella’s silence, Sanford’s worry deepened.
He insisted firmly, “Get out of the car now.
We’re close to the hospital.
I’ll take you to the emergency room.
”
Stella instinctively protested, “There’s no need.
I probably just had too little to eat and too much wine at the party.
I’ll be fine after some rest.
It’s late; you should go home and rest too.
”
Sanford’s frustration flared.
His voice turned cold as he demanded, “Where is Matthew?”
Stella’s expression shifted ever so slightly.
Despite her grievances, she forced a smile and said, “He had something urgent and had to leave early.
”
Sanford’s anger intensified.
He demanded, “He was sick, and you took him to the hospital.
Now that you’re sick, he just leaves you here alone?”
Stella tried to defend Matthew.
“It was a real emergency, and he had to go.
”
After making her point, she closed off any further conversation about Matthew.
The thought of him was like twisting a knife in her already wounded heart.
Sanford was both angry and sympathetic.
His tone firm, he instructed, “Get out of the car.
I have some medicine in mine.
If you’re not going to the hospital, at least take the medicine.
You’re in no shape to drive.
I’ll take you home.
”
Stella felt reluctant and remained seated.
Sanford fixed her with a penetrating look, his voice carrying a hint of coercion.
“Are you going to come down by yourself, or do you want me to help you out?”
Cornered, Stella knew she couldn’t let him carry her.
Besides, her stomachache was becoming unbearable.
Wanting to end the ordeal, she quickly said, “I’ll get down myself.
”
She stepped out of the car and followed Sanford to his vehicle.
Sanford took out some medicine and a bottle of water, thoughtfully loosening the cap before handing it to her.
###chapter2227
After taking the medicine, she thanked him with sincere gratitude.
Sanford’s demeanor softened, and he replied in a gentler tone, “No need for thanks.
”
The medicine quickly soothed Stella’s stomach pain.
She glanced at him, feeling somewhat embarrassed.
“I’m feeling a lot better now.
I’ll head back.
”
However, Sanford leaned in and fastened her seatbelt before she could voice any ion.
Startled, Stella instinctively leaned back.
Their close proximity allowed him to detect the faint fragrance she wore.
He swallowed hard, quickly securing her seatbelt before settling back into his seat.
“Sorry if I was a bit presumptuous.
You’re not well enough to drive alone.
I’ll drive you home.
”
.
.
Library
Though calmer, Stella still instinctively wanted to refuse.
Sanford saw her hesitation and quickly added, “Don’t overthink it.
You’re Kori’s daughter and Bennett’s cousin.
It’s late, and he would be upset if he knew I let you go back alone.
”
Exhausted by the day’s events and with an important meeting looming early the next morning, Stella knew Sanford well enough to realize he wouldn’t relent until he saw her safely home.
She summoned her strength and requested, “Please take me to Prosper Bay.
”
Once she spoke, she closed her eyes and leaned back to relax.
Sanford glanced at her briefly and then quietly started the car.
Although Stella had her eyes closed, sleep was far from her mind.
Instead, her thoughts raced.
She couldn’t stop wondering why Lindsay had called Matthew so late.
What were they up to? Would Matthew end up staying at Lindsay’s apartment tonight?
The more she dwelled on these thoughts, the more drained and heartbroken she felt.
It was clearly emotional self-torture.
Just out of the hospital, Cordell noticed Stella climbing into a car he didn’t recognize, while the familiar Clark family car sat untouched.
Puzzled, he walked over to the car, only to find it empty.
He dialed Matthew’s number and asked, “I saw Stella getting into a car with an unfamiliar license plate.
Didn’t you go back together?”
Matthew responded icily, “Did you see the license plate number?”
After a brief pause, Cordell remembered a few digits and shared them with Matthew truthfully.
###chapter2228
Matthew instantly recognized the car as Sanford’s.
“What’s going on? Do you know whose car it is?” Cordell pressed.
Matthew remained silent.
Cordell sighed, realizing there might be another quarrel brewing.
He offered his advice.
“Even though you’ve lost your memory and feel a debt to Lindsay, you can’t keep putting Stella through this.
You’ll regret it someday.
”
Knowing that Cordell had misunderstood, Matthew hurriedly explained himself.
“It’s not because of Lindsay.
Something urgent came up at the company.
”
But Cordell just let out another sigh.
He knew he couldn’t persuade Matthew, so he simply said, “In that case, you need to be more clear with your reasons and your intentions.
Otherwise, your misunderstandings with Stella will only deepen, and before you know it, it would be too late for you to explain and make things right.
”
“I understand,” Matthew replied in a flat tone before ending the call.
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
In the CEO’s office of Prosperity Group.
“Mr.
Clark,” Fernando said cautiously upon seeing Matthew hang up.
“Should I proceed?”
Matthew nodded slightly.
Fernando could tell that his boss was in a foul mood, but this matter was far too important to dismiss.
And so, he braced himself and carried on with his report.
“I’ve looked into it, and found that the Charles family expressed no prior indication of participating in the bidding; they just suddenly joined in.
Rumors are floating around that the Charles family is willing to give up their rights to a port in Lyllmann.
If this is true, then that means the other bidders are nothing more than props to the show.
After all, this project is mainly for foreign trade.
Having an additional naval route would certainly provide an extra advantage.
”
The more Matthew listened, the more serious his expression became.
He understood the gravity of the situation all too well.
“For now, the entire project team is racking their brains for other solutions,” Fernando continued, “but if the Charles family doesn’t withdraw from the bidding, I’m afraid our chances of winning are slim.
”
Matthew’s face was grim.
Just then, he heard his phone vibrate.
Matthew immediately thought that Stella had sent him a message.
He quickly unlocked his screen, only to find that Lindsay was the one who had texted him.
His brows furrowed in irritation.
He ignored Lindsay’s message and set his phone back on the desk, face down.
“I want you to investigate the Charles family further,” he instructed Fernando.
“See what other projects they are involved in these last few months, and keep an eye on their movements.
”
“Understood,” Fernando nodded respectfully.
He paused and studied Matthew’s expression for a moment.
“By the way,” he added, his voice softer this time, “there will be a meeting with your wife’s team tomorrow, regarding the autumn and winter product launch.
The schedule was set before you traveled to Sothrea.
Do you need me to reschedule it?”
Matthew was silent for a moment.
“That won’t be necessary.
We’ll go with the original schedule.
”
Fernando hummed in acknowledgment, and then took his leave.
Left alone in his office, Matthew found himself pondering Cordell’s words from earlier.
He picked up his phone again, and scrolled through his contact list to find Stella’s number.
###chapter2229
Matthew stared at his screen as the minutes ticked by, but he never mustered the courage to call.
Early the next morning, Doreen arrived at Prosper Bay to pick up Stella for the meeting.
She was instantly alarmed when she saw Stella’s pale complexion.
“Are you all right? Are you feeling unwell?”
Stella shook her head.
“I’m fine, it’s just a stomach bug.
I already took some medicine last night.
I’m definitely feeling much better now.
”
“I still think you need to lie down and rest,” Doreen remarked.
“Why don’t we drop by the hospital first?”
But Stella stubbornly refused.
“No, really, there’s no need for that.
The meeting is about to start.
We can’t afford to be late.
”
“Then let me get you some more medicine to bring along,” Doreen insisted, still worried about her.
“Just in case.
”
Stella heaved a resigned sigh and pulled Doreen into the car.
“I’m telling you, I’m fine.
You don’t have to fuss over me so much.
”
Seeing that Stella wasn’t budging, Doreen had no choice but to give up.
“Then rest in the back seat, at least.
Close your eyes and take a nap.
I’ll wake you up when we get there.
”
Stella didn’t respond, nor did she ease up like Doreen hoped.
Instead, her eyes were glued to her tablet as she reviewed the agenda of today’s meeting.
Throughout their drive, Doreen kept stealing glances at Stella.
Her heart ached with sympathy as she took in the exhaustion written all over Stella’s face.
“You’ve put in a lot of work into this product launch,” she said, hoping her chattering would distract Stella.
“You wouldn’t have to slave away so hard if you asked Prosperity Group to step in and help.
Mr.
Clark is so good to you, I’m sure he would help you establish the brand.
You wouldn’t have to drive yourself to such a terrible state.
If Mr.
Clark finds out that you’ve worn yourself out to this extent, he would be beside himself with worry, too.
”
Stella’s lips twitched into a small bitter smile when she heard this.
Doreen was unaware of Matthew’s amnesia, and Stella had no plans in explaining the matter to her.
“This is my studio, my own little passion project.
What little help Prosperity Group extends is only because they hold a 5% stake from when the studio was founded.
I can’t take any more than what they’re willing to give.
”
In truth, Stella had already made up her mind about one thing-if Matthew insisted on a divorce, she was going to take back that 5% stake, no matter what.
The studio was the product of all her hard work over the years.
It was her everything.
Meanwhile, Doreen was frowning in confusion.
She couldn’t wrap her head around Stella’s words just now.
Stella and Matthew were a couple, weren’t they? Why did they have to be so precise about their finances? Considering Stella’s poor condition, however, she wisely held her tongue.
Stella and Doreen soon arrived at Prosperity Group.
After parking, they headed straight for the elevator.
When they entered the lobby, the receptionist recognized Stella and rushed forward, thoughtfully pressing the CEO’s private lift button.
While they waited, the receptionist greeted her warmly, “Good morning, Mrs.
Clark.
Did you come in early because you knew Mr.
Clark worked through the night?”
Stella blinked in surprise, not expecting that Matthew had been at the office handling business.
Had she misjudged him last night? Stella felt a pang of remorse.
Her words to Matthew the previous night were far too severe…
The elevator crept upward, arriving at the level reserved for the CEO’s office.
###chapter2230
Stepping out, Stella immediately spotted Lindsay in a wheelchair, directly in her path.
Their eyes met, and an undeniable tension thickened the air.
Stella maintained her composure, but unease quietly stirred inside.
Lindsay, however, wore a smug expression.
She wheeled closer, greeting Stella with cheer, “Good morning, Stella.
”
Stella had grown tired of keeping up pretenses with Lindsay, so she remained silent.
Undeterred, Lindsay pressed on, “I was feeling bored at home, so Matthew asked me to help out with some light tasks at the office.
”
Her words carried a subtle hint of self-satisfaction.
Stella found it absurd.
Lindsay continued, “The meeting room is ready.
Let me take you there and inform Matthew.
”
Stella, rolling her eyes inwardly, replied in a low tone, “Simply tell me the meeting room.
There’s no need to go out of your way.
”
Halfway through her sentence, Stella paused.
She briefly glanced at Lindsay before offering a smile.
“Besides, I know Prosperity Group far better than you.
”
A flicker of embarrassment crossed Lindsay’s face.
Stella surveyed the area.
Employees bustled around, each immersed in their tasks.
With Matthew’s strict focus on precision and productivity, none dared to fall behind.
Every moment counted as they worked at full speed to meet his high expectations.
Lindsay, seated in her wheelchair, was positioned in the hallway, obstructing the flow.
Passing employees had to slow their pace, carefully maneuvering around her, creating unnecessary inconvenience.
Yet, Lindsay seemed entirely unaware of the disturbance she caused.
Taking it all in, Stella smiled and said, “Given your condition, you really should be resting.
But since you’re here at Prosperity Group, it’s best to follow Mr.
Clark’s plan and take on light duties.
Everyone’s swamped, so try not to create any disruptions.
”
Lindsay’s face burned with more humiliation than if she had been publicly slapped.
Stella paused, and then gently added, “If you need to go somewhere, ask Fernando to assist so you don’t block anyone’s way.
”
Lindsay’s expression darkened, but she forced a smile.
“I also have to attend the meeting and take notes.
Would you mind pushing me there, Stella?”
She finished with a provocative smile.
Doreen, overhearing this, stepped in, clearly irritated.
“How could you trouble Stella with something so trivial? I’ll do it.
” She reached out to help.
Stella stopped Doreen, handing her the documents.
“No need, I’ve got it.
”
###chapter2231
She then began pushing Lindsay forward.
Lindsay’s sense of triumph grew as she whispered, “When I was in Sothrea, the pain in my legs kept me up all night.
Matthew stayed with me the whole time.
He was by my side last night too.
”
Stella remained silent, finding Lindsay’s behavior almost pathetic.
Reflecting on recent events, Stella realized most of her conflicts with Matthew had been carefully orchestrated by Lindsay.
Just like now-if she hadn’t stumbled upon the truth from the receptionist, she would have misunderstood yet again and lost faith in Matthew.
Lindsay shot a quick glance at Stella, who remained quiet and unfazed.
She assumed Stella’s silence meant she was silently fuming so she kept her excitement bubbling over.
.
.
Library
“And you know what? While we were in Sothrea, Matthew took care of me personally.
He fed me, gave me my medicine, and never left my side.
He was terrified something might happen to me.
Whenever I was feeling down, he’d go out of his way to cheer me up.
If I wanted something to eat, he’d cook it himself.
He even said he wanted to take care of me for the rest of my life, to be with me forever.
”
Stella listened calmly, her face betraying nothing.
Matthew.
.
cooked for Lindsay? Stella thought, almost laughing at the absurdity.
She remembered that last breakfast with Matthew at Prosper Bay vividly-the man had forgotten he could cook before that breakfast.
Lindsay was lying again.
She was probably lying about everything else.
How long was Lindsay planning to keep this charade going? Stella wondered if Lindsay was truly happy or just exhausted by the endless act.
Lindsay rambled on, oblivious to the lack of response.
They neared the meeting room, and Stella still hadn’t said a word.
Lindsay was so puzzled she almost frowned.
She wondered if Stella was too heartbroken to speak.
Or maybe Stella had given up on Matthew altogether?
But Lindsay knew she had to keep that smile up.
She continued her act.
“If it weren’t for Matthew being there for me—caring for me, comforting me—I don’t know how I’d have survived.
”
Stella’s patience snapped, and she cut Lindsay off with a sudden smile.
“So this is how you repay him?”
Lindsay froze, blinking in confusion.
“What are you talking about?”
Stella’s voice hardened, and she didn’t mince words.
“Taking advantage of Matthew’s amnesia to sabotage his marriage.
Isn’t that what you’re doing?”
For a split second, panic flickered in Lindsay’s eyes.
But she quickly masked it with a look of wounded innocence.
“How can you say that?” she whimpered.
“I’ve Loved Matthew long before you ever did.
”
Then she suddenly broke into a sob.
“Look at me! In my condition, no one else would ever want me.
But you-you’re young, beautiful, with your whole life ahead of you.
People still chase after you.
Can’t you just let me have Matthew?”
Stella felt her frustration rise, but she swallowed it down.
She knew this was one of Lindsay’s theatrics.
She wasn’t going to engage today.
“That’s not how love works.
You can’t just hand someone over because it’s convenient.
Matthew and I will be together unless something ends our marriage.
But until then, no.
”
Lindsay’s eyes narrowed, resentment simmering beneath her wounded facade.
Stella met her gaze without flinching.
“I suggest you stop scheming, Lindsay,” she said coldly.
“I’ll stay with Matthew until his memory returns.
Don’t waste your energy.
”
As they reached the door to the meeting room, Stella paused, her voice taking on a sharper edge.
“And by the way, drop the lies.
Matthew was working overtime at the company last night.
I know that.
So the next time you try to pull a stunt, don’t expect me to believe you.
”
Lindsay’s face paled.
She dug her nails into her fingers and curled them into tight fists at her sides.
She didn’t say a word, but the rage in her eyes was impossible to miss.
Stella ignored her angry look.
She waved to Doreen, who stood a few feet away.
“Can you get the door for us?” She glanced back at Lindsay as the door opened, but her smile was barely there.
“Be sure to take detailed notes during the meeting.
We wouldn’t want you to miss anything important.
”
###chapter2232
When Stella entered the conference room, Matthew was already seated at the head of the long table.
He threw her a casual glance, only for his expression to shift when he realized that she was wheeling Lindsay into the room.
Beside him, Fernando looked a little embarrassed.
“I was just about to get you,” he said to Stella.
“But you beat me to it.
”
Stella gave him a polite smile.
“I’ll have to thank Lindsay for bringing me here.
”
Then she asked, “Where is her seat? I’ll help her there.
”
“Ah, yes, it’s over there.
Please let me handle that.
” Fernando then pulled out the chair next to Matthew and added in a more respectful tone, “Your seat is right here, Mrs.
Clark.
”
Stella glanced briefly at Matthew.
Her feelings were in turmoil, but she ignored them and walked over to sit down.
Fernando moved behind Lindsay and wheeled her into position.
She was in charge of taking down the minutes, so she was on the other side of Matthew, but a few steps behind.
Lindsay stared at their seating arrangement and instantly felt a pang of envy.
It seemed like these people valued Stella more than they did her.
Stella’s words came to mind, and Lindsay’s anger was quickly replaced by a wave of fear and hatred.
She had no choice but to swallow her emotions, though.
Soon enough, the other members of the team arrived, and everyone settled down around the table.
Only then did Matthew look away from Stella.
He cleared his throat and announced the start of the meeting.
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
Just like that, everyone in the room got into work mode.
Stella began her presentation, standing in front of the screen to discuss the slides she had prepared.
“This new clothing line has a special theme.
” She deliberately paused after saying that to build up the suspense.
When she turned to Matthew, she found him already staring at her.
For a moment, they just looked at each other, each gaze carrying a myriad of emotions across the small distance.
Stella felt her heart race as she kept her eyes on Matthew’s and revealed the theme.
“The theme this time is called, ‘The Result’.
”
“Why this name in particular?” someone piped up.
“What does it mean?”
Stella nodded at the speaker before looking back at Matthew.
Her voice was loud and clear as she explained, “‘The Result’ represents that ambiguous stage between two events.
On the one hand, it marks the conclusion of something, but on the other hand, it also paves the way for the start of something new.
This is meant to be the main concept of my original brand, and it also reflects my creed in life.
No matter what happens, there will always be a perfect ending and a new beginning.
”
She had actually come up with the theme on the spot, in hopes that Matthew would understand the message-that she was willing to stand by him, no matter what challenges life might throw their way.
Matthew was stunned by Stella’s words.
He felt as though some great force inside him was about to break free from its restraints.
His gaze lingered on Stella.
Truth be told, he couldn’t seem to take his eyes off her.
She met him stare for stare, and he could see the love and longing in her eyes.
Their silent exchange did not escape Lindsay’s notice.
She gritted her teeth and balled her hands into fists.
Unlike her, however, the other members of the team were touched by Stella’s explanation.
They applauded her idea and began to sing her praises.
“This is such an excellent concept! I’m sure it will resonate with a lot of people from all walks of life.
”
###chapter2233
“My point, exactly! With this theme, we won’t have to worry about the sales of this season’s product line.
”
Stella remained humble despite their commendations.
“Please, this season’s products are the results of everyone’s hard work.
It’s a collective effort, so we should all congratulate ourselves equally.
”
With that, the entire room broke into enthusiastic applause.
Even Matthew was clapping his hands as he looked at Stella with newfound appreciation and… something else.
Some foreign emotion he couldn’t name.
In the midst of everyone’s cheers, a sudden noise caught everyone’s attention.
They turned in unison toward the source of the sound, which was quickly followed by several gasps of concern.
“Oh, no! Lindsay has fainted!”
Sure enough, Lindsay had fallen off her wheelchair and was slumped on the floor, unconscious.
Matthew’s expression shifted dramatically.
In an instant, he swept Lindsay into his arms and rushed toward the door.
The sudden commotion left everyone in the conference room stunned.
Stella observed the worry etched on his face, her heart sinking with quiet sorrow.
One of the senior executives was the first to recover from the shock.
Just before Matthew reached the door, he quickly asked, “Mr.
Clark, with you leaving, what about the meeting…”
Without a moment’s hesitation, Matthew responded, his tone decisive, “Fernando will take over.
”
And with that, he carried Lindsay out.
The senior executives exchanged bewildered glances, their expressions a mix of confusion and unease, many of their gazes landing on Stella.
Doreen, unsure how to react, cast a worried look toward Stella.
Fernando, a long-time aide to Matthew, swiftly stepped in to restore order.
“No need for alarm, everyone.
Mr.
Clark deeply values the Prosperity Group’s employees.
Since Lindsay fainted during the meeting, it’s only natural that Mr.
Clark would prioritize her well- being.
”
He then addressed Stella directly, his voice carrying across the room.
“Mrs.
Clark, shall we resume the meeting?”
His words served as a pointed reminder of her position.
Stella snapped back to attention.
She remained composed, offering a gracious smile.
“Yes, let’s proceed.
Thank you, Fernando.
”
“It’s my duty,” he replied with a nod, clearly relieved, his gratitude evident in his eyes.
Turning to the group, he instructed, “Let’s move forward with the agenda.
”
No one dared to speak out of turn, and everyone promptly returned to their seats.
For the remainder of the meeting, only Stella’s voice commanded the room.
###chapter2234
Everyone had anticipated Matthew’s return, but until the end of the meeting, he didn’t show up again.
As the senior executives filed out of the conference room, Fernando took advantage of the moment, approaching Stella.
“Mrs.
Clark, about Mr.
Clark-” he began, but Stella interrupted with a gentle smile.
“You don’t need to explain, Fernando.
I understand.
”
Fernando exhaled in relief, reassured by her calm demeanor.
Stella, as the CEO’s wife, certainly seemed composed and understanding.
He then offered, “I’ll head to the hospital to check on the situation.
Would you like to come with me?”
Swallowing her bitterness, Stella declined with a composed smile, saying, “No, I have work to finish here.
Just update me if there’s any news from the hospital.
”
“Okay, Mrs.
Clark,” Fernando responded with a nod before making his exit.
Once he left, the large room felt empty, leaving only Stella and Doreen behind.
Even Doreen, usually oblivious, sensed the tension.
She couldn’t help but approach Stella, her voice filled with concern.
“Stella, are you alright?”
Forcing a smile, Stella replied, “Why wouldn’t I be?”
Seeing Stella’s brave front, Doreen felt a wave of distress and frustration on her behalf.
She blurted out, “What does Mr.
Clark mean by this? Why does an assistant need him to personally escort her to the hospital?”
When she noticed Stella hadn’t responded after a long silence, Doreen assumed she was too upset to speak.
Just as she was about to offer some comforting words, she caught sight of the sweat beading on Stella’s forehead, her complexion unusually pale.
.
.
Library
Alarmed, Doreen quickly reached out to support her.
“Stella, what’s wrong?” she asked, her voice trembling with worry.
Stella, struggling with intense pain in her chest and stomach, could barely manage a word.
Doreen noticed Stella’s pain and recalled Stella mentioning stomach discomfort earlier that day.
Acting quickly, she said, “I’ll take you to the hospital.
Don’t try to tough it out.
”
Stella shook her head, struggling through the pain.
In a trembling voice, she replied, “I… I have some stomach medicine in my bag.
Could you… help me get it? I’ll feel a bit better after taking it…”
Her face was pale, and she struggled to form coherent sentences.
Doreen’s eyes welled with tears, her fear evident.
“No, look at you! You’re in so much pain.
You need to go to the hospital for a check- up.
”
After saying this, she couldn’t help but express her frustration.
“Look at you, in so much pain, and Mr.
Clark seems more concerned about an assistant than about you.
”
Stella was aware that many in the company had witnessed Matthew carrying Lindsay out.
She didn’t want to add fuel to any potential rumors or misunderstandings.
The curious glances from the executives had already affected her.
Stella was determined not to let Lindsay take advantage of the situation or further complicate matters.
###chapter2235
With renewed determination, Stella said firmly, “Get the medicine, please.
”
Seeing Stella’s condition, Doreen feared she might faint if she didn’t comply.
Reluctantly, she fetched the medicine.
Stella, in excruciating pain, took the pills without water, the bitter taste spreading across her tongue.
Yet, the bitterness in her mouth was insignificant compared to the pain in her heart.
After a few minutes of rest, Stella managed to stand, albeit unsteadily.
Doreen, her eyes red from worry, quickly supported her.
“Do you feel any better?”
Stella managed a reassuring smile.
“Don’t worry, I’m fine.
”
With that, she declined Doreen’s support, summoning all her strength to walk out of the meeting room.
As anticipated, when Stella stepped out of the meeting room, she could faintly hear whispers from the secretarial office.
“Did you see? Mr.
Clark actually carried Lindsay out himself.
Only the CEO’s wife gets that kind of attention, right?”
“Do you think there’s tension between Mr.
Clark and Stella? Actually, I always feel that Lindsay has some ulterior motives about Mr.
Clark.
”
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
“It does seem like they’ve had a falling out.
It’s been a while since they’ve seemed close.
”
Listening to the whispers, Stella felt a pang of sadness.
However, as she was no longer an employee at Prosperity Group, she had no authority to address their comments.
Choosing to ignore them, she continued with Doreen.
Struggling to walk out of the building, Stella was about to get into the car when her cell phone rang unexpectedly.
Instinctively, she reached for it, but her vision suddenly blurred.
In the next instant, everything went dark, and she lost consciousness.
She had no sense of time passing.
When she slowly opened her eyes, Stella squinted, adjusting to the bright light.
Through her blurred vision, she vaguely made out a familiar figure—a man peeling fruit with his head bowed.
Relishing the serene atmosphere, Stella hesitated to disturb the quiet.
When Sanford finished peeling the apple and looked up, he noticed Stella had woken.
He smiled warmly.
Placing the peeled apple on a plate, he offered gently, “Would you like some?”
###chapter2236
Relieved, Lucia advised, “No matter how busy you are, you must take care of yourself.
It must be Matthew not looking after you properly.
When he returns, I’ll give him a piece of my mind.
”
Touched by her concern, Stella embraced Lucia warmly.
Lucia then shifted the conversation.
“I called you here because Matthew’s birthday is approaching, and I wanted to discuss the celebration plans.
”
Stella suddenly recalled Matthew’s upcoming birthday.
Amidst her recent busyness and his amnesia, it had slipped her mind.
Lacking immediate ideas, Stella asked, “What do you suggest?”
Lucia replied with a smile, “Waldo and I won’t be participating.
This celebration is for the two of you.
”
.
.
Library
Lucia, perceptive as always, noticed the strain in Stella and Matthew’s relationship.
As an elder, she felt a heightened concern.
She continued, “How about you two take a short vacation together to unwind?”
Stella reflected on her current relationship with Matthew.
A trip together could potentially be awkward or lead to disagreements, particularly with Lindsay involved.
Given these considerations, Stella hesitated and suggested, “Let’s see what Matthew thinks.
After all, it’s his birthday.
”
Just then, Matthew walked in.
He entered the living room and was taken aback to find Stella there.
Lucia smiled and remarked, “It’s never good to speak about someone behind their back.
As soon as we mentioned you, here you are.
”
Matthew approached Lucia with a smile and asked, “What were you discussing about me, Grandma?”
Lucia responded with a knowing smile, “Stella was right.
It’s best to get your opinion.
”
Stella remained silent but observed that Matthew had changed his shirt.
Her heart raced with curiosity and concern.
Why had he changed? Had he showered?
If so, where? At the hospital or Lindsay’s place?
Her mind swirled with unsettling possibilities.
Read the latest and free novels at .Com
Matthew, oblivious to Stella’s discomfort, looked at Lucia and asked, “What do you need my opinion on?”
Lucia replied, “With your birthday approaching, I was considering a vacation for you and Stella.
However, Stella suggested we should consult you first.
”
###chapter2237
Matthew glanced at Stella with a sense of guilt.
He recalled that he had an appointment with Ronan on his birthday, who would be coming to Seamarsh for Lindsay’s treatment.
Suppressing his emotions, he said, “It’s just a birthday.
Whether I celebrate it or not isn’t important.
I have plans that day, so I won’t be celebrating.
”
Lucia, surprised, glanced at Stella.
Stella, though taken aback, remained composed.
“Well, Lucia, I just remembered that my studio’s product launch is imminent, linked to Prosperity Group.
We’re both quite busy.
We can take a trip another time.
”
Lucia sighed, noting the shift in Matthew and Stella’s relationship, which no longer seemed as close.
Reluctantly, she said, “Alright, as long as you both have your plans.
”
After dinner, Stella looked for a way to leave.
But Lucia intervened, saying, “It’s rare for both of you to visit.
Read the latest and free novels at .Com
Why don’t you stay the night?”
“Lucia…” Stella instinctively wanted to refuse.
However, Lucia didn’t allow her any chance to decline, insisting, “You two stay here; just keep me company.
”
Unable to refuse further, Stella glanced at Matthew, searching for his reaction.
Matthew appeared troubled, lost in thought.
After a few moments of hesitation, he eventually agreed, “Alright, we’ll return tomorrow.
”
Stella felt a surge of nervousness at his words but chose not to .
Lucia’s smile remained unwavering as she heard Matthew’s response.
She took Stella’s hand and said, “Come and chat with me.
”
Stella nodded and followed Lucia to the living room.
Meanwhile, Matthew was summoned to the study by Waldo.
Upon entering the study, Waldo’s expression turned stern.
He looked at Matthew with cold eyes and asked directly, “Did you and Stella have a disagreement?”
Matthew remained silent, refusing to answer.
Waldo sighed in frustration.
“Since your return from Sothrea, your relationship with Stella seems strained.
Even I can see it.
What happened?”
Matthew’s expression was conflicted.
Not wanting to burden his grandfather with concerns about his marriage, he said, “It’s nothing.
I’ll handle it.
”
How could Waldo not see through Matthew’s thoughts?
He spoke gravely.
“Matthew, you’re married to Stella now.
Don’t let this slip away.
”
###chapter2238
He knew Matthew was a responsible individual and suspected that the pressure from the Wheeler family was causing the distance between him and Stella.
Matthew responded in a deep voice, “Grandpa, don’t worry.
I know what I need to do.
If there’s nothing else, I’ll leave now.
”
Waldo chose brevity and gestured for him to leave.
Matthew acknowledged and began to depart.
After taking a few steps, he was abruptly struck by dizziness.
He grasped his head in an attempt to clear his senses, but the pain was intense and his sight was distorted.
In an instant, his strength faltered, and he slumped onto the nearby sofa.
“Matthew!” Just before losing consciousness, Matthew heard Waldo’s distressed call.
He struggled to open his eyes, catching a blurred glimpse of Stella’s concerned face.
Then, darkness engulfed him.
In the bedroom, the family doctor assessed Matthew.
Read the latest and free novels at .Com
Lucia gazed at her unconscious grandson, tears streaming down her face.
She was overwhelmed by both anxiety for Matthew and frustration toward Waldo.
Noticing Matthew’s and Stella’s recent odd behavior, she had hoped Waldo could address it.
She never anticipated such an outcome.
Focusing her anger on Waldo, she demanded, “What happened? Did you strike him?”
Waldo, looking pained, responded, “I didn’t! We were having a normal conversation.
As he was preparing to leave, he abruptly collapsed.
”
“I refuse to believe that.
If you didn’t harm him, why would my healthy grandson faint?” Lucia’s tears continued unabated.
Waldo, distressed for both his grandson and wife, assisted her to a seat and attempted to console her.
Stella remained quiet at the bedside, deeply concerned as the only one aware of the cause.
The doctor soon finished the preliminary examination.
Lucia and Waldo approached urgently, asking, “What’s his condition? Is he going to be alright?”
The family doctor shook his head, his demeanor somber.
“I haven’t identified any problems so far, so I can’t pinpoint the cause of Matthew’s sudden fainting.
If you remain concerned, you may want to take him to the hospital for a thorough evaluation.
”
Waldo and Lucia exchanged uneasy glances, both apprehensive.
Waldo promptly instructed, “Prepare the car immediately.
We’re going to the hospital.
”
Stella’s expression shifted, and she quickly interjected, “Waldo, wait a moment.
”
###chapter2239
Waldo and Lucia turned to Stella, puzzled.
Stella calmly addressed the doctor, saying, “He suffered a head injury while in Sothrea and experienced memory loss.
Could this fainting episode be related to that?”
The revelation stunned the doctor, Waldo, and Lucia.
The elderly couple was particularly incredulous.
Lucia quickly grabbed Stella’s hand, asking nervously, “What happened? What do you mean he lost his memory? Wasn’t Matthew doing well?”
Waldo added, “He remembers everyone, doesn’t he? How could he have amnesia?”
Stella had initially kept this information private, but given Matthew’s condition, she felt it necessary to disclose it.
After a brief pause, Stella masked her sadness and tried to appear composed.
“He has lost a portion of his memories, but he seems otherwise fine and recognizes everyone.”
Stella refrained from disclosing which specific memories were lost.
She wanted to avoid causing Waldo and Lucia additional concern about their relationship, especially after they had just begun to feel reassured about Matthew’s safety.
Waldo and Lucia gradually understood.
..
Library
“I see, that clarifies things.”
The couple appeared visibly relieved, as partial memory loss seemed less alarming.
The doctor also grasped the situation and commented, “Such occurrences are known.
Since there are no other issues, Matthew’s fainting is likely connected to his memory loss.”
With Stella’s assistance, the doctor began treating Matthew accordingly.
He arranged for the necessary equipment to be brought in and conducted a re-examination of Matthew.
The results arrived swiftly, consistent with Cordell’s earlier description.
Reviewing the report, the doctor addressed Stella and the others.
“This is selective amnesia.
It doesn’t present any health risks.
As long as he avoids intentionally trying to recover the forgotten memories, there should be no issues.
However, this type of amnesia may have minor impacts on his daily life.”
Lucia, noticing Stella’s sad expression, inquired, “When might he regain those lost memories?”
The doctor appeared uncertain.
“We can’t predict that right now, but treatment may help restore his memory, provided Matthew doesn’t resist.”
Despite the doctor’s assurances, Stella remained skeptical.
After the doctor departed, Matthew had yet to regain consciousness.
Lucia, observing Stella’s dejection, felt a deep sympathy.
She gently took Stella’s hand and asked, “When did you discover this?”
###chapter2240
Stella, striving to conceal her distress, answered, “Miley informed me in the first few days after Matthew’s return.”
Lucia’s initial shock gave way to the realization that if Miley knew, Cordell and Neville must also be aware and had not shared this with her and Waldo.
This understanding deepened Lucia’s concern for Stella.
She had noticed Matthew’s recent coldness toward Stella, surmising that the lost memories likely involved her.
Lucia’s eyes had reddened as she voiced her concern.
“Why would you keep something so big from us? You’ve been dealing with this all by yourself for too long.
And look at you, you’ve lost weight…”
Stella offered a brave smile, consoling Lucia instead.
“Matthew and I are in this together as husband and wife.
We shouldn’t make you and Waldo worry.”
Lucia sighed deeply, her heart aching more for Stella.
“You’re always thinking of others.
Don’t you know that sometimes, it’s the squeaky wheel that gets the grease?”
Stella thought of Lindsay briefly, and then responded with a subdued smile, “I have faith in Matthew, and in us.”
“That’s my girl,” Lucia said, patting Stella’s hand gently.
As the evening wore on, Stella suggested, “It’s getting late.
Why don’t you two get some rest? I’ll stay here with Matthew.”
“Make sure you don’t overdo it.
If you need anything, call us or the staff,” Lucia advised, her voice tinged with concern.
Feeling comforted by Lucia’s words, Stella nodded and escorted Lucia and Waldo to the door.
After the elderly couple had left, Stella closed the door behind them.
She returned to Matthew’s side, quietly observing him as he lay there.
His eyes were shut tight, his handsome features unchanging, but the slight furrow in his brow revealed his discomfort.
Stella couldn’t resist reaching out to Matthew, gently smoothing his furrowed brows with a soft touch of her fingers.
She traced the contours of his face, savoring every detail.
To her surprise, Matthew’s brows knitted together even more tightly.
Startled by his reaction, Stella quickly pulled her hand away, fearing she had disturbed him.
But as she retreated, Matthew’s hand shot out, grasping hers firmly.
Her heart skipped a beat.
Stella held her breath, her eyes locked on Matthew, who still seemed to be deep in a dream.
Without waking, Matthew guided her hand to his chest, resuming a familiar pose they often shared in their slumber.
The warmth of his heartbeat under her palm brought a rush of nostalgia, and tears welled up in Stella’s eyes.
Despite her fear of disturbing him, she couldn’t bear to withdraw her hand from the comforting closeness of their old routine.
In the dead of night, an uncomfortable pressure disturbed Matthew’s sleep, squeezing the breath from him.
He awakened in a pitch-black room, the only light a weak glow from the nightstand’s Lamp.
As the fog of sleep slowly lifted, he realized he was lying in his own bedroom.
###chapter2241
He remembered a brief discussion with his grandfather in the study, followed by darkness as he fainted… A face flashed in his mind-
Stella.
With a rush of clarity, Matthew fully awakened, the urge to move striking him, but he found Stella sleeping soundly on his chest.
For a few moments, he was frozen, shocked to find it was Stella causing his breath to catch in his throat.
Yet, anger or frustration was absent from his feelings.
Instead, he felt oddly comforted.
..
Library
Matthew was taken aback by his reaction, his hand moving almost of its own accord to gently brush Stella’s hair.
He shot her a nervous glance, looking for any sign she was about to wake up.
When she remained undisturbed, Matthew gave into a playful urge and pinched her cheek lightly.
Still, there was no response.
His mischief growing, he pinched slightly harder, prompting a frown from Stella before he quickly pulled back his hand.
Drained and deep in slumber, Stella shifted slightly, a brief wince crossing her face before she settled again, a soft sigh escaping her.
Matthew watched over her, a smile creeping across his face as a sense of relief flooded through him.
With a slight shift, Stella’s collar loosened, revealing the curve of her ample breast.
A sudden, uncontrollable reaction from him followed, his eyes intensely fixed on her.
In her sleep, Stella stirred again, softly murmuring, “Matthew…”
In a reflex, he shut his eyes, as if to hide from her possible gaze.
After a tense pause with no sign of her awakening, he dared to look again.
His gaze shifted back to her, emotions swirling in his eyes, revealing his inner turmoil.
Stella woke up to find that daylight had already streamed into the room.
She stared at the ceiling for a moment before suddenly sitting up, realizing she had no memory of how or when she ended up in bed.
Matthew was nowhere to be seen.
Instinctively, she touched the place beside her.
It was cold, indicating that Matthew had been gone for a while.
Guilt gnawed at her as she realized she’d fallen asleep while she was supposed to be watching over Matthew.
How could she have slept so deeply, completely unaware of when he’d gotten up and left?
Stella sprang out of bed and dashed out of the room, not even bothering to put on her shoes.
###chapter2242
In the living room, the servants were busy cleaning, going about their morning tasks.
“Where is Matthew?” Stella asked anxiously.
One of the servants quickly replied, “He went out early this morning.
I’m not sure where he went, but he didn’t look happy.
He seemed really angry.”
Stella frowned upon hearing this, a sense of unease creeping in.
Angry? Could he be angry with her? The thought unsettled Stella, making her heart race with worry.
She tried to piece together the events of the previous night.
How had she ended up in bed? Had anything happened between her and Matthew? The gaps in her memory only deepened her anxiety.
No matter how hard she tried, her mind remained blank.
It was as if the night’s events had slipped away entirely, leaving her with nothing but unanswered questions.
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
Growing more anxious, Stella’s mind raced with possibilities, desperately trying to figure out the reason behind Matthew’s anger.
Could it be because they had spent the night in the same room?
Given Matthew’s current feelings, his aversion to her and desire for a divorce, he would certainly feel offended by her presence in the room.
As these thoughts swirled in her mind, Stella’s mood sank, a heavy sense of dread settling over her.
Suddenly, a male voice echoed from the stairs.
“Why are you standing there without shoes?”
Stella was startled and instinctively turned around, finding Matthew standing on the staircase.
She was taken aback and asked, “What are you doing here?”
Matthew walked down the stairs and stopped in front of her, his voice deep as he asked, “Where else should I be?”
They stood face to face, their breaths mingling in the charged silence between them.
Stella’s heart raced as she stammered, “The maid said you left early this morning.
I thought you had gone to the office.”
He didn’t respond, his sharp gaze moving from her face to her feet.
She instinctively looked down and realized she had come downstairs without shoes, a wave of awkwardness washing over her.
Matthew’s voice was low and commanding as he asked, “Are you going to put on your shoes yourself, or should I…”
Before he could finish his sentence, he bent down and scooped Stella up into his arms.
Startled by the sudden lift, Stella let out a gasp.
“Oh…”
Instinctively, she wrapped her arms around Matthew’s neck for support.
###chapter2243
Noticing the panic on her face, Matthew smiled slightly as he carried her back to the room.
Even after being set down by the bed, Stella remained in a daze, her mind racing to catch up with what had just happened.
Matthew resumed his previous cold demeanor and said, “Put on your shoes, freshen up, and have breakfast.
I’ll take you to your workplace afterward.”
This series of instructions left Stella feeling even more confused, unsure of what to make of his sudden change in tone.
She looked up at Matthew, finding his behavior increasingly strange and hard to read.
He had always avoided her, so why this sudden change? The inconsistency only deepened her confusion.
A daring thought suddenly crossed Stella’s mind.
..
Library
Could it be that he had regained his memory? The thought filled her with a mix of hope and anxiety.
Her eyes brightened at the thought, and she blurted out, “Have you remembered everything?”
Matthew’s eyes dimmed as he whispered, “No.”
Stella once more sank into a deep emotional trough, the spark in her eyes slowly fading.
Matthew lowered his voice further, adding, “My grandparents are observing.
I don’t want them to be anxious about us.”
Upon hearing this, Stella glanced toward the door and saw two figures hiding outside.
She nodded, her expression melancholic, and replied, “Understood.”
Seeing her demeanor, Matthew felt a surge of frustration.
He looked away and urged, “Let’s move quickly; I have an early meeting.”
Stella remained silent, lost in thought for a few moments.
She decided it was important to clarify things with Matthew and said quietly, “There’s mo need to be concerned.
Last night, when you suddenly collapsed, I had to inform them about your memory loss.”
Matthew’s expression remained impassive, his gaze heavy as he Looked at Stella.
Stella continued, “Your grandparents will comprehend your actions.
There’s no need for us to feign affection in their presence.”
Matthew, feeling inexplicably angered, asked, “What do you mean by ‘feign affection’?”
“Isn’t that what you’re doing?” Stella retorted.
“You carried me into the room, asked me to put on my shoes, and acted as if everything was fine, all for your grandparents’ benefit.
They know about your amnesia and will understand your behavior.
You don’t have to force yourself into actions you dislike.”
Her last words were nearly a shout.
She felt unprecedentedly aggrieved.
Despite Lindsay’s interference and Matthew’s repeated requests for a divorce, Stella had always believed he was merely unwell.
She thought everything would be fine once he recovered his memories.
Now, Matthew was pretending to be in love with her in front of his grandparents.
###chapter2244
What was the purpose of all this? She preferred to confront the harsh reality rather than live in deceptive comfort.
Matthew's expression darkened immediately. Standing before Stella, he looked down at her, his anger barely contained.
"Tell me, what do I like?"
Stella hesitated, at a loss for words.
Matthew pressed further, "I've lost part of my memory. Since everyone says we were very close before, you should know me well. What do I like? You must know, right?"
Stella's eyes welled up with tears, feeling a deep sense of injustice. "I knew before you lost your memory, but now, how can I know what you like? But I'm sure you must dislike me…"
Before she could finish, a shadow fell over her. Matthew leaned down and, without a word, captured Stella's lips with his own. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he half-knelt on the bed, kissing her urgently.
The instant their lips met, a fleeting image flickered in his mind, though it remained unclear. Matthew craved to explore further, to kiss deeper.
Growing more intense, he pressed Stella onto the bed, eager to be closer to her.
Stella was stunned, overwhelmed by the sudden kiss and the emotional shock that left her disoriented. Instinctively, she embraced Matthew, letting herself follow the rhythm he established.
Lost in the moment, Stella couldn't help but gaze at Matthew. But the moment she looked at him, she felt as though she had been struck by lightning. In Matthew's eyes was a complex mix of cold indifference and burning desire. What was distinctly missing, however, was the tenderness he usually displayed in the past.
His unfamiliar gaze jolted Stella back to her senses. She began to struggle, pushing against Matthew's chest with all the strength she could muster. But of course, she was no match against his size and power.
In the end, Stella could only press her palms against his chest and turn her head to the side to avoid his ardent kisses. When she finally caught her breath, she choked out, "Snap out of it, Matthew!"
But he was too far gone, already consumed by impulse. He could barely think, let alone stop himself. He simply followed his instincts.
Stella felt utterly humiliated.

###chapter2245
Just when Matthew was about to go further, Stella managed to pull her hand back and slap him hard across the face.
The crisp sound of skin hitting skin rang out in the room, followed by her desperate cry of his name.
“Matthew!”
ALL at once, Matthew’s mind cleared.
He stopped as his sense of reason gradually returned, and the lustful haze disappeared from his eyes.
Tears were streaming down Stella’s cheeks.
The moment Matthew’s hold slackened, she immediately put some distance between them and pulled the covers over herself.
For a few seconds, Matthew could only stare at her tear-stained face, unsure of what to feel about his actions.
When he finally spoke, his tone was icy.
“You’re resisting me? Isn’t this what couples are supposed to do? Are you so repulsed by my touch?”
Stella averted her gaze and swallowed the rest of her tears.
“You’ve lost your memory,” she said as calmly as she could.
“Right now, we’re no better than strangers to each other.
I can’t do this with you…”
Matthew suddenly remembered the night she had spent at Sanford’s place.
It was clear that she trusted Sanford more than him.
A faint sense of outrage rose in Matthew’s chest.
“But you’re more than happy to do it with Sanford, is that it?”
He regretted his words as soon as they spilled out of his mouth, but it was too late to take them back.
Stella gaped at him in shock, and then her own anger flared up.
“You’ve lost your mind, Matthew!” she screamed at him.
..
Library
Not wanting to prolong the pointless argument, she hastily straightened her clothes and made to leave the room.
She hadn’t even taken a single step when Matthew grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her back.
“Then explain it to me!” he demanded, his expression thunderous.
“Make it clear right here, right now!”
“Make what clear?” Stella countered.
“You don’t remember our past, so what’s the use of explaining anything?”
“It’s exactly because I can’t remember that you need to tell me everything, bit by bit,” Matthew said as his eyes bored into hers.
Stella felt a lump in her throat.
“If I tell you, will you believe me?”
Matthew opened his mouth to answer, but he was interrupted by the ringing of his phone.
It was the worst possible moment to receive a call.
He glanced at his screen and saw Lindsay’s name.
Matthew ignored it, but whenever the line cut, she would just call again.
Stella also saw Lindsay’s name.
It brought her back to the scene she had witnessed yesterday, with Robin’s words echoing at the back of her mind.
Stella’s chest tightened even more.
She let out a dry, bitter laugh.
“What’s wrong?” she mocked Matthew.
“Are you scared to answer?”
The call ended again, but this time, it was followed by a text message.
Matthew put his phone away without opening it, his expression blank.
He just wanted to continue his conversation with Stella.
Before he could say anything, Stella threw a question his way.
“If you never get your memory back, will you leave me for Lindsay in order to compensate her for her help?”
###chapter2246
Matthew was visibly startled by Stella’s unexpected question.
As he remained silent, Stella waited patiently but received no answer.
With a wry smile, she asked, “Is this question truly that difficult to answer? Or are you resolute in divorcing me?”
Matthew lowered his gaze slightly but remained mute.
Seizing the moment of his distraction, Stella extricated herself from his hold and said icily, “The Matthew I knew was always decisive and firm.
This hesitation is entirely new to me.”
Halfway through her statement, Stella shook her head, her smile tinged with bitterness.
“Well, it’s understandable.
One is a legally bound but emotionally distant wife, and the other is the person who saved your life.
It’s indeed a challenging choice.”
Matthew frowned, his heart aching at her self-deprecating expression.
He took a deep breath to compose himself and responded, “Cordell’s treatment plan will be available soon.
I’ll undergo the treatment to recover my memories.”
Stella, having lost hope, spoke with a tone of bitterness.
“I’ve had my own experience with amnesia and treatment, with minimal results.
My mother is currently undergoing treatment as well, with no significant progress.
Recovering memories from amnesia is not straightforward.”
She met Matthew’s gaze, her eyes searching.
“What I need to know is what you feel now.”
As Matthew locked eyes with her, an answer began to form in his mind.
He opened his mouth, about to respond.
Just then, a knock on the door interrupted them.
A servant announced that the meal was ready.
..
Library
Matthew visibly relaxed at the interruption and said, “Let’s go downstairs and eat first.”
Noting Matthew’s entirely composed demeanor, Stella lowered her eyes in disappointment and declined, “I need to accompany my mother for her treatment.
I don’t have time.
You go ahead.”
With that, Stella left without looking back.
Matthew watched her departure without calling her back.
He dismissed the servant and sank into the sofa, rubbing his temples.
He could tell Stella was angry.
He, too, felt a pang of frustration.
He struggled to understand his feelings and whether he truly knew what he wanted.
Matthew reclined on the sofa, deeply pondering Stella’s question.
Would he marry Lindsay?
Out of guilt, he felt inclined to do so.
After all, Lindsay had lost her legs because of him.
Emotionally, however, he was reluctant.
Although he was unsure about his current feelings for Stella, he was certain that he had no affection for Lindsay and no emotional connection with her.
###chapter2247
Matthew’s thoughts wavered.
On one hand, he had no emotional ties to Stella from his memories, yet he felt a compelling need to be close to her.
On the other hand, he felt a strong sense of guilt toward Lindsay.
If Lindsay’s recovery didn’t progress well, then… Suddenly, his phone rang, breaking his reverie.
It was Lindsay calling again.
Suppressing his irritation, Matthew answered curtly, “What’s up?”
Lindsay, with evident concern, asked, “When you left yesterday, you mentioned your grandma wasn’t feeling well.
How is she now? Is she better? I want to visit her.”
In fact, Lindsay called because she was panicking.
Matthew had not returned to the hospital all night, leaving Lindsay anxious that he might have spent excessive time with Stella.
Matthew responded in a low, steady voice, “It’s merely a chronic condition, nothing critical.
Focus on taking care of yourself; there’s no need for you to visit.”
“But…” Lindsay began to protest.
Matthew cut her off, his impatience evident.
“I have matters to attend to.
Please, take care of yourself.”
He ended the call abruptly.
In the hospital, Lindsay’s expression darkened upon hearing the call disconnect.
Had Matthew simply visited Lucia, he wouldn’t have been so brusque and impatient with her.
A N G E L A ‘s L I B R A R Y
Lindsay’s frustration mounted as she clenched her fists, growing more certain that Matthew had spent the night with Stella.
Nearby, Robin asked with impatience, “Do you still believe you can marry Matthew? I don’t have time to waste.”
Already irked, Lindsay retorted, “Stop being so aggravating! Solutions don’t materialize out of thin air!”
After speaking, she suddenly had a bright idea.
Noticing the change in Lindsay’s demeanor, Robin smirked and inquired, “What’s wrong? You have a plan?”
Lindsay responded with a confident smile, “If I recall correctly, Stella’s product launch is just a few days away…”
She reasoned that if Stella were preoccupied with work, she wouldn’t have the opportunity to monopolize Matthew’s attention.
This would leave Lindsay more time to be with him.
With this thought, Lindsay’s smile widened.
After leaving the Clark family house, Stella headed directly to the hospital.
Bella went in for treatment, while Stella settled onto a bench in the corridor, waiting anxiously.
Cordell sat down beside her and broke the silence.
“Don’t worry; the doctor said your mom is responding well to the treatment,” he reassured her.
###chapter2248
Stella smiled faintly and replied, “She’s been in much better spirits lately.
Thank you for finding such a good doctor for her.”
“There’s mo need to thank me,” Cordell said, shaking his head.
“Besides, it was Matthew who asked me to take care of this..” Cordell paused mid-sentence as he noticed Stella’s expression shift at the mention of Matthew.
A shadow crossed her face, and he felt the weight of unspoken words hanging in the air.
“Has Matthew brought up the divorce again in the past few days?”
Stella felt a pang of bitterness.
She shook her head initially, but as memories of Matthew’s attitude flooded back, she nodded slightly..
Seeing Stella’s reaction, Cordell recognized just how strained her relationship with Matthew had become.
The sadness in her eyes spoke volumes, and he felt a surge of empathy for her struggle.
He took a deep breath and said gently, “He’s dealing with amnesia right now.
Divorce isn’t really what he wants.
Please try to be patient with him.”
Stella forced a smile and nodded.
“Okay.”
Cordell continued, “I’m already working on a treatment plan for him, and I’ll do everything I can to help him recover his memory as soon as possible.”
Stella replied softly, “Thank you for all your hard work.”
Noticing her downcast mood, Cordell suggested, “With everything going on between you two, quarrels and misunderstandings will only make things worse.
I recommend spending more time together, visiting places you used to go.
It might help jog his memory.”
Stella’s eyes brightened with a glimmer of hope, and a genuine smile broke through her earlier gloom.
It was a great idea.
Why hadn’t she thought of that?
Just as she was about to thank Cordell again, the door to the treatment room swung open.
Bella emerged, her brow furrowed, and asked, “What memories does Matthew need to restore?”
Cordell rubbed the bridge of his nose, choosing to remain silent as he gauged Bella’s mood.
The tension in the air was palpable.
Stella quickly stood up and walked over to Bella, gently guiding her to a chair.
“How was your treatment today? Did you remember anything?”
Bella ignored the question, her expression serious.
“Don’t hide things from me.
What’s going on with Matthew?” she insisted.
Seeing her mother’s serious expression, Stella realized she couldn’t hide the truth any longer.
Taking a deep breath, she decided to confess about Matthew’s amnesia.
Bella looked visibly worried when she heard it.
She felt a mix of anxiety and confusion.
“How could this happen? I thought what we went through was already hard enough, but now.”
Bella trailed off with a heavy sigh.
“What did the doctors say?” she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.
“Is there a way to cure it? He’ll recover soon, won’t he?”
Stella shook her head, feeling disheartened.
“There’s no clear plan for treatment yet.”
Bella turned to Cordell and asked, “Dr.
Foster, do you have any solutions?”
###chapter2249
Cordell quickly replied, “We’re already working on a treatment plan.
Don’t worry; I’ll do everything I can.”
Bella finally let out a sigh of relief.
Noticing how tired her daughter looked, her heart ached for her.
She softly comforted Stella, saying, “I know you’re feeling down, but you need to take care of yourself.
Don’t make me worry.”
With tears brimming in her eyes, Stella nodded.
“I know.
Don’t worry about me; I’ll be fine.”
Bella knew that Stella had always been hesitant to burden others and preferred to handle everything on her own.
This only deepened Bella’s sympathy for Stella.
“You and Matthew have overcome much bigger challenges together.
This is just a minor setback.
The important thing is that he’s back safe and sound.
With today’s medical advancements and Dr.
Foster’s expertise, he’ll recover quickly.”
Stella didn’t want Bella to worry, so she smiled gently and changed the subject.
“I understand.
I’ll adjust my mindset.
Let me take you home.”
Bella nodded and stood up with Stella to bid farewell to Cordell.
“Dr.
Foster, thank you for everything today.
We’re heading out now.”
Cordell stood up as well and said politely, “I’ll walk you out.”
As the three of them approached the hospital exit, they spotted an unexpected figure waiting there.
Sanford stood in front of a sleek black Bentley, dressed in a suit, clearly waiting for someone.
When he spotted Stella and the others exiting, Sanford quickly approached and greeted Bella courteously.
Bella responded with a warm smile, but Stella was taken aback and frowned at his sudden appearance.
“Why are you here?” Stella asked.
Sanford explained, “I had some business to discuss with you, but when I arrived at the studio, I heard you were coming to the hospital today, so I wanted to check on you.”
He then inquired about Bella’s check-up with genuine concern.
“How is your recovery going? I know some experts in this field.
If you need help, I can introduce you to them.”
Bella felt slightly overwhelmed by his unexpected enthusiasm and politely responded, “There’s really no need for all that.
Dr.
Foster’s recommendation is more than enough.”
She could sense that Sanford had different feelings for Stella, and it made her slightly uneasy.
Especially with Matthew’s amnesia and Stella’s exhaustion-both physical and emotional-Bella felt increasingly uneasy about the attention and insistence Sanford was showing.
Though Sanford was turned down, he didn’t show any embarrassment; instead, he maintained his composed demeanor.
He turned to Stella and said softly, “Since you’re done here, let me give you a ride home.”
Although Sanford was asking, he didn’t wait for a response before turning to open the car door, signaling for them to get in.
Stella felt uneasy with his subtle assertiveness, unsure of how to respond to his unspoken insistence.
She declined firmly, saying, “No, thanks.
I drove here.
If it’s business, you can come to my studio Later.
I’ll take my mom home first.”
His expression shifted slightly, but he pressed on.
“It’s not urgent.
Since it’s lunchtime, why don’t I treat you and your mother to a meal before you head home?”
Stella frowned, finding his behavior today somewhat odd and even a bit aggressive.
###chapter2250
Stella instinctively wanted to refuse, but Sanford cut her off.
Turning to Bella, he said, “Bella, you wouldn’t turn me down, would you?”
He added, “Every time I visited my mentor, you were always so welcoming.
Even if you don’t recall those moments, it doesn’t diminish my desire to repay that kindness.”
Seeing that he had mentioned Stella’s father, Bella found it difficult to refuse and reluctantly agreed.
Stella had no choice but to agree as well.
Before they left, Bella and Stella expressed their gratitude to Cordell once more.
Cordell watched Sanford closely during their interaction, sensing that there was more to this man than met the eye.
As Sanford gracefully opened the car door for Stella, Cordell swiftly pulled out his phone, captured a photo, and sent it to Matthew with a note that said, “Looks like your wife might be running off with someone else.”
Meanwhile, at Prosperity Group, Matthew caught sight of the message, and his face instantly fell into a severe, icy expression.
While Fernando was in the middle of delivering his report, an unexpected chill crept over him.
Looking up timidly, he saw Matthew’s furious glare and swallowed hard, his next words coming out with extra caution.
Once Fernando wrapped up, Matthew continued to fixate on his phone with a stern look.
Seeing no orders forthcoming, Fernando eventually broke the silence.
“Mr.
Clark, do you need anything else?”
“Get out,” Matthew responded curtly.
Just as Fernando sighed in relief and turned to leave, Matthew’s voice halted him.
“Wait, arrange a car.”
Caught off guard and feeling a mix of resignation and urgency, Fernando reminded him, “Mr.
Clark, you have a meeting in thirty minutes.”
Matthew shot back immediately, “Cancel it.”
“Understood.”
Fernando nodded and hurried to follow through.
Matthew checked his phone once more.
In addition to Cordell’s message, there was one from Bella as well.
“Stella and I are grabbing lunch.
Join us if you’re free.”
After a quick response to Bella, Matthew and Fernando headed out.
###chapter2251
Just as they left the office, they bumped into Lindsay.
“Matthew, are you heading out?” Lindsay asked, clearly surprised.
Matthew’s brow furrowed in slight irritation.
“Why aren’t you in the hospital? What are you doing here?”
Feeling unjustly accused, Lindsay explained, “The doctor gave me the all clear.
It’s dull staying alone in the hospital, so I came here to keep busy.
I really meant what I said about wanting to get back to work.”
Then, somewhat hesitantly, she inquired, “Are you off to some social event?”
Fernando took a quick glance at Matthew, thinking it was best to keep quiet.
Matthew avoided detailing his plans, dismissing her icily.
“If you want to be here, then stay.”
Without another word, he walked off briskly, Fernando in tow.
Lindsay’s eyes followed Matthew as he hurried away, her teeth clenched in frustration.
She had feigned illness to attract his attention, and she had come to the company to keep an eye on Matthew.
But now she could sense his growing indifference toward her.
Growing more distressed, Lindsay messaged the mysterious person.
“I can’t take this anymore.
Can you help me deal with Stella?”
But the message bounced back.
The number was out of service.
Stunned, Lindsay realized her strongest backer had vanished.
The realization fueled her anger, and she nearly hurled her phone.
Yet, aware she was at her workplace, she forcefully calmed herself.
Meanwhile, at the restaurant, Sanford glanced at Bella and offered, “Bella, since you’re the elder, why don’t you pick something for us to eat?”
Bella, distracted, responded nonchalantly, “Anything’s fine.
You decide.”
While speaking, her eyes constantly flickered toward the entrance.
Sanford didn’t press further and ordered some of the restaurant’s signature dishes.
Then he passed the menu back to the waiter.
Noticing Bella’s preoccupation, he too glanced toward the entrance, but nothing seemed out of the ordinary.
Driven by curiosity, he inquired, “Bella, what’s catching your attention?”
Bella shifted her gaze away and answered vaguely, “Oh, it’s nothing.”
Stella also appeared restless and finally said, “Sanford, just say what you need to say.
My mom’s my family.
There’s no need for secrets.”
###chapter2252
Upon hearing this, Sanford turned to Stella, looked at her for a moment, and suddenly moved his hand toward her hair.
However, before his fingers could touch it, his wrist was firmly seized by someone.
The three individuals at the table were briefly startled and instinctively glanced upward.
Matthew, standing behind Sanford, wore a stern expression.
He grasped Sanford’s wrist with a firm grip and pushed it away.
He sharply said, “Mr.
Quimby, show some decency.
Stella is married.
Publicly touching her is improper and could tarnish her reputation.”
Stella’s countenance shifted subtly upon seeing Matthew, her heart tightening with unease.
She struggled to comprehend Matthew’s intent.
..
Library
Was he emphasizing his role as her spouse?
Sanford, on the other hand, merely smiled with indifference.
He casually rubbed his wrist and inquired, “Mr.
Clark, is there a misunderstanding? I merely noticed a speck of lint in Stella’s hair and sought to assist her.
How could that jeopardize her reputation?”
Matthew, upon hearing this, turned to Stella and indeed saw a minuscule white speck in her hair.
The lint was so small it was nearly imperceptible unless scrutinized closely, highlighting Sanford’s attentiveness to Stella.
This realization made Matthew quite uneasy.
Stella responded by brushing her hair herself, disregarding Matthew’s presence.
Instead, she expressed gratitude to Sanford.
“Thank you.
It might have appeared when I was at the hospital earlier.”
Matthew’s expression tightened at the mention of “hospital,” his voice tinged with concern.
“Are you unwell?”
Stella found the question somewhat ironic but primarily felt a profound sadness.
Previously, Matthew had shown greater concern for her mother’s treatment than she did, yet now he seemed to have entirely forgotten about her mother’s condition.
She couldn’t understand why this selective memory loss would cause him to forget such crucial memories.
Or perhaps she was overestimating herself, and those memories held less importance for Matthew than she assumed?
Bella, observing the scene, finally accepted that Matthew indeed suffered from selective memory loss.
Noting the strained atmosphere, Bella stepped in to clarify, “It’s not Stella who needed medical care at the hospital; it was me.”
Matthew visibly relaxed upon learning that Stella was well.
He had only vague recollections of Bella, knowing she was Stella’s mother.
Bella observed the unfamiliarity in Matthew’s eyes with a hint of resignation but still offered, “If you’re free, why not join us for a meal?”
She then addressed Sanford, asking politely, “Mr.
Quimby, would you mind?”
Sanford did not respond directly.
Instead, he cast a sardonic glance at Matthew and remarked, “Mr.
Clark seems rather busy.
Surely he wouldn’t come all this way just for a meal?”
He then turned to Stella, adding, “Moreover, Stella might prefer not to dine with him.
I’ll defer to Stella’s wishes.”
Sanford’s tone carried a suggestive undertone, and his gaze toward Stella was affectionate.
###chapter2253
Matthew’s expression grew distinctly severe.
Stella found herself the focal point of attention, with all three pairs of eyes fixed on her.
She felt a twinge of discomfort and awkwardly began, “Matthew, if you have other plans…”
Before she could finish with “you can go,” Matthew cut in decisively, “I’m quite free today, and I’m also hungry.”
..
Library
Bella chuckled, noting that despite Matthew’s memory loss, his possessiveness over Stella remained unchanged.
Stella felt a pang of resignation but acquiesced to his presence.
Matthew surveyed the seating arrangement.
Stella and Bella were seated together, and there was an empty spot next to Sanford who was directly opposite Stella.
Without hesitation, he maneuvered Sanford to make space and took the seat directly across from Stella.
Sanford’s expression darkened, and his emotions were conflicted, but he chose to remain silent.
Stella, meanwhile, was thoroughly perplexed by Matthew’s actions.
With Matthew joining the table, the mood became even more strained and uncomfortable.
It wasn’t until the waiter began serving that the tension eased slightly.
“I remember you enjoy these dishes.
Try them and see how this restaurant’s version compares,” Sanford said, placing a few of Stella’s favorite foods in front of her with care.
Stella forced a smile and said, “Thank you, but there’s really no need to go out of your way.”
As Sanford focused on her, Matthew clenched his fists silently in frustration.
He wanted to contribute, but his mind drew a blank when it came to Stella’s preferences, leaving him unable to participate.
This only fueled his anger.
Watching Sanford’s attentiveness also worsened Matthew’s irritation.
He pushed the dishes Sanford had placed in front of Stella back to their original spots, saying stiffly, “You need variety.
It’s unhealthy to be picky.”
Before Stella could respond, Sanford placed his hand on Matthew’s wrist to stop him, smiling coolly.
“Mr.
Clark, don’t you think you’re overstepping? Everyone has their own choices.
Why force Stella to eat what she doesn’t prefer?”
Matthew, not backing down, replied icily, “How do you know what she does or doesn’t like?”
Sanford’s tone turned sharper.
“Because, right now, I know her better than you do.”
Matthew, momentarily at a loss for words, stared at Sanford, his irritation intensifying.
Sanford’s constant attempts to charm Stella only heightened Matthew’s unease, though he couldn’t quite understand why.
For a tense moment, both men locked eyes, gripping the edge of the same plate in a silent power struggle.
The air at the table grew heavy with unspoken conflict.
Bella, observing the tension, shifted uncomfortably, second-guessing her decision to invite Matthew.
###chapter2254
Stella, fed up and drained, shot an angry look at the two men and snapped, “Enough!”
Seeing Stella’s frustration, both men released the plate and fell into silence.
Bella, relieved by the break in tension, smiled awkwardly and tried to shift the mood.
“It’s just lunch.
Is it really worth all this fuss?”
Turning to Stella, she added, “Try to understand-they both mean well.
Just eat what you like and leave the rest.”
She then glanced at the two men with a meaningful look and continued, “Stella is an adult.
She doesn’t need to be pampered.
Let’s just enjoy the meal.”
..
Library
After diffusing the tension, Bella reached for her utensils and said, “Alright, let’s eat.”
Stella, however, had lost her appetite.
She turned to Matthew with a firm look and said, “Come with me.”
Standing, she addressed Sanford and Bella, saying, “You two go ahead.
I’ll be back in a minute.”
Matthew gave Sanford a hard stare before catching up with Stella.
Unbothered, Sanford calmly continued his meal.
Once they reached a quiet spot, Stella faced Matthew with frustration.
“What are you trying to accomplish here?”
Unfazed, Matthew shrugged and replied, “What do you think? I’m having lunch with you.”
His nonchalant response pierced her heart, and she couldn’t help but ask, “You’ve been avoiding me all this time.
Why the sudden change?”
Matthew paused, struck by an unfamiliar awkwardness.
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to respond to Stella; the truth was he didn’t have an answer.
His memories were frozen in a state of disliking her and yearning for divorce, yet, inexplicably, he now felt drawn to her, compelled to be near.
In Stella’s eyes, his silence seemed to confirm her frustrations.
To her, Matthew was being utterly irrational, refusing to give her clarity, all the while hovering close, occasionally wounding her with his unpredictable behavior.
She was on the verge of breaking under the weight of his constant emotional shifts.
Taking a steadying breath, she forced herself to remain composed and, with as much patience as she could muster, said, “Just forget it.
Leave.
I don’t want to argue in front of my mother.”
With that, she turned to walk away.
A surge of panic gripped Matthew, and he instinctively caught her wrist, his brow furrowing as he demanded, “Are you going back to eat with Sanford?”
###chapter2255
Stella’s retort came swiftly.
“Who I dine with isn’t your concern.”
But Matthew, relentless, pressed further.
“How is it not my concern? You’re still my wife, and it’s obvious Sanford has other intentions.”
Stella found his accusation almost amusing in its absurdity.
“I’m not alone with Sanford.
My mother is there, and we’re in a public space.
What exactly are you worried about?”
She looked him up and down before continuing with bitter sarcasm, “Or do you think I’m the kind of person who would betray our marriage? Just because you lost your memory, does that mean you also doubt my character?”
Her voice trembled, her words laden with the pain she could no longer contain.
The more she questioned, the deeper her sorrow grew.
Her eyes, brimming with unshed tears, locked on Matthew, blurring her vision with a mix of frustration and grief.
“Stella… that’s not what I meant..” Matthew’s voice softened, taking on a gentleness unfamiliar to him.
But his tender tone only deepened Stella’s heartache.
She quickly turned her face away, desperately trying to hold back the flood of emotions.
However, the emotions she had long buried surged uncontrollably.
No matter how hard she tried to hold back, the tears flowed freely.
..
Library
Watching her like this, Matthew felt an overwhelming tightness in his chest, a sharp pang cutting through him.
Compelled by an instinct he didn’t fully understand, he gently cupped her face, wiping away the tears that wouldn’t stop falling.
“I’m sorry.
It’s all my fault.
I shouldn’t have doubted you, but..”
He hesitated, searching for the right words.
Stella’s tears fell faster now, and the sight was too much for him to bear.
Unable to hold back, Matthew finally spoke from the heart.
“Some feelings overwhelm me.
I don’t understand it, but whenever I see you with Sanford, this anger just rises inside me.”
His tone wavered between concern for her and frustration with himself.
At his admission, Stella looked up, surprised by his sudden vulnerability.
Seizing the moment, Matthew gently added, “Can you keep your distance from Sanford?”
Only then did Stella realize the underlying motive behind his seemingly heartfelt confession.
The request to avoid Sanford was what he truly intended from the beginning.
Matthew still had no romantic feelings for her.
Their marriage simply stirred his possessive instincts, compelling him to shield her from other men.
Otherwise, why did he always harp on their reputation and union?
Understanding this, Stella pushed him away, creating space between them.
###chapter2256
With a bitter smile and composed resolve, she responded, “I have the right to choose my friends.
Sanford is a business associate.
Our interactions are professional and transparent.
Why should I be forbidden from speaking to him?”
As Stella remained unmoved by either persuasion or pressure, Matthew’s frown deepened, a flicker of anger shadowing his expression.
But Stella, unfazed, continued, “Lindsay saved your life.
Whenever she’s unwell, you rush to her side.
Have I ever ed? Can’t you see it from my perspective?”
A slight change flickered in Matthew’s expression, his frown deepening.
“That’s different.”
Finding his response increasingly absurd, Stella scoffed and demanded, “What makes it any different? Aren’t you and Lindsay of the opposite sex? Haven’t you spent time alone with her? Haven’t you been with her behind closed doors when I wasn’t around?”
Matthew had no answer.
Stella exhaled, wiping her tears roughly, and spoke slowly, her words sharp and deliberate.
“So please, calm down.
The man you’ve become since losing your memory is a stranger to me.
This isn’t the Matthew I fell in love with.”
After speaking, Stella disregarded Matthew and returned to the table.
At the table, Bella and Sanford sat opposite each other, the air heavy with tension as they ate uneasily, occasionally exchanging awkward smiles.
Upon Stella’s return, Bella let out a sigh of relief, though her face fell when she noticed Stella was alone.
Stella quietly took her seat next to her mother, not saying much.
Sanford, seemingly anticipating that Matthew wouldn’t accompany Stella back, merely smiled at her and suggested, “Let’s eat before the food gets cold.”
Stella nodded slightly in acknowledgment.
Bella glanced at Stella, wanting to inquire about her conversation with Matthew but hesitated in Sanford’s presence.
Deciding it was inappropriate to ask in front of him, she chose to let the matter go.
Stella noticed her mother’s concern and offered a reassuring smile.
Mother and daughter exchanged a knowing look, their silent communication perfect.
The atmosphere at the table softened.
During the meal, Sanford engaged Stella in a conversation about work, discussing the upcoming brand launch event and important details to keep in mind.
Though the meal began with tension, it concluded smoothly without any major incidents.
After they finished, the trio left the restaurant together.
Anticipating that Sanford might offer to drive her home, Stella quickly interjected before he could speak, “You go ahead if you have things to do.
I’ll take my mom home first.”
Sanford understood and did not press further.
He simply nodded and cautioned, “Be safe on your way back.”
Stella gave a polite smile and took Bella by the arm.
Then, they both got into the car.
###chapter2257
Sanford remained at the entrance, watching their car drive away until it disappeared.
Just then, his phone rang.
He glanced at the number on the screen, and his smile faded.
His expression shifted as he answered the call.
A deep voice inquired from the other end, “How is the progress?”
Sanford, maintaining caution, replied in a hushed tone, “I’m outside.
We’ll discuss it when I get back.”
With that, he swiftly ended the call, took a deep breath, stowed his phone, and climbed into his car to depart.
..
Library
Meanwhile, Matthew, who should have left earlier, quietly emerged from a corner.
He watched Sanford’s car drive away, his expression unreadable.
In Stella’s car, Bella seized the opportunity to speak after remaining silent for so long.
From the passenger seat, she turned to Stella, who was focused on driving, and ventured, “I noticed something seems off between you and Matthew.
Is his amnesia affecting your relationship?”
Stella hesitated briefly but firmly replied, “No.”
Noticing the redness in Stella’s eyes, Bella realized her daughter was trying to be brave.
She sighed and advised, “Losing memory is a painful experience.
You’ve been through it yourself, so you should understand better.
Try not to be angry with him and be more understanding, okay?”
Stella fought back her sadness and responded softly, “I understand.”
Bella sighed silently, her heart heavy with concern.
She couldn’t fathom why fate continued to test Stella and Matthew so harshly.
Watching her daughter, Bella felt a deep pang of regret for the years lost during Stella’s childhood before their reunion.
Now, witnessing Stella struggle in her relationship, Bella’s heart ached unbearably.
Holding back tears and with a look of anguish, Bella advised, “Be understanding, but don’t let yourself be wronged.
Amnesia is no excuse for him to hurt my dear daughter.”
Stella’s nose tingled as tears brimmed in her eyes, and she managed a choked, “Okay.”
After dropping Bella off, Stella drove back to the studio.
By the time she finished her work and returned home, it was already nine in the evening.
She entered the empty house and was immediately overcome by a wave of loneliness.
She could barely remember the last time she had felt this way.
Not too long ago, she had a lover, a mother, grandparents, friends, and a career she was passionate about.
She used to be the happiest woman in the world.
###chapter2258
But destiny had dealt her a heavy blow.
As Stella mused about her circumstances, she failed to realize that tears were already falling down her face.
And the more she cried, the more aggrieved she felt.
She was angry and frustrated, with no one to vent to or even confide in.
Her thoughts drifted over to Miley.
It would be nice if she could come over and keep her company.
But when Stella opened her social media, she saw the photos Miley had posted.
Miley was beaming at the camera, and behind her was a table laid out in a romantic, candlelit dinner.
On the other side of the frame was Neville, who was gazing at her with a doting smile.
Stella couldn’t bring herself to intrude upon her friend’s happiness, especially when their situations were a direct contrast to each other.
With no one else to talk to, Stella slumped on the floor in the living room and proceeded to drown her sorrows in alcohol.
At first, she contemplated how to handle her relationship with Matthew.
What could she do to help him regain his memories as quickly as possible?
In time, her thoughts went to Lindsay.
Now that Lindsay had lost the ability to walk because of saving Matthew, was there still a chance that Matthew and she could get back together? Would things never return to the way it had been?
Stella’s mind raced with similar, miserable thoughts.
Before she knew it, she had emptied several bottles of wine.
She didn’t stop drinking until her head felt heavy, and her vision blurred.
Ultimately, she let the darkness take her and passed out on the coffee table.
While all this was happening, a black Rolls-Royce was parked in front of the gates of the Prosper Bay villa.
Matthew sat behind the wheel, staring at the brightly lit villa.
He couldn’t stop thinking about all the things Stella had said back at the restaurant.
He had initially planned to return to the office, but his thoughts were running out of control.
Thinking that a drive would calm his tumultuous emotions, Matthew cruised through the roads aimlessly until, somehow, he ended up at Prosper Bay.
Matthew leaned back in the driver’s seat, feeling an unexpected sense of peace come over him just by being near the villa.
He intended to leave once the lights went out, but they continued to burn bright for hours.
He glanced at his watch.
It was nearly midnight.
Feeling a spike of anxiety, Matthew jumped out of the car and rushed into the villa.
Something might have happened to Stella.
He stepped into the living room and was instantly greeted by the sight of Stella slumped over the table, with empty bottles littered around her.
Her face was flushed, and she was muttering something in broken, almost incoherent phrases.
“Matthew… You bully! All you do is break my heart… I hate… Matthew…” She suddenly sat up and vigorously shook her head.
“No, no, no… I love Matthew…”
No sooner had she spoken the last three words than she broke down crying again.
She slumped back on the table and buried her head in her arms as she wept.
Matthew felt something stir inside his heart as he watched her.
The next thing he knew, he was walking over and crouching in front of her.
“Stella? Hey, wake up.”
###chapter2259
Stella slowly lifted her head and squinted at him.
When she saw the face she had been longing for day and night, she immediately assumed that she was dreaming. She gave Matthew a gentle smile and brushed her fingertips across his cheek.
"It's really you… It's been so long since you last visited my dreams. Don't you love me anymore?"
And with that, Stella began to cry again. She wrapped her arms around Matthew and held him tightly. Nestling against his chest, she murmured, "Yes, that's it… It's that familiar sound… Matthew's heartbeat…"
Matthew froze, momentarily dazed. His mind urged him to push Stella away, but his heart held firm, refusing to listen.
Stella only clung to him tighter, like she was trying to hold on to something precious. For a fleeting second, Matthew lost himself, his thoughts wandering back to a tender moment long ago.
He fought it, clenching his teeth, summoning the last shred of self-control he had, and gently tried to ease Stella away.
Stella's tear-streaked eyes locked onto his, a mix of pain and confusion burning in her gaze. "Why? Why do you keep pushing me away?"
Her question left Matthew speechless again, frozen in place.
But Stella wouldn't take no for an answer. She held onto Matthew, her grip tighter than before.
"Please," she pleaded, her voice trembling with vulnerability. "Don't push me away again. Just let me stay here for a little while longer… I miss you so much."
She looked up at him, her tear-filled eyes glassy from the effects of the wine. There was a mix of innocence and longing in her gaze, making her seem even more vulnerable.
Matthew's resolve wavered. He couldn't bear to turn her away again. With a heavy heart, he closed his eyes and wrapped his arms around her.
As she nestled back into his embrace, Stella breathed him in, comforted by his familiar scent. She leaned up and pressed a soft kiss on his eyelid.
Matthew's eyes fluttered open, meeting Stella's gaze. Her eyes, filled with affection and a hint of innocence, sent a warmth straight through him.
Before he could react, Stella grew bolder, brushing her lips against his in a gentle kiss. She was tipsy, her movements hesitant and unsure of what to do next.
Frustration welled up in her, and tears gathered at the corners of her eyes.
Matthew's breath hitched. He gently deepened the kiss, his hand cradling the back of her head. Her breath was warm, laced with the faint sweetness of wine, and the kiss was tender.
Matthew gently guided Stella to lie down on the sofa, holding her close with deliberate care.

###chapter2260
Longing for the moment to stretch on, Stella reached up, attempting to unbutton Matthew's shirt. But after a few clumsy tries, she fumbled and sighed, her frustration plain.
"Why can't I get this right… What do I do?"
"Hey, don't stress," Matthew murmured, his voice thick with emotion. Taking Stella's hand, he gently helped her, showing her how to work the buttons.
In a flash of passion, Matthew held Stella close, and they shared an intimate embrace. The room seemed to swirl with warmth, the air charged with something palpable and sweet.
They moved from the sofa to the bedroom, and from there to the bathroom, wrapped up in each other like nothing else existed. After they had washed away the remnants of the night in the bathroom, Matthew carried Stella back to bed, where the irresistible pull of emotion took hold yet again.
By the time the clock struck three, Stella was spent, her body drained, her eyelids far too heavy to fight. Sleep claimed her swiftly.
Matthew watched her for a moment, her breath steady and deep. He finally let her be, rolling off with a contented sigh, though faint marks lingered on his back — marks Stella had left in the heat of the moment.
In the dim light, he studied Stella, his gaze intense. There was something hauntingly familiar about the evening's events, yet his mind offered no explanation. No memory of how, or why, it all felt like déjà vu.
A shadow crossed Matthew's expression. Slipping out of bed, he dressed in silence. Heading toward the wardrobe, he opened it, intending to grab something before leaving. But something caught his eye — a document tucked away inside. The date on it startled him. It was from a year after he and Stella had registered their marriage.
The next day, a soft, steady drizzle fell outside, enveloping the world in a gentle mist.
Stella felt a dull ache throughout her body, her head throbbing painfully from the excesses of last night's drinking. She struggled to open her eyes, momentarily disoriented as the world around her swirled into focus.
Blinking, Stella slowly registered that she was in her own bed, a wave of confusion washing over her. Then, sensing something was amiss, she cautiously lifted the quilt to take a look underneath. What she saw took her completely by surprise.
She was not fully dressed and couldn't fathom why. Panic surged through Stella as she shot up, her heart racing. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed the figure of a man on the sofa, and a chill ran down her spine.

###chapter2261
He was fully dressed, hands resting casually on his knees, but the shadows that played across his face gave him an unsettling air.
Seeing Matthew, memories of the previous night flooded Stella’s mind, each moment sharp and vivid.
Her tears, breathless gasps, and bold moves replayed in her mind, each scene unfolding with striking clarity.
Her heart raced, and she murmured, “Was it truly not just a dream?”
As she spoke, those heart-pounding images surged back into her mind, overwhelming her with vivid recollections.
She could even recall initiating it clearly.
In a rush of embarrassment, Stella quickly lowered her head, almost burying it in the quilt.
She took several deep breaths, willing herself to calm down and steady her racing heart.
After a moment, she attempted a casual smile and asked, “Don’t you have work today?”
Matthew stood up, his face unreadable, and walked over to the bedside, peering down at Stella.
Stella froze, sensing the heavy tension in the air; Matthew was clearly in a bad mood.
In a low, measured voice, Matthew said, “I need to ask you something.”
With that, he tossed a document onto the bed, the papers fluttering slightly as they landed.
Stella glanced at the bold text on the document, her face draining of color.
“Divorce Agreement.” Before she could process it, she felt utterly stunned, a wave of indescribable heartache crashing over her.
Was Matthew truly planning to divorce her? The thought sent a fresh wave of disbelief coursing through her.
He had even gone so far as to prepare the divorce agreement.
The realization twisted in her chest like a knife.
She fought back her tears and quickly picked up the document, examining it closely as her heart raced with dread.
However, as she read the contents and noticed the date, a sense of calm began to wash over her.
This hadn’t been prepared by Matthew; it was something she had drafted in the past.
A rush of embarrassment washed over Stella as she realized her mistake.
Matthew ignored her shifting emotions, his voice rising slightly, edged with coldness as he asked, “You wanted a divorce back then and even prepared the agreement before I did.
So why did you stay afterward?”
Recalling the origins of the divorce agreement, Stella frowned slightly, the memories stirring a mix of regret and confusion.
Back then, her relationship with Maverick had grown strained, and in a fit of anger, she had prepared the divorce agreement and signed her name, planning to mail it to him.
But due to various delays, and after resolving her conflicts with Matthew-realizing that Maverick was, in fact, Matthew-they had opened up to each other, leading her to toss the agreement aside.
She had no idea how Matthew had found it again.
Stella looked up at him, instinctively wanting to explain.
“It’s not like that, I.”
However, Matthew didn’t give her a chance to explain.
He asked with disdain, “Stella, did you stay because you were after my status and wealth? And who is that man entangled with you?”
Stella was visibly shaken, her expression one of bewilderment.
“What man? I’m not involved with any man.”
###chapter2262
Are you still denying it? Disappointment clouded Matthews eyes as he said, Everyone believes were deeply in love, yet here you are with a divorce agreement ready.
Follow new episodes on the 
What was the purpose of our love then? Are you trying to trick someone who has no love for you? Stella was flustered.
Her voice quivered as she said, No… I never did… Matthew shut his eyes briefly, and when he reopened them, they were cold.
Do you recognize the signature on this paper? Is it yours? Stella gave a small nod.
..
Library Were you the one who initiated this divorce? Yes, Stella confessed, and then hurriedly added, But its not how it seems… Before Stella could explain herself further, Matthew cut her off again.
With a mocking smile, as if unraveling her ploys, he sarcastically said, So, are you going to claim that what started as a misunderstanding between us turned into true love eventually? As he spoke, his eyes roved over Stella, stopping at the marks of his kisses on her neck from the previous night.
He asked again, Was it all just a seduction on your part, Like last night? Stella was stunned by the harshness and humiliation in Matthews words.
Her heart shattered in that moment.
Tears welled up in her eyes and her fingers trembled uncontrollably.
She looked up at Matthew, heartbroken, and asked, Are you really going to dismiss our love just because of this divorce agreement and your unclear memories? Matthew looked at Stella coldly.
I trust only what I see and recall.
If my love for you was so deep, why is it you and our past I fail to remember? His words shattered Stellas heart again.
She felt so overwhelmed with grief that it became hard to breathe.
Exhausted and in deep sorrow, she no longer had the desire to keep explaining things.
It was clear that Matthew had made up his mind about the truth and was no longer open to hearing her side.
Stella fought back her tears.
Her voice was tinged with resignation as she asked loudly, So, what do you want now? A divorce? The word divorce seemed to cast a shadow over Matthews eyes, and he felt a little bit reluctant.
But he pushed aside the unsettling feeling in his heart, clenched his teeth, and affirmed, Yes.
Stella finally received a clear response from him.
With a sad smile, she glanced at the divorce agreement, never having anticipated actually using it.
It felt as though fate had its plans.
Fine.
Stella took a deep breath and said, Since we have this divorce agreement ready, all you need to do is sign it, and it will be official.
Stella ended her statement with composure, tossing the divorce papers toward Matthew for his signature.
###chapter2263
Matthew reached for a pen on the desk but hesitated, unable to bring himself to sign.
Believing Matthews reluctance stemmed from doubts about the document, Stella reassured, The terms are clear.
Im not claiming anything from you.
Theres no reason for concern.
If youre in doubt, have your legal team at Prosperity Group go over it again to ensure the protection of your assets and rights.
There was a hint of anger in Stellas voice as she spoke.
However, after her words, she suddenly recalled what Cordell had mentioned-that stimulation could potentially trigger Matthews memory to return.
Since Matthew had stumbled upon the agreement, Stella interpreted it as a destined chance to reset their relationship to how it began.
She held onto hope that, if fortunate, Matthew might recall falling in love with her.
But if not… Just then, Matthews phone rang, snapping Stella out of her thoughts.
Matthew rejected the call.
Afterward, he set aside the pen and the divorce papers.
Stella looked on, perplexed by his actions.
With a blank expression, Matthew explained, Youre right.
To be cautious, Ill have the legal team review it again.
Stellas heart throbbed with ache again, but she responded defiantly, Do whatever you see fit.
A N G E L A s L I B R A R Y Matthew didnt say anything more.
He only coldly stated, I have things to attend to.
Im Leaving.
With those words, he turned to walk away.
Stellas eyes followed his retreating figure, a mix of unfairness and sorrow swelling within her.
Her voice cracked as she mustered the strength to speak her harshest words yet.
Matthew, think it over carefully.
Once this divorce is finalized, were no longer husband and wife.
Should you remember everything and want to return to me, I wont take you back! Matthews back tensed briefly, but he remained silent and exited the room.
Stella felt her energy drain and sank onto the bed.
She rubbed her throbbing temples, uncertain if her actions were right or wrong.
After resting for some time, she rose to freshen up.
As soon as she was done, there was a knock at the door.
Mrs.
Clark, Mileys here, Erin announced.
Overjoyed, Stella quickly made her way downstairs.
Upon seeing Miley, a flood of emotions overwhelmed Stella and she rushed to embrace her.
Already missing me after just a few days? Miley chuckled.
Smiling, Stella regained her composure and said, Of course! Youve come at just the right time.
Join me for breakfast.
###chapter2264
Miley grinned and said, Ive been craving Erins food, ha-ha.
The two laughed and chatted as they walked to the dining room.
Erin served breakfast and then kindly left them to enjoy their time together.
Between bites, Miley said, My studios been crazy busy lately.
Ive been traveling nonstop and just got back last night.
Im completely worn out.
Stella nodded and said, Its quite obvious.
Youve got bags under your eyes.
Here, have my egg.
You should eat more to regain your strength.
Miley felt touched.
After eating Stellas egg, she asked, How are things with you and Matthew? Is he doing better? Stella looked down, unsure of how to respond, especially after her argument with Matthew earlier that morning.
Mileys eyes flickered toward Stellas neck, and a sly smile crept across her face.
Guess I dont need to ask.
Amnesia or not, hes still falling for you.
Stella let out a bitter laugh.
Thats impossible.
He cant even stand me.
Chuckling, Miley pointed at her neck and asked, Then whats that? Dont tell me its just a mosquito bite.
Widening her eyes, Stellas cheeks flushed as she quickly covered her neck and muttered, I had too much to drink last night… Still smiling, Miley teased, So Matthew lost control, huh? You guys then had a passionate night, right? But halfway through her teasing, Miley noticed Stellas troubled expression.
She stopped joking and asked seriously, Is he still acting the same? Stella nodded, fighting back tears.
Yes.
Gritting her teeth in frustration, Miley said, I cant believe Matthew is seriously planning to leave you for Lindsay! His amnesia is the cause of this.
When the heck would he recover? And that Lindsay-what nerve! Even if she saved his life, that doesnt give her the right to wreck your marriage!! Cant the Clark family, with their wealth and power, find a specialist to treat her? Why on earth is she demanding that Matthew divorce you? Stella quickly hushed Miley, placing a hand over her mouth.
Keep your voice down.
If Erin hears and tells his grandparents, itll be a disaster.
Still fuming, Miley removed Stellas hand and lowered her voice but continued in a fierce tone, Hes treating you horribly, and youre still thinking about protecting his family? Stella lowered her gaze and said, His grandparents have always been kind to me.
This is only happening because of his memory loss… Although Stella understood, she couldnt help but feel heartbroken.
Miley, still seething, urged, You need to divorce him! You shouldnt have to endure this.
When he finally remembers, I hope he regrets every second.
Before Stella could respond, a loud thud startled them from behind.
Simultaneously, both women turned toward the door.
Standing there were Waldo and Lucia, both wearing expressions of shock.
Waldo looked particularly angry, striking the floor with his cane and demanding, Whos talking about divorce? Stella froze, and Miley began to panic, too.
###chapter2265
After a brief pause, Stella was the first to move.
She rushed to Waldos side, gently reassuring him as she said, You misheard us.
Miley and I were just having a casual conversation.
No ones actually divorcing.
Waldo brushed off her attempt to help, keeping his distance.
Do you think Im too old to understand what I hear? Im not losing my mind yet.
Taking a step forward, Lucia quickly interjected, Why are you yelling at Stella? If you upset her, youll have to deal with me! Hearing this, Waldo quieted down, albeit reluctantly.
Taking a deep breath, Lucia turned to Stella, taking her hand and softly asking, Whats happening? Whos thinking about divorce? Is it Matthew? Stella hesitated, wanting to dismiss the matter lightly.
No, its not that serious, she murmured vaguely.
Lucia, unconvinced, pressed further.
Tell me the truth, and Ill handle it.
Tears began to pool in Stellas eyes, her voice caught with uncertainty.
Upon seeing Stellas distress, Waldo immediately turned to the butler behind him.
Call Matthew right now and tell him to come here immediately.
I want to confront him in person! Miley, realizing the gravity of the situation, looked at Stella apologetically.
Stella… Im sorry… I… Stella quickly reassured her, her voice gentle, Its not your fault.
Dont worry about me.
You can go home now.
..
Library Miley, observing the tense atmosphere, felt a pang of concern.
No, Ill stay with you.
Waldo and Lucia are here.
I wont suffer.
You should go, Stella insisted firmly.
Miley paused, considering Stellas words, and realized she was right; Waldo and Lucia would not let any harm come to Stella.
Given the personal nature of the Clark familys issues, it wasnt her place to stay.
After a moment of reflection, Miley softly said, If you need anything, just contact me.
Im leaving now.
Okay, Stella responded, offering a knowing smile.
After Miley departed, Stella assisted Lucia and Waldo into the living room, where they settled on the sofa.
Soon, Matthew returned, but he was not alone.
The moment Lindsay entered the living room, she sensed the tension, especially from Lucias and Waldos somber expressions.
Waldo, upon noticing Lindsay, displayed a look of displeasure.
Why did you come along? Visibly nervous, Lindsay explained timidly, My legs were bothering me today, so Matthew took me to the hospital for a check-up.
When I heard you wanted Matthew here, I thought itd be nice to visit since its been a while.
After her explanation, Lindsay asked Waldo with a hint of concern, What happened? Stella, hearing Lindsays explanation, felt a surge of mixed emotions, saddened by the realization that immediately after leaving Prosper Bay, Matthew had hurried to Lindsays side.
###chapter2266
Indeed, it was clear to Stella that the most significant person in Matthews life was no longer her, but Lindsay.
Waldo remained stoic, preferring not to involve Lindsay in this personal issue.
He didnt respond to her directly but instead instructed the butler, Arrange for a car to take Lindsay home.
Lindsay, taken aback by the gravity of the situation, hastily said, I havent eaten today because of my check-up.
May I stay for a meal? After speaking, she watched Waldos reaction carefully and added, If your discussion with Matthew is private, I can stay in another room.
Her tone was gentle, tinged with a plea, and her request was considerate.
Waldos expression softened slightly at her words.
Before he could respond, Matthew directed the butler, Please take Lindsay to have some breakfast.
The butler looked to Waldo for confirmation, and seeing no ion, he escorted Lindsay away.
A N G E L A s L I B R A R Y Sitting beside Lucia, Stella couldnt help but steal glances at Matthew.
Thinking about how different he seemed now than he did this morning filled her with sadness.
At that moment, Waldo fixed a stern gaze on Matthew and demanded, Are you considering divorcing Stella? Matthew remained silent, his quietude interpreted as an affirmative answer.
Waldo was seething with fury, his complexion darkening with each passing moment.
He jabbed his cane toward Matthew and demanded, What nonsense are you up to now? Matthew continued his silence.
The fury in Waldos eyes intensified.
You know what? After your accident in Sothrea, you disappeared without a trace.
Stella waited for you day in, day out; she couldnt eat or sleep.
Even after you lost your memory, she shielded us from the truth, always prioritizing you over her own suffering.
What more do you want from her? He paused, a look of profound disappointment crossing his face.
Or have you always been dissatisfied with this arranged marriage? Observing Waldos escalating distress, Matthew finally spoke, his voice tinged with concern.
Grandpa, please, this is between us.
Well resolve it.
After speaking, he shared a significant glance with Stella.
Stella caught the meaning in his eyes instantly-Matthew suspected she had involved the elders to thwart their divorce.
The realization tightened her grip, frustration flooding through her as her gaze dropped.
Matthews indifferent demeanor toward Stella only exacerbated Waldos ire.
Abruptly rising, Waldo lifted his cane to strike Matthew but, before he could complete his sentence, the cane slipped from his grasp, and he collapsed backward, overwhelmed by his emotions.
Everyones expressions changed.
Grandpa! Matthew cried out, darting forward to catch Waldo just in time to prevent him from hitting the floor.
Stella and Lucia rushed to assist, tears streaming down Lucias face, her vision blurring as she nearly collapsed in despair.
###chapter2267
Thankfully, Stella was there to steady her.
The butler and Lindsay also rushed out of the dining room upon hearing the commotion, which had thrown the living room into utter chaos.
Without delay, Matthew transported Waldo to the hospital, with Stella and Lucia following in another car.
Left behind, Lindsay felt a growing unease, worried the elderly couples condition might disrupt her plans.
She barked at the butler, Quick, get another car ready-I need to go to the hospital now! At the hospital, outside the operating room, a group of anxious faces awaited further news.
Cordell arrived swiftly, having been promptly informed of the crisis.
Upon seeing the Clark family in turmoil, Cordell attempted to instill calm.
Dont worry, dont panic, he soothed.
He then turned to Stella, offering guidance.
Keep a close watch on Lucias emotions.
Ensure she doesnt become overly agitated.
Stella, steadying Lucia, nodded in acknowledgment.
Cordell proceeded to enter the operating room to assess the situation.
Time seemed to stand still until the light outside the operating room finally switched off.
..
Library As the door swung open, everyone clustered around the doctor.
The doctor swiftly alleviated their concerns, announcing, The patient has been stabilized.
Theres no major issue, but given his age, he must avoid any further stress or excitement.
Relieved, everyone exhaled deeply.
Lucia, still trembling, wiped away her tears and murmured gratefully, Thank God, thank God… Beside her, Stellas tension eased, thankful that Waldo was out of immediate danger.
However, in that moment of relief, Matthew approached Stella with a frosty look.
You better have an explanation for this, he stated quietly.
Stella was stunned.
Matthews word kept echoing in her mind like a storm brewing inside her, leaving her uneasy and on edge.
Lucia, on the other hand, failed to catch what Matthew said, as she was preoccupied with Waldos condition.
She gingerly tugged at Stellas sleeve.
Lets go to Waldos ward and check on him first, she said in a worried tone.
Stella took a deep breath in an attempt to calm her roiling emotions.
ALL right.
With that, she put an arm around Lucia and supported her as they slowly made their way to the ward.
Lindsay sat quietly nearby, appearing nonchalant on the surface, but actually noting every single detail of her surroundings.
She didnt manage to overhear the conversation between Matthew and Stella, either, but she could tell from Matthews sullen expression that he was pissed.
This led Lindsay to speculate that Stella might have something to do with Waldos fainting.
The idea delighted her, and she couldnt help but feel like Luck was finally on her side.
###chapter2268
Her lips were curled into a smile as she wheeled herself in Matthews direction.
What happened? Cordell asked Matthew, his brows knitted in confusion.
Your grandfather is pretty hale for his age.
Why did he collapse all of a sudden? Lindsay pretended to be indifferent as she smoothed nonexistent wrinkles on her clothes.
Her ears were pricked up, ready to take in Matthews response.
But Matthew had no intentions of discussing the matter.
He just sighed wearily and said, Thank you for your concern.
Then he turned on his heel and headed to the ward as well.
Matthew! Lindsay hurriedly called out after him.
Matthew turned and blinked at her, as if he only just realized that she was there, too.
Lindsay felt a surge of irritation at his reaction, but she suppressed her emotions.
She plastered a pitiful expression on her face and asked, Can you take me with you? Im worried about Grandpa, too.
Matthew frowned and refused without a seconds hesitation.
You should go home.
Lindsay bit her lip, her eyes instantly welling up with tears.
But Im really worried about Grandpa.
Please let me see him just once.
A N G E L A s L I B R A R Y With a resigned sigh, Matthew relented and pushed her to Waldos ward.
Cordell watched their retreating figures and shook his head as he heaved a sigh of his own.
Inside the ward, Waldo was already awake.
He looked at Stella and smiled weakly.
Dont worry, dear girl.
Im fine.
Stellas eyes turned red at the corners.
You really scared us.
Lucia chimed in, and the three were soon chatting happily with each other.
Just like that, the previously tense atmosphere turned into a lively one.
That was, until Lindsay called out Grandpa, shattering the harmonious vibe and bringing the conversation to an abrupt halt.
Matthews gaze lingered on Stellas face for a moment, a moment where time seemed to have frozen, before turning to Waldo.
Im sorry, Grandpa.
The old mans face immediately turned icy.
Your apology should be directed to someone else.
Matthew lowered his head and said nothing.
When Waldo saw this, he exploded.
You have all the resources you need to regain your memory, but youre not doing anything at all! How can you forsake someone as good and accomplished as Stella? What exactly do you want to do with your life? Are you content with losing your memories forever? As he spoke, his emotions naturally flared, and the old man was coughing violently by the time he finished his tirade.
Stella quickly stepped forward and gently patted Waldo in the back.
Please dont get upset, she said, her concern evident.
Your health matters more than anything else.
But Waldos face was still clouded with anger, and his chest heaved with pent-up rage.
###chapter2269
Matthew suddenly spoke up.
You must have misheard, Grandpa.
I never said I wanted to divorce Stella.
Lindsay, who had been eagerly waiting for Matthew to end things with Stella once and for all, felt like she had been struck by Lightning.
Matthews response made her seethe, but she didnt dare to speak a word.
Waldo gradually calmed down, but he narrowed his eyes at Matthew and warned, Dont try to trick me.
Matthew shifted uneasily on his feet.
Its precisely because I lost part of my memory and couldnt recall some things that Stella and I had a bit of misunderstanding.
Thats all it was.
Not believing a word his grandson said, Waldo turned to Stella for confirmation.
Is he telling the truth? Stella opened her mouth to answer, but she found herself at a loss.
..
Library The next thing she knew, Matthew had pulled her into his arms and was holding her in a gentle yet firm embrace.
Grandpa is asking you a question, he whispered into her ear, painting an intimate picture of lovers bantering with each other.
###chapter2270
As if on cue, a nurse came in and gently reminded Waldo to get more rest.
Stella quickly stepped forward and carefully helped the old man to lie back on his pillows.
Waldo reached out and held both Stellas and Matthews hands.
You two need to get along well.
Every couple has their own challenges to conquer.
Trust me, once you get through this, your relationship will only grow stronger.
Be more understanding of each other moving forward, all right? Stella nodded in earnest.
Yes, of course.
Lindsay was so furious, she was gnashing her teeth together.
Her hands were clenched into fists so tight, her nails were biting into the skin of her palms.
When Waldo turned his gaze to Matthew, his expression was more serious, and his voice carried a hint of authority.
###chapter2271
Matthews face grew stern, his eyebrows knitting together.
We cant divorce now.
Grandpa is still in the hospital.
Its not the time to add to his worries.
Stella scoffed coldly, Let me know when your grandpa is discharged.
Ill be ready anytime.
Stellas phone rang just as she finished speaking; it was Doreen.
Grasping at the call like a lifeline, Stella answered quickly and left the room without a backward glance.
..
s ...
###chapter2272
Her words struck Matthew like a bolt.
His brows knitted together as he quickly asked, You mean Stella didnt tell you herself? You overheard about the divorce? Lucia, oblivious to the sudden edge in his voice, continued, We had some free time today, so we thought wed check on you at Prosper Bay.
Thats when we overheard- Before she could finish, Matthew cut her off sharply, his tone clipped.
I get it, Grandma.
Lets talk about it another time.
Ive got something to take care of.
Without waiting for a response, he hung up abruptly, leaving the conversation unresolved.
Matthew leaned back in his chair, his thoughts tangled.
His phone was already in hand, Stellas number glowing on the screen.
His finger hovered indecisively over the call button.
Lucias words replayed in his mind, stirring up a storm of emotions that made it impossible for him to act.
Across the city, night had fallen, and neon lights illuminated the streets in a kaleidoscope of colors. Inside Stellas studio, the atmosphere was bright and bustling.
She was deeply immersed in the final preparations for the new product launch, her team buzzing around her with documents and discussions filling the air.
As the clock ticked closer to eight, a collective sense of accomplishment settled over the room.
The last details had been ironed out.
Stella exhaled, a small, satisfied smile appearing on her face.
Youve all done an amazing job today, she said warmly to her team.
Head home and get some rest.
Ill take care of whats left.
Her team filed out gradually, Leaving the studio in a peaceful quiet.
Just as Stella began organizing her desk, her phone buzzed.
She glanced at the screen-Sanford was calling.
Stella, Sanford began, his voice steady, hows everything looking for tomorrows launch? Are you running into any trouble? Stella tucked the phone between her shoulder and ear, her hands busy shuffling through files.
Almost there, she replied honestly.
Just a few finishing touches left, but nothing I cant handle.
Sanford didnt miss a beat.
Ill swing by to lend a hand.
Two heads are better than one, right? Stella waved off the suggestion with a quick response.
No need, really.
Ive almost wrapped things up here.
Youve had a long day-go catch some rest.
But Sanford wasnt one to take no for an answer.
He doubled down, insisting on coming over.
Left with no choice, Stella relented, albeit reluctantly.
After ending the call, Stella turned her attention back to her work, the hum of determination filling the studio. Minutes later, the door creaked open.
Without glancing up, she assumed Sanford had made good on his promise.
Wow, youre here already, she remarked.
But when she looked up, it wasnt Sanford standing there.
Instead, it was Matthew, his presence catching her off guard.
Surprise flickered in her eyes, mingling with astonishment.
Matthews gaze was a mix of unreadable emotions as he finally asked, Who were you expecting? Dodging the question, Stella shot back coolly, What brings you here so late? Her tone was distant, the kind reserved for strangers.
That frosty demeanor didnt sit well with Matthew.
Yet, understanding dawned-hed wronged her, and her anger wasnt misplaced.
Dropping his gaze, he murmured with uncharacteristic humility, I owe you an apology..
about the misunderstanding this morning.
I was wrong.
###chapter2273
Stella blinked, her surprise fleeting.
Ever since Matthews memory had been patchy, his moods swung unpredictably, and shed long grown accustomed to the rollercoaster.
Masking her emotions, she replied with measured calm, Its fine.
As Matthews eyes wandered, they landed on Stellas tablet, where details of tomorrows Launch were displayed.
Curiosity sparked in his expression.
Need any help with this? he offered.
Stellas answer came swiftly, firm and without a second thought.
No.
Barely had the word escaped her lips when the office door swung open once more.
Sanford entered with a takeout bag. Stella, I stopped by your favorite restaurant and picked something for you.
You must be starving… However, he stopped mid-sentence when he noticed Matthew.
After a brief pause, Sanford shrugged off the surprise with a carefree smile, seemingly unfazed by Matthews presence.
He approached Stella and resumed his earlier thought, saying, Have you eaten yet? You tend to forget meals when youre caught up in work.
Remember last time? You ended up in the hospital with a stomachache, which really worried me.
His tone was so caring that Stella felt slightly overwhelmed and quickly replied, Im not hungry.
Yet, just as she finished speaking, her stomach loudly contradicted her, rumbling audibly in the quiet studio.
Stella turned red with embarrassment.
Sanford pretended not to hear the growl, completely ignoring Matthew.
He opened the takeout bag and placed the dishes before Stella, saying, Dont hold back.
Eat a Little.
Stella was torn, uncertain how to react.
..
Library At this, Matthews temper flared unexpectedly.
He stared at Stella and asked, Were you waiting for Sanford? Stellas silence spoke volumes, confirming his suspicion.
Matthew scowled and said to Sanford, Im taking her out to dinner.
Shes still my wife and shouldnt have to eat someone elses food.
Sanford laughed scornfully.
Its just food, Matthew.
Do you really need to be jealous? Besides, Stella is already hungry. If you really cared, why didnt you bring her something to eat on your way? Theres already food here; why cause a scene? Instantly, Matthews expression turned grim.
He fixed a stern look on Stella and demanded, Are you coming with me or staying? Upon hearing Sanfords mocking, Stella realized Matthews concern was not genuine-he was merely competing with Sanford.
She inhaled sharply and said firmly, Im not leaving.
I have work to handle.
If theres nothing else, Matthew, you should go.
Seeing Sanfords self-satisfied grin, Matthew felt rage building inside him, growing hotter and more intense.
His eyes narrowed as he looked at Stella, his voice rising.
Stella, Im asking you again.
Are you coming with me or not? he said decisively, leaving no room for argument.
###chapter2274
Before Stella could reply, Matthews phone rang, piercing the tense silence.
Matthew hesitated, reluctant to answer, but Stella interrupted, saying, What if its Lindsay calling again? Answer it.
I wont be blamed if something happens to her and you accuse me of wasting your time.
Matthew paused, a mix of emotions passing through his eyes.
Stella saw the shift in his expression and felt a sharp sting in her heart as if a thousand needles were piercing it.
Once so close, they now found themselves estranged due to a series of misunderstandings and disruptive influences.
The phone continued to ring, sounding more urgent each time.
Clenching his teeth, Matthew eventually grabbed the phone.
He hesitated briefly before pressing the answer button.
On the line was the anxious voice of the servant caring for Lindsay, saying, Mr.
Clark, Miss Wheeler is running a high fever, and shes refusing to go to the hospital. Im unable to move her on my own.
Matthews brow knitted tighter with every passing second.
Where are the bodyguards? What on earth are they doing? he demanded, his tone sharp.
The servant, flustered, stammered out a reply.
Miss Wheeler and ordered everyone to stay away.
Shes been in quite a fury, theres really no calming her.
With a sigh that betrayed his growing irritation, Matthew snapped, Ill handle this myself.
Nearby, Stellas face was unreadable as she listened to the exchange.
She walked to the table, glanced at the meal Sanford had brought her, and began eating mechanically.
Her movements were slow, deliberate, but devoid of appetite, like someone chewing out of necessity, not desire.
Matthew ended the call and hesitated, turning to Stella to explain.
But before he could get a word out, she cut him off briskly.
If youve got things to take care of, go ahead.
You dont need to explain anything to me.
Her voice was calm, but the lack of emotion in it struck Matthew harder than any outburst could have.
There was a coldnessa wall between them now, one he hadnt realized had grown so tall.
Still, Matthew tried to bridge the gap.
Ill come back as soon as Im done.
Ill pick you up myself, no matter how late it gets, he offered quickly.
Stella didnt even flinch.
Her response came swift and firm.
Dont bother. Ill head back on my own.
I dont feel like waiting around.
After speaking, she dropped her gaze, unwilling to meet Matthews eyes, and resumed eating, though the food seemed bland and insipid, offering no comfort to her weary soul.
Matthew stood there for a moment, conflicted.
He opened his mouth to speak but stopped himself.
The weight of her indifference was too much.
With a defeated sigh, he turned and walked out, each step he took echoing in Stellas ears as if treading over the fragile remnants of her heart.
The moment he was gone, Stellas stoic mask crumbled.
Silent tears spilled onto the food, mingling with the bitter ache in her chest.
She couldnt fathom how the sweetness they once shared had turned so sour, how the love that had seemed unshakable now felt fragile and frayed.
It was as if an invisible chasm had slowly opened between them, with their once unwavering connection gradually eroding, piece by piece, worn down by the weight of endless missteps and unspoken words.
###chapter2275
The next day, the studios new product launch burst onto the scene like fireworks on a summer night.
The event was the talk of the town-exquisite invitations had made their rounds weeks in advance, drawing a crowd of Seamarshs finest.
With Prosperity Groups influence and Stellas reputation as a top- tier designer, the guest list glittered with socialites, celebrities, and business tycoons.
The venue itself was a picture of opulence.
Draped in luxurious décor, every detail radiated elegance, from the grand floral arrangements to the sparkling chandeliers.
Bella and Alissa arrived early, their excitement palpable as they eagerly introduced Stella to an array of familiar faces.
By Alissas side stood a young woman, her smile warm as she greeted Stella.
Stella, this is Carly White, one of my brightest students.
Shes just returned from studying abroad yesterday.
..
s ...
The mention of Carlys name caught Stella off guard. She recognized the name immediately-Carly was gaining a reputation in the design world.
Stellas eyes brightened as she said, Ive been wanting to meet you.
Its such an honor! Carly, with a graceful smile, extended her hand.
Youre too kind, Ms.
Anderson.
Ive always admired your work.
Alissa chuckled and, glancing at Stella, added, If you ever have any design questions, Carly is your go-to.
Shell be here for a while.
Carly waved her hand with a casual charm.
No need to be so formal, Ms.
Anderson.
We can exchange ideas anytime.
Stella nodded warmly.
That sounds wonderful.
Its truly an honor to learn from you.
As the conversation flowed, Bennett appeared, looking a bit apologetic as he approached Stella.
Sorry, Im late.
I just got back from abroad.
I hope I didnt miss anything important.
Stella smiled warmly.
Youre right on time.
Bennett, still catching his breath, explained, There was a sudden situation at the company I had to handle while abroad.
But dont worry, Ive already sent someone to bring my grandparents over.
Stellas brow furrowed, her voice low but dismissive. Why drag the elders into this? Its hardly worth their attention.
Bennetts gaze locked onto hers, his tone resolute.
Anything that involves you is always of importance to the Lowell family.
He scanned the venue, his brow creasing.
Wheres Matthew, anyway? Todays too significant for him to be absent.
Bella, privy to the truth, flicked a worried glance at Stella, her concern barely concealed.
But Stella stayed composed, her expression giving nothing away.
Hell be here, she replied evenly, her voice betraying no surprise.
It was as if shed expected Matthew to be late all along.
As Stella finished her sentence, Doreen rushed over, her expression serious.
Stella, we need to review the setup and equipment one more time.
With a subtle nod to Bella, Alissa, and the others, Stella turned on her heel, a wave of relief washing over her.
###chapter2276
How could she even begin to unravel the tangled web of her connection with Matthew? Her eyes flicked to the clock, and last nights news replayed in her mind: Lindsay had come down with a fever.
Matthew must have been attending to her.
There was no way he could make it to the Launch today.
Walking alongside Stella, Doreen spoke and noticed that Stellas gaze drifted, her mind elsewhere, her eyes fixed but unfocused.
Doreens voice broke through her reverie.
Stella? Hello? Whats on your mind? Startled, Stella blinked, snapping back to reality.
Oh, sorry. Its nothing, she said quickly, pushing aside her thoughts.
Lets keep going.
Shaking off her distraction, she immersed herself in the work at hand.
Dressed in a sleek, professional ensemble, Stella exuded understated elegance.
The clean lines and finely crafted material emphasized her confidence, and under the stage lights, she seemed to command the room effortlessly.
Her presence was magnetic, her posture straight, and her concentration sharp as she meticulously reviewed the run-through.
Script in hand, she ensured that every element was perfectly aligned, giving no margin for error.
Then, without warning, a familiar figure appeared in the periphery- Matthew.
Matthews arrival sent ripples through the crowd, but the real focus was Lindsay, who sat beside him in a wheelchair.
The venue buzzed with curiosity, some recalling that this wasnt the first time Matthew had appeared with this woman at a public event.
Whispers spread, speculating about who she truly was and what role she played in his Life.
Hearing the growing commotion, Stella turned her head.
Her eyes found Matthew, and a flash of surprise crossed her face.
But then, seeing Lindsay, comprehension dawned, though a dull ache accompanied it. Of course, she thought, Lindsay mustve insisted on coming, which explained why Matthew showed up.
Bitterness pinched at her heart, but she quickly forced it down, reminding herself not to let personal feelings interfere.
With a steadying breath, Stella redirected her focus.
This product launch was the culmination of her relentless hard work, and she wouldnt let anything derail her now.
The event began, lights dimming to cast an air of elegance and anticipation over the crowd.
Stella coordinated the final details flawlessly, and then slipped backstage to observe.
From the audience, Sanford waved her over, his seat next to Bennett and another empty chair.
###chapter2277
She moved to join them, sitting down just as a chill ran up her spine.
Turning slightly, she caught sight of Matthew behind her, Lindsay settled at his side.
Stellas smile faded almost instantly, her expression growing distant.
Bennett noticed the shift, his brow furrowing as he leaned closer to her, his voice dropping to a low murmur.
Did something happen between you and Matthew? On such an important day, he didnt show up with you, but brought another woman instead? Remembering the gossip he had overheard earlier stirred a flicker of disapproval in Bennett.
His eyes darkened slightly, betraying his growing dissatisfaction with Matthews behavior.
Stellas voice was soft but firm as she replied, Shes Matthews adopted sister.
Bennett still wore a frown, his expression one of clear disapproval.
Even if shes his adopted sister, its not exactly fitting for an occasion like today.
Not wanting to let the conversation continue in front of everyone, Stella looked at Bennett earnestly and said, The most important thing today is that the new product launch event goes smoothly.
Nothing else matters.
.. s ...
Hearing Stellas words, Bennetts expression softened, and a proud smile crept onto his face.
Dont worry.
This is the most perfect launch event Ive ever seen.
Your brand will definitely make waves throughout Seamarsh.
Stella returned the smile with a quiet nod, her gaze once again fixed on the stage.
Though the venue was buzzing with noise, Lindsay, seated close by, had overheard the entire conversation between Stella and Bennett.
She subtly tugged on Matthews sleeve, catching his attention.
Matthew, I need to go to the restroom.
Matthew, his mind preoccupied with the event, nodded absentmindedly, barely noticing the request.
The servant then wheeled Lindsay away.
As Stella continued her lively conversation with the two elders of the Lowell family, her gaze inadvertently fell on Lindsay.
She narrowed her eyes, a flicker of understanding crossing her face.
From the moment Lindsay had entered, Stella had felt uneasy, her nerves on edge.
With everything riding on the success of the product launch, she couldnt afford any distractions or mistakes.
Stella stood up gracefully, smoothing the fabric of her skirt as she leaned in toward Bennett, whispering, Im going to the restroom.
Bennett gave her a quick nod, his voice low but firm.
Alright, but hurry back.
The event is about to begin.
Stella nodded in agreement, and then turned to leave.
Sanford, watching Stella walk away, allowed a small, knowing smile to tug at his lips.
Leaning toward Bennett, he whispered with a hint of amusement, You know, I really like Stella.
As he spoke, his gaze casually flicked over to Matthew, a complex look clouding his features.
Bennetts smile vanished, replaced by a deep frown.
He leaned in closer, his voice dropping to a scolding whisper. Sanford, are you out of your mind? Stella is already married.
Dont do anything stupid.
Sanford, however, remained unfazed, a knowing smile tugging at his lips as he toyed with Bennetts nerves.
After a brief pause, he spoke softly.
When I say I like her, I dont mean it in a romantic way.
Its more like a brothers affection for his sister.
Dont you care for Stella too? Havent you always treated her like your own sister? Bennett, visibly relieved, let out a long breath, his posture relaxing as he patted his chest.
You had me worried there for a second.
Dont joke Like that.
With the tension eased, Bennetts gaze flickered toward Matthew, a slight frown creasing his brow as his tone grew more serious.
Even if the woman you came with is your sister, Matthew, you should be more careful, especially on occasions like today.
Just look at the rumors flying around.
Can you imagine how Stella would feel if she heard them? 
###chapter2278
Matthew only nodded, his expression unreadable, his attention still fixed on the stage, lost in his own thoughts.
Backstage, the atmosphere was buzzing with frenzied energy, staff members darting around like bees preparing for a hive, ensuring every detail was in place for the event.
Lindsay, meanwhile, dismissed the servant and proceeded on her own.
Lindsays grand entrance earlier with Matthew had left quite the impression, ensuring that many staff members recognized her on sight.
As the launch event loomed closer, the air buzzed with frantic energy, leaving everyone too preoccupied to pay her much mind.
Slipping unnoticed into the dressing room, Lindsay found herself in a whirlwind of nervous models touching up their makeup.
Amid the chaos, the section where the dresses were displayed stood eerily vacant, beckoning her with its quiet allure.
Her gaze landed on the breathtaking creations hanging gracefully on their racks, and an ugly pang of jealousy surged within her.
There was no denying it-Stella had an artists touch, and each dress was nothing short of a masterpiece.
But so what? Lindsay thought bitterly, her mind spinning with schemes.
If these dresses were ruined, todays event would unravel into an absolute catastrophe. Stellas pristine reputation would take a nosedive, and Lindsay could bask in her downfall without lifting so much as a finger.
..
s ...
The idea lit a wicked glint in her eyes.
Smirking to herself, Lindsay discreetly wheeled herself toward the dresses, her fingers curling around the door handle to lock herself in.
Suddenly, a voice pierced through the quiet like a sharp crack of thunder.
If I were you, Id think twice before doing something so reckless.
The voice startled Lindsay into stillness.
Her breath hitched as she turned, her blood running cold.
There, standing in the doorway, was Stella.
Her lips curved into a half-smile, but her sharp eyes betrayed an icy edge.
Lindsay, Stella drawled, her tone deceptively casual.
Whats this? Thinking about stealing something? Lindsays face tightened, her mind scrambling for an excuse.
But Stella wasnt about to give her a chance.
Oh, wait, Stella quipped, tilting her head mockingly.
Dont tell me-youre here to inspect the backstage area? Lindsay opened her mouth, but Stella cut her off with an arched brow again.
Or maybe youre searching for someone? Matthews already settled in the audience, by the way.
Unless youve suddenly made friends with the models, I cant imagine who else youd know here.
Lindsays mouth snapped shut, her face burning with the effort to maintain her composure, while Stella leaned nonchalantly against the doorframe, looking every bit the queen surveying her court.
Lindsay abandoned any pretense, lifting her chin with an air of entitlement.
I can go wherever I please.
Im part of the Clark family and have a special relationship with Matthew.
Whos going to stop me? A flicker of disgust crossed Stellas face, but her voice remained icy. Lindsay, your last name is Wheeler, not Clark.
Whether youre considered part of their family isnt your decision-its Lucia and Waldos.
And if I tell them about what youre plotting right now, do you honestly think theyd keep indulging you? The arrogance drained from Lindsays face, replaced by the dark clouds of a brewing storm.
She recalled the way Lucia and Waldo had leapt to Stellas defense at the hospital, and unease gnawed at her confidence.
No matter how much she wanted to deny it, she wasnt sure shed win this round.
Stella stepped forward, her eyes locking with Lindsays in a steady, unflinching gaze.
You were planning to destroy my dresses, werent you? You know exactly what that would mean.
If theyre ruined, this event fails-and along with it, everything Ive worked so hard to build in the design world.
Caught red-handed, Lindsays bravado faltered.
She masked her panic with a scoff, crossing her arms.
Humph, dont throw around baseless accusations.
###chapter2279
Yet her darting eyes gave her away.
Stellas lips curved into a cool, almost taunting smile.
Without breaking eye contact, she reached for a pair of scissors lying on the table.
Holding them out to Lindsay, she said smoothly, Go ahead.
Isnt this what you wanted? Heres your chance.
Take these scissors and destroy the dresses-or come up with some other brilliant way to ruin them.
Lets see if youve got the nerve.
Lindsay reeled from Stellas abrupt challenge.
Her eyes wide, she shot back a fiery retort.
You think I lack the guts? A tremor of mixed anger and panic vibrated through her voice.
Stellas smirk only widened, her tone laced with provocation.
You claim courage? Prove it.
Stop the chatter; Im itching to see your next move. Consumed by fury, Lindsay seized the scissors with a fierce grip, hoisted them aloft, and brought them down toward the lavish dresses, unleashing the pent-up storm of jealousy and resentment.
Yet, in the throes of her wrath, a seed of doubt paused her hand.
A flood of anxious thoughts swirled through her mind.
Was this a ploy by Stella? Stellas eyes, gleaming with mockery, fixed on Lindsay.
Whats this? Halting mid-rebellion? Werent you just a fountain of bravado? ..
s ...
It was then that the realization dawned on Lindsay.
Her eyes narrowed, a glint of malice flashing through.
Playing games with me, are you? Her words were sharp as she took a cautious glance around and indeed, her gaze caught the ominous blink of a red light from a surveillance camera tucked in the corner.
Unfazed, Stella followed Lindsays alarmed look and offered a thin smile.
Ah, not so naive, I see.
She then taunted, dripping with scorn, You boasted of daring to make the cut.
What now, spooked by a little camera? Seems your bravery was just for show.
Lindsays cheeks burned a fierce red, her indignation simmering.
Through gritted teeth, she spat, Dont get cocky, Stella.
Ignoring her, Stella advanced, plucking the scissors from Lindsays grasp with a chilling calm.
Heed my warning, Lindsay.
Dare disrupt my event, and Ill make sure its your undoing.
I could crush you without a second thought.
The resolve in Stellas eyes sent an icy shiver down Lindsays spine.
Feeling the weight of panic, Lindsay was shaken by Stellas menacing words, causing her to flinch back, her wheelchair edging backward slightly.
Pointing an accusing finger at Stella, Lindsays voice cut through the air.
Stella, you set this trap for me! Stella merely laughed off the accusation, her voice dripping with condescension.
Did I lure you backstage? Did I coerce you into the dressing room? Lindsay, spare me the drama.
I have every right to have security remove you immediately.
With a dismissive gesture, Stella tossed the scissors aside. They clanged against the floor, landing perilously close to Lindsays feet, sending a chill of fear up her spine and whitening her face with dread.
At that moment, Doreen entered, her eyes widening briefly in surprise at Lindsays presence.
She quickly composed herself and turned to Stella.
Everythings in place.
The launch event will start any minute now.
Without missing a beat, Stella gave Doreen her orders, her gaze still fixed on Lindsay.
Escort Lindsay to the spectator seats.
And announce on the microphone that backstage access is strictly off limits without explicit permission, including to anyone from Prosperity Group.
Lets make it clear: Lindsays unauthorized intrusion will be tolerated this time only.
There wont be a repeat.
Doreen nodded, her response crisp.
Absolutely.
###chapter2280
Stellas voice was stern as she added, Use the microphone.
I want everyone to hear it loud and clear.
Hearing this, Lindsays frustration boiled over.
Stella, you cant do this.
It will disgrace Matthew.
Stellas retort was swift and sharp.
Oh? Now you think about Matthews embarrassment? You should have considered the consequences before you acted so impulsively.
Lindsay found herself tongue-tied, utterly confounded by Stellas probing question.
With a smug grin, Doreen wheeled Lindsay forward, offering a word of caution.
Miss Wheeler, you have mobility issues, and the backstage area is a hive of activity right now.
If you were to be jostled, who would take the blame? Much better to enjoy the show from the front, away from the hustle. Fury and frustration boiled within Lindsay as she hissed.
Just you wait! Doreen, indifferent to her anger, continued to guide the wheelchair away.
Stella remained still for a brief moment, steadying her nerves before making her way to the dressing room.
Her features melted into a warm smile as she greeted her team.
The show starts in ten minutes.
Thank you, everyone, for pushing through.
Together, were going to make this spectacular.
The models, all from Mileys renowned agency, were no strangers to the limelight.
Their nods were quiet but firm, signaling a shared confidence in their collective prowess.
In the audience area, Lindsay returned to her seat, simmering with resentment.
Before she could even gather her thoughts, the emcee had already embellished and broadcast Stellas words to the audience, sparking a wave of laughter.
The laughter drew many eyes toward Lindsay, stirring a cocktail of embarrassment and rage within her.
Under the gaze of the crowd, she eyed the opulent chandelier above, her mind ticking toward her sinister backup plan.
The Launch event burst into life beneath the glow of brilliant lights, with the emcees voice weaving through the crowd, setting the stage for what promised to be an unforgettable evening.
As his words faded, the space filled with the thumping beats of an upbeat pop anthem, marking the commencement of a high-energy fashion fiesta.
The first model emerged, commanding the runway with her grace and authority.
Her dress caught the light, casting prisms around the room, mesmerizing the audience to the point that it was claimed by a keen spectator before she even reached the runways heart.
These creations, touted as the epitome of accessible luxury, were priced from ten thousand upward, some reaching the lofty heights of a hundred thousand.
Yet, the hefty price tags did nothing to quench the audiences thirst for haute couture.
Behind the curtains, Stella was the undisputed puppet master, her simple yet stylish suit a stark contrast to the dazzling spectacle she commanded.
She observed the unfolding event with a serene focus, the glow of professionalism and determination reflected in her gaze.
Her walkie-talkie crackled to life occasionally with updates, which she handled with the deftness of a seasoned pro, ensuring every element of the event proceeded like clockwork. As the orders cascaded in, the sales figures soared, illuminated on the colossal screen overhead.
Each climbing digit seemed to pierce Lindsays eyes with a sharp sting.
Chewing on her lower lip, her heart swelled with a toxic blend of envy and bitterness.
Silently, she questioned her fate.
Why was Stella bathed in such resplendent success? Lindsays fists clenched tight, nails biting into her skin as a visceral reaction to the mounting jealousy.
Meanwhile, a flurry of activity buzzed from afar.
Bellas extensive circle of friends and former clients were zealously placing orders.
Alissa too lent her considerable influence, bolstering the event with a rapid succession of orders that streamed in.
Additionally, eagle-eyed attendees noted that the esteemed Sanz Group was championing Stellas designs, an endorsement that undoubtedly magnetized a significant clientele.
The atmosphere within the venue was electric, charged with enthusiasm and a palpable warmth.
###chapter2281
Observing from a quiet corner, Sanford maintained a calm exterior as he watched the event unfold.
Yet, when his gaze inadvertently settled on Stellas dynamic yet mesmerizing presence, his heart unexpectedly skipped a beat, captivated by her effortless charm.
Sanford felt a delicate shift within him, as if a seedling of emotion had begun to sprout in the depths of his heart, rendering him slightly adrift in his own thoughts.
Matthews eyes wandered, and then fixed themselves on Stella.
Bathed in the soft luminescence of the stage Lights, Stella radiated like a beacon.
Her expression of focus, the self-assurance in her stance, and the effortless charm that flowed with her every gesture captivated Matthew entirely, chaining his gaze to her presence.
Each smile she offered, each subtle move she made, wove an enchanting spell that gently pulled at his heartstrings, stirring dormant memories within the recesses of his mind.
Out of the blue, Stella felt an intense gaze piercing through the crowd.
By instinct, she turned her head toward the VIP section. Their eyes met momentarily.
Stella caught Matthews intense, earnest gaze-a gaze imbued with a whisper of longing that echoed the way he used to look at her before the shadows of amnesia had dimmed his memories.
Her heart fluttered, the world around her pausing in suspended silence.
Yet, when she dared another glance, Matthews features had resettled into their customary calm, as if the shared moment had been merely a trick of her mind.
With a rueful smile, Stella chastised herself internally.
Surely it was folly to think Matthew could look at her with such depth, given everything.
The venues applause snapped her back to reality.
She led the models back onto the stage to offer their collective thanks.
Their smiles were radiant, their bows deep and gracious, as the audiences applause crescendoed into a melodious symphony, perfectly capping the evenings events.
..
s ...
Out of the corner of her eye, Lindsay watched Matthew, noting his unchanged demeanor.
Yet, an inexplicable anxiety gnawed at her.
Lindsay knew she needed a credible pretext to draw close to Matthew and deliver a decisive blow to Stellas standing.
She looked up at the glittering crystal chandelier that dangled elegantly above the runway, her eyes glinting with resolve.
In the quiet that enveloped her, she waited patiently.
A slight tremor ran through her hands, yet her heart was anchored by a resolute belief: victory would bring her the joy she coveted.
Embracing this thought, she steadied her breath, her posture that of a predator lying in wait for the perfect moment to pounce. At that moment, Stella stepped up to the microphone, her smile beaming as she extended heartfelt thanks to each guest.
During her speech, her eyes deliberately sought Matthew.
She allowed herself a brief pause, her gaze heavy with expectation, hoping to glimpse any trace of emotion on his face.
Yet Matthews expression remained unreadable, his eyes empty, giving nothing away-as if Stella were merely a shadow in his world.
Disheartened, Stella managed to awkwardly express her gratitude again, concluding with, This marks the end of our event.
Should you have any professional questions, please dont hesitate to reach out to me.
As the audience erupted in applause once more, attendees at the back began to stir, preparing to depart.
Bennett busied himself with arranging the departure of his grandparents, while Sanford engaged them with enthusiastic recounts of the events highlights.
Just as Stella was about to step down from the stage, a peer from the fashion scene approached with a query on the fusion of fabric and tailoring in dress design.
###chapter2282
Stella paused, her response thoughtful and detailed, as she elaborated on her design philosophy and rich practical experience.
Amid this exchange, a jarring clatter of metal nearby sliced through the air, snapping Stellas focus back to her immediate surroundings.
Stellas gaze lifted slowly, settling on the once majestic crystal chandelier that now hung precariously above her.
Transformed by the shimmering lights, its splendor morphed into a sinister omen.
A collective gasp pierced the air as the audience caught sight of the impending disaster.
In a harrowing spectacle, the chandelieronce a beacon of luxury-hurtled toward the ground, driven by gravitys unyielding pull.
Off to the side, Sanford caught the danger too late, his reaction swallowed by the swift descent of peril.
Beneath the menacing fixture, Stella found herself immobilized, its oscillating silhouette casting a monstrous shadow over her.
.. s ...
A chilling paralysis gripped her mind, her feet cemented to the floor while around her, the world faded to a cacophony of distant screams and blurred figures.
Her eyes remained locked on the lethal dance of the chandelier.
The urgency in Doreens tear-streaked cry, Stella, get out of the way! shattered the eerie stillness that held Stella captive.
Her instincts screamed for her to escape the looming catastrophe, but before she could react, a forceful shove catapulted her from peril.
Sent sprawling backward, Stella nearly cascaded off the runway, her fall arrested by Sanfords timely intervention.
As she regained her footing, breathless and disoriented, she was stunned to find Lindsay-unexpectedly, implausibly-her savior.
Confusion clouded Stellas relief.
Why would Lindsay intervene in such a life-threatening moment? And with her known disability, how could she have executed such a swift rescue? The scene defied logic, weaving a tapestry of disbelief and bewilderment around Stella.
By some stroke of fortune, the chandelier did not strike Lindsay directly; it merely skimmed her arm.
Yet, a few shards of crystal managed to slice through her leg, leaving behind a grim tableau of blood and jagged wounds.
Lindsays face was a mask of terror, her eyes dilating with shock as she grappled with the aftermath of the near catastrophe.
Nearby, her wheelchair lay overturned-a silent witness to the chaos.
She made several attempts to seat herself, but each movement sent waves of agonizing pain shooting through her, rendering her helpless on the floor.
ALL the while, Stella was ensnared in a loop of bewilderment, softly voicing her confusion.
Why? Why did Lindsay save me? The atmosphere was electric with pandemonium, the air filled with a blend of cries and queries that wove through the chaos.
Quick to respond, Matthew dashed to Lindsays aid, his features creased with concern as he carefully evaluated her injuries.
Drawing a handkerchief from his suit, he deftly fashioned it into a bandage, his touch gentle yet firm, his gaze imbued with unspoken worry.
With the wounds temporarily tended to, Matthew hoisted Lindsay with utmost care back into her wheelchair, urgency lacing his voice.
Youre seriously injured. We need to get you to the hospital immediately.
However, Lindsay weakly resisted, her head shaking in gentle protest.
I dont want to go to the hospital yet.
A frown of frustration marred Matthews brow.
Youre in bad shape.
Why resist the hospital? Dont be stubborn.
As tears shimmered in Lindsays eyes, her resolve did not waver.
She met his gaze with a defiant strength.
Im really fine, dont worry.
###chapter2283
After a pause, her concern shifted toward Stella, her eyes laden with anxiety.
Stella, are you alright? Were you hurt? Silence hung heavy as Stella processed the unfolding events, her intuition tingling with suspicion.
They had thoroughly vetted the chandeliers installation prior to the event, double-checking every detail to ensure its stability.
The sudden catastrophe was not just unlikely-it seemed impossible.
A nagging doubt crept into Stellas mind, suggesting that perhaps there was more to this incident than a mere accident.
Something sinister was afoot, and she felt an imperative need to uncover it.
Matthew pressed Lindsay once more, his concern evident.
Are you truly alright? Please, dont push yourself beyond your limits.
Lindsay, mustering a fragile smile, assured him gently, Im fine, really.
A quick bandage is all I need.
I can stand guard over Stella.
After all, if I could shield you, surely I can protect her too.
Her statement cast a veil of confusion over the crowd, leaving them to murmur among themselves, puzzled by her intent. Stella was equally bewildered by Lindsays declaration, but everyone present had witnessed her brave act firsthand.
Compelled by a mix of duty and gratitude, she approached Lindsay with concern.
Do you need medical attention? I can arrange for transportation to the hospital.
Its my responsibility that youre hurt.
Pale but resolute, Lindsay declined softly, No, thank you.
Its merely a scratch, truly nothing grave.
The crowds whispers swelled into a chorus of admiration for Lindsays selfless spirit.
An onlooker noted, Earlier, Stella publicly pointed out Lindsays mistake, making it clear the backstage area was off-limits, but Lindsay showed no bitterness and courageously came to Stellas rescue in that critical moment.
What a magnanimous heart.
Stella found herself in a tight spot, as if she was forced to be indebted to Lindsay.
She inhaled deeply and offered her thanks.
Thank you, Lindsay.
At that juncture, Robin appeared, his features twisted in anger, berating Stella.
Is that all? Just a thank you? Lindsay put her life on the line for you while constrained to a wheelchair, and yet you dismiss her heroism with a few words? Stellas annoyance flickered across her face, ruffled by Robins sudden outburst.
With other guests still present, she suppressed her vexation and probed, And what more do you expect? In the midst of this tension, Lindsay grasped Robins hand, her eyes beseeching.
Please, lets not be harsh on Stella.
I assure you, I am fine.
It was merely an unfortunate accident.
Her voice, though soft, was laced with determination to quell any further discord.
Robin, however, remained unappeased, shaking off Lindsays touch with a fierce snap.
Lindsay, your kindness borders on folly.
Youve suffered greatly for Stellas sake.
Shouldnt she reciprocate in some way? His stare bored into Stella with a clear display of discontent, as if he were a champion defending his sisters honor.
Cornered by the situation, Lindsays eyes flickered with hesitation before settling on Stella with a solemn request.
Stella, theres a favor I must ask of you.
Stellas brow creased, a shadow of disquiet threading through her features, yet she spoke with unwavering clarity. Please, speak your mind.
Lindsay drew a deep breath, her eyes sweeping across the gathering before elevating her voice, ensuring it reached every corner of the room.
This matter is one only you can address.
I have just learned that Dr.
Watts is due to visit Seamarsh shortly.
He is the foremost specialist for my condition.
It is my fervent wish… I earnestly hope that Matthew could accompany me during my treatment.
The murmurs in the crowd stirred like leaves in a gentle breeze.
Speculation rippled through the assembled guests, their whispers intertwining.
Why does Matthew need to be with her? What ties them together so intimately? A web of rumors spun swiftly through the air, each thread tinged with intrigue and curiosity.
Holding Stellas gaze, Lindsays eyes gleamed with a complex blend of anticipation and mischief, silently reveling in the discomfort she suspected this request might inflict.
Her heart held a quiet hope that Stellas acquiescence would fan the flames of gossip, potentially casting shadows upon Stella and Matthews union.
###chapter2284
Stella, undeterred by the weight of Lindsays stare, met it with a steadfast look of her own.
Her voice was steady and deliberate as she responded, Though Matthew and I are united in marriage, I deeply respect his autonomy.
I am profoundly grateful for your bravery in rescuing him.
If this is your heartfelt request and it falls within my capabilities, rest assured, even if Matthew is unable to be by your side, I will find the means to support you.
After her declaration, she turned toward Matthew, her expression softening slightly as she sought his perspective.
What do you think? Confusion clouded the onlookers faces, and the whispers at the scene swelled as everyone held their breath for Matthews reply.
Yet, Matthew chose silence over speech.
He simply fixed his gaze on Lindsay and cautioned her, You should tend to your wounds first.
Make sure that the wounds dont succumb to infection.
Unwilling to drop the issue, Lindsays resolve hardened.
A cunning glint lit up her eyes as she turned to Stella, showering her with praises.
Stella, your new dresses are nothing short of spectacular. Youre the most gifted designer Ive ever encountered.
I was wondering… could you craft an outfit for me? Once Im back on my feet, Id love to parade down the street, basking in beautiful garments and reveling in newfound freedom.
She then sweetly pulled at Matthews sleeve, her voice dripping with honey.
Would that be alright, Matthew? This innocent inquiry sparked a wildfire of hushed conjectures.
While the crowd refrained from openly gossiping about Matthew, their exchanged glances were thick with unspoken theories.
With her lips pursed tightly, Stella scrutinized Lindsay.
To the uninformed, Lindsays words seemed harmless, but they were fraught with hidden agendas.
Stella was no stranger to Lindsays incessant machinations.
The unresolved case of the tumbling chandelier, hastily dismissed as mere accident by others, did not fool her.
Confronted with Lindsays requests, Stellas suspicions intensified, convincing her that this was just another thread in Lindsays intricate web of schemes.
Maintaining her poise, Stella retorted, If youre seeking my designs, why involve Matthew? My studio stands aloof from Prosperity Group.
Matthew would need my approval to commission any piece, wouldnt he? Caught off guard, Lindsay offered a strained smile and replied, I merely feared you might be swamped, so I sought Matthews help.
Its been so long since Ive adorned myself in elegance due to my injuries.
With hopes of recovery on the horizon, I yearn to rediscover the joys of ordinary life.
Bennett, who had been simmering quietly nearby, stepped into the fray with a scowl.
Grasping Stellas arm with resolve, he declared firmly, If youre reluctant, just say no.
Your studio has tons of orders.
Dont Let them manipulate your gratitude.
As Stella absorbed the tension around her, it became clear that Lindsays simple request for a dress was a veiled attempt to ensnare her in a net of unspoken obligations and subtly undermine her relationship with Matthew.
..
s ...
At that moment, Matthew casually weighed in.
Its just a dress.
It shouldnt take up much of Stellas time.
Before Stella could muster a response, Bennetts restraint vanished.
His voice, tinged with frustration, cut through the air. Matthew, are you aware of what youre saying? Whose side are you on? How can you stand by and watch Stella be pressured Like this? Stella, though resonating with Bennetts indignation, recognized the need for diplomacy to avoid a public spectacle.
She gently tugged at Bennetts sleeve, her gesture a quiet call for peace.
Then, turning to Lindsay with a smile that was both gracious and strained, Stella acknowledged.
Lindsay, your compliments are appreciated.
You certainly have an eye for style, and Im eager to cater to those who admire my designs.
Seeking to diffuse the tension, she then shifted her focus and beckoned her assistant with a composed call.
Doreen, would you please check our current schedule at the studio? I need an overview of our commitments.
Doreen caught on quickly.
After a brief look at her tablet, she responded, Our studios calendar is packed until the start of next year.
Were fully booked for the rest of this year and cant take on any more orders.
Stella acknowledged this with a nod and turned to Matthew.
Did you get that? If Lindsay really wants clothes from our studio, I can connect her with other skilled designers.
###chapter2285
Lindsay kept quiet.
Her forehead creased as she thought about how to politely refuse the suggestion.
A trace of discomfort appeared on her face.
Stella went on, Or do you have a specific reason you want me to personally design something for you, Lindsay? Lindsay experienced a brief wave of panic and worry, but she quickly regained her composure and explained, Actually, theres no need to hurry.
The doctor hasnt even arrived yet.
Its just that the gorgeous dresses you showed today made me really excited to wear one of your creations.
Stella gave a slight, knowing smile.
Her gaze was piercing as though she had read Lindsays mind.
Feeling the awkwardness in the air, Lindsay tugged at Matthews hand and, with a hint of vulnerability, asked, Matthew, could you take me to get my wounds treated? My leg is starting to hurt. Without a word, Matthew simply nodded and began to wheel Lindsay away.
With Matthew and Lindsay gone, the others slowly dispersed, and the buzz of conversation around them faded.
Bennett, visibly upset, was on the verge of confronting Matthew.
However, Stella intervened just before Bennett could confront Matthew, quickly explaining how Matthews behavior had changed after he lost his memory and the complexities of their relationship recently.
Bennett paused, still visibly upset, and countered, Thats no justification for his behavior.
How can he just ignore you like that? Stella sighed softly, chose not to respond, and turned her attention to wrapping up the Launch event.
Meanwhile, Matthew helped Lindsay into the car and directed Fernando, Take her to the hospital to get her wounds treated.
Looking at Matthew, Lindsay asked, Where will you be going? Matthew answered briefly, Ive got some things to sort out.
With that, he turned to leave.
As he walked away, Lindsay called out to his retreating figure, I saved Stella because I didnt want you to be upset.
Her voice echoed in the empty parking lot, with a touch of hypocrisy.
Matthew stopped in his tracks.
Even Fernando felt the tension and sat silently, unsure of how to react.
Lindsay went on, I know you and Stella arent going to split, and Ive accepted that.
But since I dont have anyone else here in Seamarsh, all I ask is for you to be there for me while I recover.
Once Im better, Ill step aside for Stella.
Matthew looked at her calmly and replied with a cold tone, Youre mistaken.
The path my relationship with Stella takes isnt your concern. Youre in this situation because you saved me, and Ill ensure youre looked after.
However, going forward, for whatever reason, avoid putting yourself in danger like that again.
You dont need to save anyone for the sake of anyone else.
Lindsay felt a sharp pang in her heart, as though it were being squeezed, but she managed to keep her expression steady and replied, I understand.
Emotions flickered in Lindsays eyes like a candle caught in the wind.
She struggled to decipher the depths of Matthews feelings for Stella, compelling her to probe further.
With a hint of hope, she inquired softly, If Dr.
Watts fails to cure me this time, would you stand by my side forever? Even if we remain nothing more than close friends, Id find great solace in that.
###chapter2286
A wave of irritation washed over Matthew, and his response came out sharper than intended.
Stop worrying about such things.
Just go to the hospital and take care of your injuries.
Finishing his thoughts, he turned to Fernando, his voice firm.
Ensure she gets to the hospital.
We cant afford any complications with her wounds.
Lindsay watched him walk away, her heart tangled in a web of emotions that she couldnt quite name.
She lowered her gaze, her hands tightening on her knees.
A silent vow formed in her heart to achieve her aims before Ronans arrival. A mischievous smile crept across her lips, tinged more with scheming than benevolence.
Meanwhile, Matthew made his escape to the gun range.
Irritation and confusion clouded his eyes, suggesting that this was his refuge, the only place where he could find a moments peace.
He seized a firearm, took aim, and unleashed a barrage of bullets at the target.
Each shot seemed to scream into the void, releasing the pent-up storm of his inner turmoil.
As dusk bled into night, the rhythmic thunder of gunfire filled the air, only ceasing when a dull ache in his arm signaled it was time to rest.
It was then that Neville appeared, breathless and flustered.
With Matthew unreachable, the desperate Fernando had enlisted Nevilles help.
Guessing Matthews retreat, Neville had hurried to find him at the range.
Breathing heavily, Neville blurted out, Matthew, have you heard? The internet is teeming with rumors about you and Stella.
Rumor has it you paraded a new love at Stellas launch today, and she even boldly claimed her place right in front of Stella! What in the world is going on? Matthew paused in wiping his brow, his features knitting together in displeasure.
Are you actually giving credence to those online fantasies? As Matthews glare pierced through the growing shadows of the evening, Nevilles curiosity only deepened.
Is it true? Silence fell between them, heavy and revealing.
Matthews stern Look was as telling as a spoken confession.
Undaunted, Neville ventured another guess.
Was it Lindsay you took there? The silence lingered, thickening with each passing seconda silent nod from the universe.
Alarmed by the implications, Nevilles tone took on an edge of reproach.
Have you completely lost your mind? Skipping the Launch would have been inconsequential, but why bring Lindsay into this? Are you seriously considering her as your new focus? Dont forget, Stella is still your wife! Matthews expression soured further, frustration etching his features. It was merely a fashion show, nothing more.
The event was public, open to all eyes.
The press is simply stirring the pot unnecessarily.
Youre reading too much into it.
With that, Matthew reached for his phone, intending to quash the unwanted headlines before they grew further out of control.
Neville quickly added, Ive already spoken to Fernando about removing the news.
I know you well enough to handle this.
Matthew aborted the call, his phone now a dead weight in his hand.
###chapter2287
He sighed deeply, the weight of the world seemingly on his shoulders.
Neville watched him, a mix of confusion and concern in his eyes.
I find it harder and harder to understand you.
Even if amnesia has blurred your memories, the shift in you is dramatic.
Everything about you seems transformed.
Can you honestly say theres no place in your heart for Stella anymore? Matthew listened to Nevilles words in silence, all while Stellas face kept appearing in his mind.
He was suddenly worried that she might see the trending news articles and get upset because of the narrative they spun.
In truth, Stella didnt have the time to check her phone, let alone the latest news.
As soon as the launch event ended, orders began pouring in nonstop.
They were overwhelmed by the unexpected deluge.
Doreen came over with a stack of documents to confirm some follow-up arrangements with Stella.
The factorys warehouse is already filled with the fabric from Sanfords company.
Should we move some of them to the new warehouse we rented? Stella didnt take her eyes off the papers she was reviewing. Do as you see fit, but make sure to keep a close eye on the progress.
We cant afford any mistakes.
Doreen nodded.
Got it.
Just then, Sanford walked in with a bunch of his assistants, each carrying bags of food in both hands.
Youve all been working so hard, Sanford said with a huge smile on his face.
I brought some food for everyone to enjoy.
The employees cheered in unison.
Doreen quietly leaned close to Stella and whispered, Look how thoughtful and generous he is.
Its so late, yet he still took the time to bring us food.
Although, Im pretty sure thats not the main reason he came.
Stella gave her a wry look.
You think so highly of him, just because he brought us some free food? Come on, Doreen, you need to elevate your standards a bit.
Otherwise, youd be easily swayed by small, insignificant gestures from good-looking men.
But Doreen was not to be deterred.
Oh, dont say that.
Sanford has been helping you since the start of the launch.
He even solved the issue with the fabric for you.
Thats not exactly something just any friend would do.
As they spoke, Sanford approached them.
Stella quickly chased Doreen away.
Youd better grab yourself something to eat before nothing is left.
Doreen just laughed.
Ill take my share to the factory and eat there while checking the fabric.
As she passed Sanford, she didnt forget to thank him.
Thank you for the food, Mr. Quimby! Sanford nodded with his usual gentle smile.
Doreen is quite energetic, isnt she? he remarked to Stella.
Your life must be so much more interesting with such a zealous assistant.
Funny you should say that.
Doreen was actually singing your praises to me just a while ago.
You two seem to think highly of each other.
How about I play matchmaker? Sanford turned serious in the blink of an eye.
You know how I feel, Stella, he said in earnest.
Please dont joke about something Like this again.
Stella didnt expect her casual remark to spark such a reaction.
She awkwardly cleared her throat and tried to change the subject.
What brings you here all of a sudden, anyway? Thankfully, Sanford followed her lead.
The Internet is buzzing about your launch event, so I thought Id drop by and see if theres anything I can help with.
###chapter2288
Stellas brows furrowed slightly.
Really? Ive been so busy today that I havent had a chance to check my phone.
Sanford seized the opportunity to say, Well, there are also some tabloid articles about you online.
Stella didnt need further explanation to know that he was referring to the matters involving Lindsay.
She didnt want to delve into it, so she brushed it off and said, You shouldnt pay attention to rumors.
Theyre just baseless stories and will die down eventually.
Sanford fixed his gaze on Stella and said earnestly, Stella, ignoring the situation wont make it disappear.
The media is already stirring up rumors about your relationship with Matthew.
Any hint of tension between you and him will only fuel their suspicions.
I also heard Matthew will help Lindsay through her treatment. That puts you at a disadvantage.
Youre remarkable and deserve so much more.
Stella responded firmly, And what does so much more even mean? Leaving Matthew? If I divorce him now, wouldnt that just confirm what the media is speculating? Matthew and I are husband and wife.
He only behaves this way because hes lost his memories.
When they return, if he still wants to separate, Ill respect that choice.
Until then, I wont walk away so easily.
Sanford, clearly unsettled, said, You dont have to wait for things to happen to you, Stella.
You can take charge and shape your own future.
Before Stella could reply, her phone buzzed.
Doreens name appeared on the screen.
She answered, and Doreens urgent voice filled the line.
Something terrible has happened! Stellas expression darkened as she listened to Doreens report over the phone.
Gritting her teeth, she grabbed her car keys and headed out without a word.
Sanford followed quickly, asking, Whats wrong? Where are you going? Let me drive you.
Stella, moving swiftly, called back, The new warehouse is on fire.
Lets go there and help! At the edge of the city, thick black smoke blanketed the horizon.
Flames had engulfed the massive warehouse, threatening to devour everything within.
When Stella arrived, the scene was chaotic.
Doreen and a small group of workers were scrambling to move materials out of danger.
Panic surged through Stella.
She leaped from Sanfords car before it fully came to a stop, and ran toward the blaze without hesitation. Stella, stop! Doreen cried out after her.
She tried to block Stellas path, but it was too late.
The fire inside the warehouse was already roaring since that was where it had started.
Only items near the entrance could be salvaged safely, and even that was risky.
Ignoring the warnings, Stella charged toward the deeper sections of the building, where the most valuable fabrics for their new fashion collection were stored.
Losing those would be disastrous.
Outside, Doreen paced nervously, watching the flames climb higher.
She wanted to follow Stella but couldnt get past the intense heat.
ALL she could do was shout Stellas name in desperation.
Sanford ran over and froze at the sight of Stellas daring.
###chapter2289
Collecting himself, he clenched his fists and ran in after her.
Inside the warehouse, smoke stung Stellas eyes, blurring her vision and making it difficult to breathe.
Yet she pushed forward, a damp cloth in hand, beating out flames on the precious fabric.
Her thoughts were singular: she couldnt let everything be destroyed.
Suddenly, a strong hand gripped her arm.
It was Sanford, his face red from heat and frustration.
What are you doing? he yelled, his voice cutting through the roar of the flames.
Get out now! This is too dangerous.
If the fabric is ruined, well find a way to replace it! Outside, firefighters began spraying water onto the blaze, concentrating on the worst areas.
Slowly, the flames started to die down, and the suffocating heat eased.
Seeing that the heat eased, Doreen finally managed to rush in.
She rushed to Stella, her voice shaking with urgency. Stella, we need to go now! The firefighters are here, and theyll put out the fire in time.
You cant stay any longer! Worn out and drained, Stella didnt resist.
Leaning on Sanford and Doreen, she exited the warehouse.
Before long, the fire was brought under control, and the chaos began to settle.
Wasting no time, Stella moved to assess the damage to the fabrics.
Doreen joined her, hands moving quickly as she tried to help clean up.
With a face full of guilt, Doreen said to Stella, Im so sorry.
This is all on me.
I should have double-checked before renting this place, and now look whats happened.
Stella placed a reassuring hand on Doreens shoulder.
Dont worry about it.
The important thing is that no one was hurt, and as long as the fabrics arent too damaged, well manage.
A chill ran down her spine as she glanced around at the wreckage and remembered the danger earlier.
Sanford stood quietly nearby, concern clouding his eyes and expression.
Amid the flurry of movement, as everyone worked to sort through the mess, the final inventory results were soon completed.
Doreen, seeing how exhausted Stella was, spoke with concern.
Stella, theres nothing more to do here.
You should head back and get some rest.
Youre clearly worn out.
Stella felt every inch of her body dragging her down, aching and uncomfortable.
The smoke from the fire had burned her throat, making each breath feel heavy and painful.
She nodded quietly, deciding to leave with Sanford.
As they walked, Stella turned to Sanford, her voice full of gratitude.
Thank you for everything today. You really took a risk.
If something had happened to you, I wouldnt have known how to handle it.
Sanfords expression darkened slightly, and he responded, his tone laced with mild reproach, I took a risk? What about you? You knew how dangerous it was, yet you still rushed in.
If the fabrics are ruined, I can replace them.
Thats my promise.
Dont risk your life for this.
Their conversation slowed as they neared the warehouse entrance, just in time to see Matthew rushing toward them.
His steps were quick, clearly hurried, as if something pressing had come up.
Matthews eyes darted to Stella, noticing the layer of soot on her face and the fatigue in her posture.
A flash of worry crossed his face.
He scanned her for any visible injuries and spoke with urgency.
Are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere? Do you need to go to the hospital? Stella was surprised at Matthews sudden appearance and questioned, Why are you here? 
###chapter2290
Ignoring her inquiry, Matthew stepped closer and reached out to support Stella.
She tensed momentarily but didnt pull away, murmuring, Im covered in soot.
I dont want to mess up your clothes.
Matthew dismissed her concern, steadying her regardless.
He shifted focus and asked, Was the fire an accident, or do you think it was intentional? Hearing this, Stellas expression grew serious as she considered his question.
A crease formed between her brows, and she spoke slowly.
I have a feeling it was deliberate.
The way it started seemed off.
Matthews gaze hardened, his voice turning cold and resolute.
Ill get to the bottom of it.
Then his attention shifted back to Stella as he asked, Was there any loss? If anything is damaged, just tell Fernando to replace it. Sanfords voice cut in with a slight edge, Feeling guilty, Matthew? Is that why youre trying to make amends? His eyes flashed with subtle defiance.
At this time, Matthew finally acknowledged Sanford, meeting his challenging stare with unwavering determination.
Shes my wife.
I dont need an excuse to look after her.
Stellas emotions were stirred by Matthews words.
It had been so long since he had spoken to her tenderly.
Her heart skipped a beat, and for a moment, she felt her cheeks grow warm.
Matthew himself was surprised by the words that had slipped out of his mouth.
A complex emotion flickered in his eyes.
Meanwhile, Sanford was about to say something when Stella quickly interjected with, You two should head back.
Ima bit tired.
I want some time to myself.
Sanford had no choice but to swallow his words.
Instead, he said to her, Let me take you home.
You didnt drive here.
Stella hesitated.
She wanted to tell him that she would wait for Doreen, but Matthew had already taken her hand.
Ill drive you back, he said.
He didnt even wait for her response and just ushered her into his car.
The next thing Stella knew, she was sitting in the passenger side with her seatbelt on.
Matthew didnt waste any time starting the engine, and the car was soon leaving the warehouse behind.
After some time, however, they stopped in the middle of the highway. At first, Stella thought that there was a problem with the vehicle.
But before she could even voice her concern, Matthew pulled a wet wipe from the pouch on his dashboard and began to wipe the dirt off her face.
Stella stiffened and blinked in surprise.
I can do it myself, she murmured, reaching for the wet wipe.
Matthew dodged her hand and continued with his gentle ministrations.
You cant see your face.
How will you even know where to wipe? After a moment or two, he pulled back and said sincerely, Im sorry about today.
Once again, Stella found herself caught off-guard.
She knew that he was referring to the incident at the launch event that was all over the headlines.
She just never imagined that he would actually apologize.
###chapter2291
She plastered a smile on her face and tried to look unbothered.
Its not like the media made everything up.
We should take this as a test run for the day the divorce becomes official.
Matthews brows furrowed in displeasure.
What do you mean by that? Stella met his gaze steadily.
Exactly what it sounds Like.
This time, anger flashed in Matthews eyes.
Do you really want a divorce? Is it because of Sanford? Stella felt a lump in her throat as waves of sadness washed over her.
She wanted to ease the tension in the car, only to realize that she didnt even have the strength to keep smiling anymore.
When she looked at Matthew again, her expression was one of weary resignation.
From the very beginning, it was you who wanted a divorce.
You brought it up first. Since then, you were going out with Lindsay to various public events, causing the media to speculate about our marriage.
Did you ever stop to consider how I felt during those times? Stella gently removed Matthews hand from her face.
Theres no need for you to clean my face.
Im heading home, anyway.
It doesnt matter whether my face is dirty or not; Im just exhausted.
If you really want to drive me all the way back, it would be best if you refrain from saying things neither of us wants to hear.
She leaned back in her seat and closed her eyes, leaving silence in her wake.
For a while, Matthew just watched Stella with a complicated expression on his face.
It was a mix of guilt, heartache, and resignation.
Before long, he finally started the car again and drove in the direction of Prosper Bay.
Stella seemed to sense the moment they pulled over in front of the villa.
She immediately opened her eyes, unbuckled her seatbelt, and got out of the car without so much as a goodbye.
She walked straight into the house without a backward glance.
She had just stepped into the foyer when her phone rang.
It was Miley calling.
Stella took a deep breath to calm herself, and then she pressed the answer button.
Mileys voice rang out from the phone, laced with clear anger.
I just returned from a business trip and overheard the models at the company discussing the launch event.
Why did Matthew bring Lindsay with him? Even if hes lost his memory, he shouldnt have been so inconsiderate.
How could he do this to you? Stella felt completely drained and had no desire to continue the conversation.
She responded faintly, Miley, Im really worn out.
I dont want to go into this right now.
Upon hearing this, Miley quickly asked, Where are you? Ill come over so we can talk in person.
Stella declined, saying, Theres no need; its already late, and you just got back from your trip. You should relax.
Ill manage on my own.
Just then, Stella saw Matthew walk into the room.
Her eyes showed a brief spark of surprise, but she masked it quickly.
Miley continued to give advice over the phone before reluctantly ending the call.
Stella had no desire to engage in a conversation with Matthew.
She got up to go upstairs.
Matthew watched her as she began to leave and said, Cordell is going to conduct some tests on me tomorrow.
Will you come with me? Stella stopped, caught off guard by his request.
However, she was also curious about the state of his amnesia.
After a brief pause, she consented, Alright.
###chapter2292
The night turned out to be anything but calm.
The news of a fire at Stellas warehouse quickly made headlines and soon, it was all over the internet, stirring widespread discussion.
Sanford was seated in his study, his stern expression illuminated by the Light.
He dialed a number and gave instructions to the person on the other end.
Ensure the incident of the fire at the warehouse is handled quietly.
Matthew will be investigating, and we need to make sure it doesnt lead back to us.
Also, send more supplies to Stellas studio so her work isnt too disrupted.
After sorting out everything, Sanford hung up, but just then, the phone rang again.
He glanced at the caller ID, hesitated briefly, and then answered with a respectful tone, Grandpa. A strong, elderly voice responded, clearly displeased, Sanford, youre moving too slowly.
Sanford quickly replied, Im on it.
I will expedite the process.
The old man said firmly, Dont let me down.
Youve been too focused on that woman.
If I dont see improvements soon, Ill have to intervene myself.
Sanfords eyes widened slightly as he fought to keep his voice steady.
Grandpa, Ive gained the trust of Stella and the Lowell family, but Stella and Bella have both lost their memories before the car accident.
It will naturally take more time to discover where theyve hidden things.
The old man cut in sharply, Im not interested in excuses, Sanford.
I want results.
You have three months.
Sanford parted his lips, ready to explain further, but he held back and simply said, Understood.
The call was abruptly ended.
Sanford walked over to the window, staring into the dark night, lost in thought.
After some time, he picked up his phone again and dialed Lindsays number.
His gaze turned deep and mysterious, as if a new conspiracy were brewing.
The next morning, sunlight filtered through the small gap in the curtains, gently coaxing Stella awake.
As she opened her eyes and glanced around, she quickly realized she was alone in the room. Matthew hadnt slept in the master bedroom the previous night.
A fleeting doubt crossed her mind, but after a brief pause, she brushed it aside and got up to freshen up.
Just as she finished dressing and was about to leave, the door swung open.
Matthew stood in the doorway, a flicker of surprise flashing in his eyes.
I just came to change clothes, he explained quickly.
It was then that Stella noticed his attire-still the same as the night before, slightly wrinkled, and paired with an air of fatigue.
Instinctively, she asked, Where did you sleep last night? In the study, he replied simply.
She nodded softly.
Quietly stepping aside, she made room for him to pass, preparing to leave the room herself.
###chapter2293
Before she could, Matthew spoke again.
Fernando investigated the warehouse fire last night.
Unfortunately, there are no surveillance cameras in the area, so we still dont know if it was set by someone.
Stella blinked in surprise.
She had assumed his mention of the investigation the previous day was a passing comment.
Hearing an update so soon caught her off guard.
Though her heart warmed at his attentiveness, she kept her expression calm and neutral.
Got it.
Let me know if theres anything new, she said evenly.
She couldnt shake the suspicion that Lindsay might be involved-not just with the fire, but also with the chandelier incident at the launch event.
Yet, without concrete evidence, she decided not to voice her concerns to Matthew. As she exited the room, Matthew watched her leave, a faint frown creasing his brow, as though he were lost in thought.
Later, after they had both gotten ready, they shared breakfast in quiet companionship before heading to the hospital.
Upon their arrival, Cordells surprise was evident.
He raised an eyebrow at the sight of them walking in together.
As they approached the examination room, he leaned closer to Matthew and murmured, Your relationship with Stella seems to have improved.
Have you remembered anything? Matthew shook his head.
No.
Cordell looked disappointed.
But Matthew surprised him by adding, I find myself wanting to be near Stella.
Sometimes, when I cant see her, I feel… anxious.
A knowing smile spread across Cordells lips.
Matthew, dont doubt us.
Before, you were deeply in love with Stella-so much so that you wouldnt let anyone harm even a single strand of her hair.
Matthew remained silent, his face betraying his uncertainty.
He didnt look entirely convinced by Cordells words.
Sensing his hesitation, Cordell leaned in, his tone becoming more earnest.
If just one person said it, you could dismiss it as a lie.
But when everyone says the same thing, whats there to question? If you cant remember the past between you, why not try again? Pursue Stella like its the first time-rekindle that feeling of first love.
You might find its worth it.
Cordell stopped, noticing Matthews intense gaze fixed on him.
Feeling slightly flustered, Cordell offered an awkward smile and decided it was best to hold back any further jokes.
Without another word, he turned and led Matthew into the examination room. In the corridor, Stella stood quietly by herself.
However, beneath her serene exterior, unease gnawed at her.
She hadnt shared the timing of Matthews check-up with anyone else, unwilling to cause unnecessary worry for the elders.
At that moment, her attention was drawn to the other end of the corridor, where she saw Lucia walking in her direction alongside Lindsay.
Stella was still trying to figure out why Lucia had shown up unannounced when Lindsay broke the silence, her tone sharp with reproach.
Stella, Matthew has an important check-up today, and you didnt tell anyone? Bringing him here without informing us-whats that supposed to mean? Lucia glanced at Stella with a worried expression, her concern evident.
Taking a deep breath, Stella shot a cold look at Lindsay and then turned to Lucia, her expression softening.
Lucia, this is just a routine check-up.
Waldo hasnt even been discharged yet.
Matthew and I discussed everything and decided to wait for the results before informing everyone.
Theres no need to cause unnecessary panic.
###chapter2294
She deliberately emphasized the words discussed everything, throwing a pointed look in Lindsays direction.
Lindsays expression faltered, her face tightening as a flash of displeasure crossed her eyes.
Stellas calm but firm response had caught her off guard, leaving her momentarily speechless.
It felt as if a heavy weight had settled on her chest, stifling her ability to argue further.
When Lindsay heard about Matthews check-up, she rushed over, consumed by anxiety.
Fear gnawed at her-fear that the results might jeopardize her carefully laid plans.
If Matthew regained his memory, everything she had schemed for would come crashing down.
Desperate to control the situation, she dragged Lucia along, hoping to create trouble for Stella.
But now, it was clear her scheme had backfired.
Matthew and Stella had already discussed and made decisions, leaving her efforts futile.
Sensing the growing tension, Lucia quickly stepped in to ease the awkwardness. Stella, please dont take it the wrong way.
Lindsay and I are just worried about Matthew.
Thats all.
We mean no harm.
Lucias words seemed to restore Lindsays confidence, and she quickly regained her composure and shot back at Stella.
A check-up isnt a small matter, Stella.
And Matthew isnt just anyone-his health is critical to the entire Clark family.
Even if youre his wife, Grandpa and Grandma are the most important people in his life.
How could you keep this from them? As she finished her tirade, Lindsays eyes suddenly lit up, and her face brightened with excitement.
She looked past Stella and exclaimed, Matthew! Startled, Stella turned to see Matthew walking out of the examination room.
Before Stella could react, Lindsay wheeled herself toward him in a rush, deliberately brushing against Stella with enough force to make her stumble.
Caught off guard, Stella took an involuntary step back, her frown deepening as a flicker of anger flashed in her eyes.
Lindsay pretended not to notice, turning her attention fully to Matthew.
Her tone was dripping with false concern as she asked, Matthew, how did it go? Ive been so worried about you! Matthew barely acknowledged Lindsays words.
His gaze swept over Stella instead, checking her from head to toe.
Only when he saw she was unharmed did his expression soften, and a trace of relief crossed his face.
Turning away from Lindsay, he addressed Lucia.
Grandma, Im fine.
It was just a routine check-up-nothing to worry about.
Lucia, still worried, pressed him further.
But what about the results? Is everything alright? Well know soon, Matthew said.
Cordell will bring them out any moment. Just then, Cordell walked out of the examination room.
As he approached, his expression was guarded, almost tense.
He hesitated for a brief moment upon noticing Lucias presence, and then quickly plastered on a polite smile.
Lucia.
What a surprise to see you here, Cordell said warmly, his tone betraying none of the unease in his eyes.
Stella, however, caught the subtle shift in Cordells demeanor.
Her heart tightened with apprehension.
Something wasnt right.
She wanted to ask about the results immediately, but with Lucia standing there, she hesitated.
Some matters were better discussed away from prying ears.
###chapter2295
Lucia didnt notice the subtle tension and directly asked Cordell, Cordell, how is Matthews condition? Be honest with me.
Cordell hesitated for a moment before replying, Its nothing serious.
He just needs some treatment.
Lucia frowned, her skeptical gaze fixed on him.
Is that really the case? You have to tell me the truth.
After several reassurances from Cordell, she reluctantly chose to believe him.
Matthew, however, sensed that Cordell was withholding something.
He turned to Lindsay and said, Please take Grandma home.
Lindsay clung to his arm, her voice filled with concern.
Arent you coming with us? Matthew shook his head.
I have something to take care of. Lindsay paused in thought before suggesting, Then Stella could come with us.
Lets all leave together.
Cordell quickly intervened.
Stella needs to stay.
I need to discuss Bellas treatment with her.
Hearing that it was about Bellas condition, Lucia didnt want to delay.
In that case, well head home first and leave you to talk it over.
Though Lindsay was clearly reluctant, she had no choice but to Leave with Lucia.
Once they had gone, Stella turned to Cordell, anxiety etched across her face.
Is there a problem with my moms treatment? Is her condition getting worse? Cordell, guilt evident in his expression, sighed deeply.
Im sorry, Stella.
I lied to you.
Actually, its Matthews treatment thats facing complications.
Stellas worry intensified, and she pressed him urgently.
Whats going on? Please tell me.
Cordell exchanged a glance with Matthew before replying, Lets talk in my office.
The three of them made their way to Cordells office.
As soon as Stella sat down, she leaned forward, her voice trembling.
Whats the problem? My mom and I also lost parts of our memories after the car accident.
Isnt Matthews case similar? Cant mental treatment alone cure him? Cordells expression darkened, his tone serious as he explained, Matthews case is different.
He has a blood clot in his brain, pressing against the nerves and causing his amnesia.
Stellas eyes widened in shock. How can it be treated? Cordell took a deep breath, his words measured.
He needs surgery.
But theres a risk-if the surgery fails, Matthews life could be in danger.
The harsh reality hit Stella like a wave.
Her face paled, her Lips quivering as fear and worry overtook her.
Beside her, Matthews calm demeanor faltered, a shadow of seriousness crossing his face.
Sensing their distress, Cordell quickly attempted to reassure them.
Dont worry too much just yet.
If the surgery is successful, Matthew will regain his lost memories.
Everything will be fine then.
Stella drew in a shaky breath, forcing herself to remain composed.
She met Cordells gaze, her voice trembling slightly as she asked, What are the chances of success? 
###chapter2296
Cordell hesitated, the silence weighing heavily in the room before he finally responded, his tone honest yet somber.
Theres a fifty-fifty chance of success.
But as it stands, the surgery is unavoidable.
If the blood clot continues to press on the nerves, it will endanger Matthews life sooner rather than later.
The color drained further from Stellas face as the gravity of the situation settled in.
Still, she refused to give up.
Isnt there any other way? Medication or something? Does it have to be surgery? Cordell shook his head, a look of helplessness in his eyes.
His voice was grave as he replied, Unfortunately, theres no alternative.
Right now, surgery is the only solution we have.
Stella suddenly felt adrift, as though she had been cast into an endless abyss of despair.
Deep down, she couldnt deny that part of her longed for Matthew to regain his memory, to return to the way things were before. But in this moment, more than anything, all she wished for was his survival-for him to live and thrive.
However, the current situation left her with no choice but to surrender to fate.
The suffocating helplessness threatened to shatter her completely.
Stella had never been one to indulge in sentimentality or shed tears easily, yet this time, she felt them building, ready to spill at any moment.
Matthew remained silent, as if grappling with a difficult decision.
Then, with resolve, he looked at Cordell and said firmly, Cordell, arrange the surgery and the doctor.
Instinctively, Stella reached out, clutching Matthews arm as she pleaded desperately, No! If the surgery fails, you could die.
The painful.
memories of losing loved ones surged through her, an unbearable tide of grief.
She couldnt stand the thought of losing another person so dear to her.
Matthew turned to her, his gaze gentle but unyielding.
Dont worry, he said with quiet determination.
I wont die.
Even Matthew was surprised at how naturally the words came to him, but once spoken, they felt undeniable, as though they were the truth.
Stella froze, her mind clouded by his steady gaze and the weight of his words, unable to form a reply.
Seeing her stunned expression, Matthews lips curled into a faint smile.
He added softly, Trust me.
Im not so easy to defeat.
I still have so much left to do.
Stella looked at the man sitting beside her, familiar and yet distant.
For a fleeting moment, it felt as though time had rewound to when they were deeply in love.
Back then, Matthew had often made promises to her-and he had kept every single one, enveloping her in a profound sense of security. Her heart swelled with a bittersweet mix of sorrow and gratitude.
She struggled to keep her tears at bay, even as they threatened to overflow.
She understood the necessity of the surgery.
Though anxiety gnawed relentlessly at her, she gave a silent nod of agreement.
Cordell immediately sprang into action, reassuring them that he would consult with top specialists to ensure the surgery went flawlessly.
Matthew acknowledged Cordells assurance with a quiet nod before gently leading Stella out of the office.
As they walked, Stellas thoughts remained consumed by worry over the surgery.
Her mind spun with fears she couldnt silence, leaving her feeling utterly overwhelmed.
Distracted, she barely noticed her surroundings.
Lost in thought, she unconsciously stepped forward as they crossed the street.
###chapter2297
Suddenly, a car sped toward her, the driver frantically honking to warn her of the danger.
But Stella, drowning in her own concerns, didnt even hear the blaring horn.
At the last second, Matthew reacted.
With lightning speed, he reached out and pulled Stella into his arms, shielding her from harm.
For a moment, everything stilled.
Wrapped in Matthews familiar embrace, a sense of calm washed over Stella.
It was as though she had found sanctuary amidst the chaos of her mind, allowing her to regain clarity.
Feeling a wave of guilt, she lowered her head and murmured, Im sorry.
I wasnt paying attention.
Matthew gently released Stella, his chest tightening at the sight of her dazed expression. Unable to stop himself, he offered a reassuring smile and softly said, You dont have to worry.
Cordell is probably just overreacting.
This surgery is nothing-barely a blip for me.
Besides, theres so much I still need to do.
I promise you, Ill live a long and healthy life.
Stella raised her head.
Her eyes were clouded with uncertainty as she watched Matthew, unsure if his words were meant to comfort her.
She noticed that Matthews demeanor had softened and he didnt look as distant as he looked at first.
She couldnt help but ponder, if Matthew recovered his memories, would it naturally resolve the blood clot, potentially making surgery unnecessary? A brief gleam of hope appeared in Stellas eyes as she tentatively asked Matthew, The way you spoke just now, did you remember something? However, Matthew simply shook his head.
The negative reply was Like a cold splash of water, rapidly dousing the tiny flame of hope she had.
Stellas spirits plummeted.
Her expressive eyes lost their sparkle as if her entire energy had been sapped.
Matthew noticed Stellas crestfallen expression and opened his mouth like he wanted to offer some words of comfort.
Just then, his phone rang.
He pulled it out and Lindsays name flashed on the screen.
With a slight frown, he took the call.
Stella, who was nearby, overheard the feminine tone on the line and deduced it was Lindsay.
After a short conversation, Matthew ended the call.
He faced Stella and advised, You might want to head back.
I need to handle something.
This only confirmed Stellas suspicions.
A wave of sadness welled up inside her as she silently made her way to the car, settled into the drivers seat, and wrestled with her swirling emotions. On one hand, Stella clung to the hope that if Matthews memory returned, he would not be rushing off every time Lindsay called.
But on the other hand, the stark fifty percent chance of surgery failure pressed heavily on her, a weight she struggled to shoulder.
With these tumultuous thoughts, Stella started the car and drove back to the studio.
Upon her arrival, Doreen quickly followed her into the office, holding a document.
She briefed Stella on the latest developments of the police investigation into the warehouse fire.
Stella, the polices investigation result is the same as Mr.
Clarks account.
Theres no surveillance around the warehouse, so no suspects have been identified yet.
Stella gave a small nod, looking tired.
Doreen hesitated, and then mentioned another troubling event.
Stella, regarding the chandelier incident at the launch event… 
###chapter2298
Hearing this, Stella perked up and looked at Doreen, signaling for her to go on.
Doreen continued, I had it inspected.
It turns out the chandelier was intentionally tampered with.
But with everything that happened at the event and the large crowd, we still havent been able to identify the culprit.
Stella sank into deep thought.
She understood that the person responsible would have covered their tracks meticulously.
However, she recognized that Doreen, unlike Fernando, lacked the same level of investigative skills.
After reflecting for a moment, Stella said, Dont stress over this right now.
Prioritize managing the orders from the launch event and ensure theyre all fulfilled promptly and correctly.
Ill assign someone else to look into the investigation.
Doreen agreed immediately.
Alright, Stella. She then noticed that Stella appeared unwell and asked with a worried look, Stella, are you feeling ill, or are you just worn out? Stella forced a faint smile and replied, I didnt sleep well, thats all.
Dont worry about me.
Youve got things to do-go ahead.
She waved off the concern with a light tone.
Doreen still looked uneasy but nodded.
Alright, but take care of yourself, Stella, she said before Leaving.
Once alone, Stella sat at her desk, staring blankly at the scattered papers.
Minutes later, she picked up her phone and dialed Bennett.
When the call connected, she said, Bennett, I need a favor.
Can you arrange for someone reliable? I need something looked into.
Bennett didnt miss a beat.
Of course.
Whats the matter? What do you need to be investigated? Then, as if remembering, he added, By the way, hows Matthew doing with his memory loss? Any progress? Stella paused, her grip tightening on the phone.
She didnt want to delve into that.
No changes yet, she replied briskly.
Ive been so swamped with the launch event that I havent had time to check on Grandpa and Grandma.
How are they holding up? In truth, Stella had considered asking Bennett to recommend a specialist for Matthews treatment.
But the more people involved, the more complicated it became.
For now, she trusted Cordells expertise and felt it was better to keep things discreet.
Picking up on her reluctance to discuss Matthew, Bennett didnt press further.
Theyre doing fine, he said.
And dont hesitate to reach out if you need anything else.
After knowing what Stella wanted to be investigated, Bennett ended the call and leaned back in his chair.
Across from him, Sanford looked up and asked casually, Was that Stella? Bennett, who had no reason to withhold information from Sanford, nodded. Yes, she wants me to arrange someone to help investigate something.
As Bennett considered who to assign to the task, he felt the weight of responsibility.
It was the first time Stella had turned to him for help, and he wanted to ensure everything was handled perfectly.
Sanfords eyes lit up with an idea.
Send Dexter, he suggested.
Hes been with you for years.
Hes cautious, efficient, and knows how to get the job done.
Bennett nodded in agreement with Sanfords suggestion and wasted no time contacting Dexter Moreno.
He instructed him to assist Stella with the investigation.
Meanwhile, Stella leaned back in her chair, her thoughts swirling like a never-ending film reel.
The chaotic events of recent days played over and over in her mind the unexpected incidents at the launch event, Matthews amnesia and his looming surgery, and the investigation into the warehouse fire.
###chapter2299
Everything felt like an insurmountable weight pressing on her chest.
Her exhaustion caught up with her, and before she realized it, she had drifted off to sleep.
A knock at the door startled her awake sometime around noon.
She sat up abruptly, her stiff body protesting the sudden movement.
Her mind felt foggy as she tried to reorient herself.
Stella, are you in there? came Doreens gentle voice from outside.
Quickly smoothing her hair and straightening her clothes, Stella called out, Come in.
She felt the heavy weight of fatigue lingering as though her energy had been drained completely.
Lately, it seemed she could fall asleep anywhere, at any time.
Doreen entered and immediately noticed Stellas pale face and tired eyes.
Stella, you look absolutely worn out, she said, her tone filled with concern.
Maybe you should go home and rest for a bit? Stella shook her head firmly.
I cant.
Theres too much going on right now. I dont have the time.
She took a steadying breath.
Whats going on? Did you need something? Theres a young man outside asking to see you, Doreen replied.
Stellas brows furrowed.
Her first thought was Sanford, but she quickly dismissed the ideaDoreen knew Sanford, so she wouldnt have been so vague.
Before Stella could ask more, Doreen added, He said Mr.
Lowell sent him.
Stella suddenly recalled that she had asked Bennett to help her investigate the recent incidents.
Turning to Doreen, she said, Let him in.
Doreen gave a quick nod and stepped out of the room.
Moments later, she returned, escorting a tall, young man.
Once he was inside, Doreen excused herself with a tactful bow, leaving them alone.
The man approached Stella with an air of politeness.
Good afternoon.
My name is Dexter Moreno.
Im 26 years old and a graduate from Stella held up a hand, cutting him off with a faint smile.
Alright, alright, no need for a full biography.
Without further ado, she handed him a folder that Doreen had prepared earlier.
These documents contain details about the chandelier incident at the launch event and the warehouse fire.
I need you to review them thoroughly.
Focus particularly on the warehouse fire and see if you can uncover any Leads.
Dexter accepted the folder with a confident smile.
Understood.
Ill get to the bottom of it as quickly as I can.
With that, he gave a respectful nod and departed.
To Stellas surprise, Dexter proved to be astonishingly efficient.
By the time she wrapped up her work that evening, he had already completed most of his investigation.
He returned to her office, carrying a report in hand. Mrs.
Clark, he began, his tone serious, Ive found a lead on the chandelier incident.
The chandelier was installed by a temporary worker.
However, when I tracked him down.
I discovered he had already died in his rented apartment.
His neighbor noticed something suspicious and alerted the authorities.
The initial police assessment suggests suicide.
Stellas breath caught for a moment as the news sank in.
But she quickly steadied herself, her expression darkening.
Thats far too convenient to be a coincidence.
Somethings definitely off here.
Dexter continued, his tone steady, I dug deeper and discovered that this individual had connections to a man named Yosef, a known gangster.
Yosef is closely linked to someone called Robin.
###chapter2300
Stellas eyes narrowed as a realization struck her.
Is Robin.
Robin Wheeler? Dexter gave a firm nod.
Yes, its Robin Wheeler.
Stella hadnt anticipated that this matter would entangle the Wheeler family.
Her thoughts grew heavy as she considered the implications, wondering if Lindsay was involved or if this was solely Robins doing.
Snapping out of her contemplation, she addressed Dexter with resolve.
Keep investigating.
We need concrete evidence. If the evidence is strong enough, ensure they face justice.
We cant let them walk away from this.
Dexter gave a brisk nod.
Understood.
He hesitated for a moment before adding, However, the investigation into the warehouse fire hasnt yielded much progress yet.
Ill need more time to dig deeper.
Stellas frown deepened, her expression clouded with concern.
Frustration laced her voice as she said, I didnt think the warehouse fire would be such a tough nut to crack.
Could it have been orchestrated by someone else? Who else might I have offended recently? Unable to piece the puzzle together, she sighed and instructed Dexter, Keep investigating and inform me immediately if you uncover anything new.
Dexter gave a sharp nod of agreement and prepared to leave.
As the workday came to a close, Stella decided to leave as well.
As they walked together, she shared details of her conflicts with Robin, hoping the additional context might aid Dexter in his investigation.
At the studio entrance, Fernando was already waiting in the drivers seat.
He stiffened at the sight of Stella, deep in conversation with a young man.
Concern flickered across his face as he instinctively glanced into the rearview mirror at Matthew, who was seated in the back.
Fernandos eyes sought to gauge Matthews reaction.
As expected, Matthews face was grim, his eyes clearly showing displeasure.
Fernando wanted to speak up and explain things on Stellas behalf, but Matthew cut him off with a cold command, Drive.
Left with no choice, Fernando fell silent, started the car, and drove away.
Meanwhile, after finishing her discussion with Dexter, Stella was about to ask if he needed a ride home when a sleek, high-end car suddenly sped by. The car moved so quickly that she barely caught a glimpse of it.
For a fleeting moment, she wondered if it might belong to the Clark family, but she quickly dismissed the idea.
Her reasoning was simple-while her relationship with Matthew had improved recently, it hadnt reached the point where they were inseparable.
Unless something urgent had come up, he wouldnt go out of his way to come to her studio at this time.
Shrugging off the thought, she turned back to Dexter and asked, How are you getting back? Dexter replied politely, Mr.
Lowell arranged a car for me.
Then, after a brief pause, he offered, Would you like a ride? Stella declined with a smile.
No need.
You go ahead, and take care on the road.
###chapter2301
Just then, her phone rang.
Glancing at the screen, she saw it was Miley calling.
She bid Dexter farewell and answered the call.
Meanwhile, after getting into his car, Dexter dialed a number and whispered into the phone, Mr.
Quimby, everything went smoothly.
She didnt suspect a thing.
Later that day, Stella and Miley sat across from each other in a cozy restaurant.
Miley had learned about Matthews condition from Neville, and her heart ached for Stella.
She knew how much stress Stella had been under and was genuinely concerned.
That was why she had invited her out for a meal-hoping to provide some comfort and support.
As soon as they placed their orders, Miley couldnt contain her curiosity any longer.
She leaned forward, her eyes filled with concern, and asked softly, Stella, I heard from Neville about Matthew.
How is he doing? Neville is really anxious and is even searching for specialists who might be able to help.
Stella felt a rush of gratitude at Mileys genuine care, her eyes glistening with unshed tears.
She took a deep breath and said, Thank you, Miley. And please thank Neville, too.
It means so much to know you both care about us.
Matthew.
his condition is complicated.
Cordell found a blood clot in his brain thats pressing on his nerves, which caused the memory loss.
He says Matthew needs surgery, but.
its risky.
Hearing this, Mileys expression softened with sympathy.
She reached out and lightly scolded, her tone filled with affection, You silly girl, why are you carrying all of this on your own? Of course, I hope Matthew regains his memory soon, but look at yourself! Youve been so worried about him that youre losing weight.
It breaks my heart to see you like this.
Hearing Mileys heartfelt words, Stella felt even more moved.
Her eyes misted over once again, but she quickly blinked back her tears.
With a soft smile, she said, Im fine, Miley.
As long as he gets better, Ill do whatever it takes.
At that moment, the waiter arrived, placing their dishes on the table.
Miley seized the opportunity to shift the conversation to something lighter.
She flashed a warm smile and said, Lets not dwell on those worries for now.
Try this dish-its absolutely delicious.
This restaurant just opened recently.
Neville and I came here on opening day, and after trying the food, I immediately thought of you.
I knew I had to bring you here to taste it.
The enticing aroma of the food quickly captured Stellas attention, providing a welcome distraction from her troubles.
She picked up a piece with her fork, tasted it, and her lips curled into a genuine smile.
Its really good, she admitted.
Then, as if recalling something, her eyes sparkled with a playful glint.
She turned to Miley and began talking about her and Neville.
Stella leaned in, her voice tinged with curiosity.
Miley, when are you and Neville making it official? Ever since Bertha nodded her approval, it seems like you two have been in your own Little blissful bubble.
Miley let out a heavy sigh, and her smile slipped away like a shadow at dusk.
Noticing the sudden shift, Stella pressed further.
Whats the snag? Is Neville getting cold feet? She remembered his previous aversion to settling down, which stirred a flicker of concern in her. Miley shook her head, her expression one of weary resignation.
Its not Neville dragging his feet; its his mother whos the fly in the ointment.
Every time Bertha brings up the wedding, Nevilles mom kicks up a storm.
Just last week, she nearly pushed Bertha to the brink, hospital-bound.
Can you believe that? Stellas brow furrowed, her tone sharpening with indignation.
Are you planning to just stand by and let her wreak havoc? If this keeps up, youll never walk down the aisle! Miley offered a rueful smile.
Were taking it step by step.
Neville and I have been through tougher times, and weve come out stronger.
To us, a wedding is just a ceremony; our commitment doesnt hinge on it.
Besides, a ring on the finger doesnt spell eternal bliss.
Realizing her words might have stung Stella, Miley glanced her way, spotting a veil of sadness across her friends features.
With a gentle reassurance, Miley added, Stella, dont lose sleep over Neville and me.
Weve got this under control.
And when we do decide to get married, youll be the first to know-just make sure your gift matches the occasion! Stella mustered a smile, though it didnt quite reach her eyes.
I wouldnt dream of coming empty-handed.
###chapter2302
Miley, deeply troubled by Stellas recent ordeals, broached the subject of Lindsay.
She had discerned that much of the friction between Matthew and Stella could be traced back to Lindsays meddling.
With a furrowed brow, she ventured, Stella, what exactly is happening with Lindsay? I was thankful when she rescued Matthew, but her actions since then reveal deeper schemes.
It seems shes using her heroic act! as a chess piece, manipulating us all and souring the air with discomfort.
A shadow crossed Stellas face as she revisited the harrowing chandelier incident in her mind.
Desiring to shield Miley from further worry, she offered a placating response.
Oh, her? Matthew has taken care to arrange a doctor for her injured legs.
Were expecting him in Seamarsh any day now.
Miley, her indignation barely contained, pressed on.
Does she really think her sly maneuvers escape our notice? Initially, I was convinced of her sincerity, but its clear now-it was all a performance. Shes merely fanning the flames between you and Matthew.
Its downright disgraceful.
Stella remained silent, her thoughts a jigsaw of suspicions now aligning.
She had long questioned Lindsays daring rescue under the crumbling chandelier, but the emerging clarity shed light on the underlying motives.
Lindsay had mastered the art of the masquerade: adopting the guise of generosity to gain everyones favor, and then exploiting it to weave her personal agendas into the fabric of their lives, all while maintaining an aura of innocence and benevolence.
After concluding their meal, Stella and Miley stood up, their spirits lifted slightly by the repast.
As they prepared to exit the restaurant, an unsuspecting figure darted from a corner and stumbled squarely into Stella.
They bumped into each other, quickly stepping back and apologizing in unison.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Stella looked up, and after a closer look, she realized it was Emery.
A flicker of surprise crossed her face.
Emery, equally startled, hadnt expected to run into Stella here.
Ever since Kristians incident, Emery had been on edge.
She worried her fathers troubles might spill over to her, while constantly fearing something terrible might happen to him.
But time had passed, and her position at the company remained unchanged.
Her father was fine.
Surprisingly, it was Matthew who ended up in trouble while conducting business abroad in Sothrea.
Nearby, Miley watched them curiously.
She turned to Stella and asked, Stella, do you know her? Stella nodded and offered a brief explanation. She works at Matthews company.
There was a project I had trouble with before, and Emery helped me out.
But were not that close.
As Stella finished speaking, she and Emery exchanged another glance.
Confirming that they were both fine, they prepared to part ways.
Just as Stella turned to leave, Emery called out, her polite smile unwavering.
Mrs.
Clark, could I have a word with you? Sensing the moment, Miley smiled and said, Ill wait for you at the entrance, Stella.
With that, she headed toward the restaurant door.
###chapter2303
Once Miley had walked away, Stella turned back to Emery, her brows knitting in curiosity.
Emery, whats this about? Without answering immediately, Emery reached into her bag and pulled out a voice recorder, handing it to Stella.
This is for you.
Ive been meaning to give it to you, but you havent been to Prosperity Group recently, and I wasnt sure if it was already too late.
Stella accepted the recorder, her confusion deepening.
What is this? Emerys gaze held a touch of mystery as she leaned in slightly and asked, her voice low, Have you never wondered why the chandelier suddenly fell during the launch event? Stella froze, her breath catching as her wide eyes locked onto Emery, disbelief etched across her face.
Emery simply nodded, a faint, enigmatic smile gracing her lips.
Theres no need to thank me.
I overheard something that day, purely by chance.
I always carry a recorder with me, so I thought..
why not help? Inside, youll find the answers youre looking for. Her words were deliberately cryptic, as though she were handing over a puzzle for Stella.
Stellas mind raced.
Her earlier conversation with Miley had already given her an idea of what might be going on, and the results of Dexters investigation had brought her closer to uncovering the truth.
Stella hadnt expected Emery, someone she wasnt particularly close with, to lend her a helping hand in this way.
Gratefully, she put the recorder in her pocket and said with a warm smile, Then Ill design a dress for you as a thank-you gift someday.
Emery quickly waved her hand and declined.
No need, Mrs.
Clark.
Just remember this favor-I might ask for something in the future when I need it.
Noticing a flicker of discomfort on Stellas face, Emery softened her tone.
Dont worry.
I wont make things difficult for you, and Im not looking for a promotion or a raise at Prosperity Group.
Relieved, Stella smiled and nodded.
Alright then.
As long as your request isnt too much, Ill do my best to help.
Emery returned the smile, turned on her heel, and began to walk away.
But after a few steps, she paused and glanced back over her shoulder.
Her expression grew serious as she said, Keep an eye on Lindsay.
Shes been making some moves at Prosperity Group recently.
Stellas gratitude deepened, and she thanked Emery sincerely.
As Stella approached Miley, her mind churned with thoughts of Matthew.
She couldnt help but wonder if the man who once despised the toxic atmosphere at the company was now turning a blind eye, all because Lindsay had saved him. Reflecting on Matthews behavior since his return, Stella found it entirely plausible.
His newfound tolerance toward Lindsay spoke volumes, and the realization weighed heavily on Stellas chest, a discomfort she couldnt shake.
When Stella exited the restaurant, Miley immediately noticed her distressed demeanor.
With curiosity etched across her face, Miley approached and asked, Stella, what did Emery say to you? You look like something major just happened.
The sound of Mileys voice jolted Stella back to reality.
Forcing a smile, she replied, Oh, its nothing much.
We just talked about work.
You know, Ive been handling a collaboration with Prosperity Group, and there are still a few loose ends to tie up.
Miley frowned, sympathy flickering in her eyes.
Youre working way too hard, Stella.
Balancing so much at work and dealing with personal matters-how can your body keep up with all this? 
###chapter2304
Stella shook her head and smiled softly, trying to appear unfazed.
Im used to it, really.
Dont worry about me.
You should head home early too, so Neville doesnt end up worried sick.
Miley feigned indifference, tossing a lighthearted, Humph, as if hed care about me.
Yet her actions betrayed her words-she was already heading toward the parking lot, a sweet smile Lingering on her face.
Stella watched Miley walk away, a quiet smile tugging at her lips.
Yet in that moment, her thoughts drifted to Matthew.
She missed him terribly.
If only Matthew hadnt lost his memory. No matter how busy he had been, he would have always found a way to make time for her.
Gazing at the bustling crowd on the street and the silent screen of her phone, Stella felt a wave of sadness wash over her.
How she longed for a message from him at this very moment.
Meanwhile, in a dimly lit bar, Neville and Cordell arrived in haste and entered a private room, their eyes immediately falling on the table cluttered with six empty bottles.
Matthew sat slumped in his chair, a glass in hand, his despondent expression a stark contrast to the lively hum of the bar.
He drank as though trying to drown the weight of his troubles, while Fernando stood beside him, looking utterly helpless.
Fernando had called Neville and Cordell for help, and they had arrived as quickly as they could.
Glancing at each other, they were both perplexed by Matthews behavior.
Why was he drinking himself into oblivion? Matthew swirled the empty glass in his hand, his tone flat as he said to Fernando, Open another bottle.
Fernando hesitated, visibly uneasy, unsure of what to do.
Cordell stepped forward, snatching the glass from Matthews hand.
Are you trying to kill yourself? Do you even know what youre doing? Matthews gaze, slightly unfocused, shifted to Cordell.
His words slurred, but the defiance was clear.
Why are you here? I know what Im doing.
Its just a drink-it wont hurt.
He waved at Fernando again, repeating the order.
Go get the wine.
Neville stepped in, shooting Fernando a knowing look.
You can leave now.
Relieved, Fernando nodded and quickly left the private room. Matthews expression darkened as he reached for the wine again, only to have Cordell block him.
Matthew, Cordell said sharply, you had a check-up today, and now youre drinking like this? Are you seriously testing your luck? Dont play games with your health.
Neville tried to reassure Matthew, his voice gentle yet firm, This isnt the end of the world.
Drinking your troubles away wont patch things up.
Ive already made arrangements to search for the top specialist in this field.
Well have you back to your old self before your birthday.
Dont let this storm cloud drown you.
Matthew, however, only shook his head, muttering in a tone that suggested a deeper turmoil, Its not about that.
Both Neville and Cordell were left puzzled, struggling to fathom what had pulled Matthew into this abyss of despair.
Neville, always quick to catch a hint, cautiously asked, Is it something Lindsay did again? 
###chapter2305
Matthews response was faint, almost drowned out by the weight of his words.
Its not her.
Nevilles curiosity nudged him forward.
Is it about Stella? Cordell, watching Matthew closely, furrowed his brow.
He had seen Matthew and Stella together earlier at the hospital, and their departure had seemed perfectly fine.
How could things have spiraled so quickly in just a few short hours? Matthew remained silent.
He picked up his glass of water, took a slow sip, and then sat back, his gaze clouded with a storm of emotions too complex to unravel.
Seeing Matthews silence, Neville pressed on, his voice deliberate.
Stella is still young, beautiful, and capable.
If youre really contemplating divorce, maybe its better to rip off the band-aid sooner rather than later.
Youre not lacking admirers, and if Stella finds herself single again, Im sure therell be no shortage of suitors.
It might even be for the best for both of you.
At these words, Cordells instincts kicked in. He quickly tugged at Nevilles sleeve, whispering urgently, Stop talking.
Youre only adding fuel to the fire.
But Neville, undeterred, continued, Matthew, instead of drowning in your drink, why not face the problem head-on? Didnt you plan on divorcing Stella? Whats holding you back now? Matthews grip on his glass tightened, his knuckles paling under the pressure.
His cold gaze shot a warning so sharp it could freeze the air.
Neville, seemingly unfazed by the ice in Matthews stare, continued, Ive heard Mileys got someone lined up for Stella.
Theyre just waiting for you two to finalize things.
The mans already ready to go.
Matthews face hardened.
His voice cut through the air.
Dont you dare have such plans for Stella.
Neville arched an eyebrow, a teasing smile tugging at the corner of his lips.
Oh? You care so much about Stella.
If thats the case, why are you two at odds? Is married life too boring for you, and youve decided to spice it up with drama? At that moment, Cordell realized Neville was pushing Matthews buttons on purpose.
Yet, he couldnt shake the feeling that Matthews recent behavior toward Stella was unnecessarily harsh.
Perhaps this provocation might help Matthew see things with clearer eyes.
Matthews mind was in turmoil.
He couldnt make sense of his feelings for Stella anymore.
He had once been resolute in his decision to divorce her, but now, even the thought of it left him uneasy-like a fire burning beneath his skin, too hot to ignore, yet too confusing to understand.
Cordell, sensing the deeper struggle, spoke up, his voice soft but earnest.
Stellas always been there for you, especially with your amnesia.
Shes been patient, understanding your pain, and constantly thinking of you.
But you cant keep pushing her away like this.
Even the strongest relationships have their breaking points.
He recalled the scene earlier at the hospital, when Lindsay had suddenly appeared, and his tone grew more serious.
If you dont handle the situation with Lindsay, you might really end up divorcing Stella.
Matthew paused for a moment, his voice barely above a whisper as he finally said, I understand. Neville, however, was unyielding.
If you truly understood, you wouldnt be here sulking over a drink.
If you keep this up, youll push Stella away for good.
Then what? Youll regret it.
Matthews brows furrowed, his expression growing tense.
A flicker of worry clouded his eyes, making his seriousness all the more evident.
Neville had meant to tease, but Matthews sudden shift in demeanor left him startled.
Concerned, he asked, Whats wrong? Has Stella really stopped Liking you? Matthews face darkened further, a shadow crossing his features.
He was all too aware of the people Stella frequently interacted with.
The young man he saw at her studio earlier was unfamiliar, and their casual, animated conversation didnt seem like one between business partners.
What unsettled him the most was Stellas demeanor-so warm and relaxed with the stranger, a side she rarely showed around him.
The thought gnawed at him.
###chapter2306
Neville muttered under his breath, Matthew, you might have a wandering eye, but Stella doesnt.
Shes completely devoted to you.
The comment earned him a sharp glare from Matthew, and he promptly fell silent.
Sensing the tension, Cordell stepped in to diffuse it.
Could this be a misunderstanding? They say seeing is believing, but sometimes we misinterpret what we see.
If theres confusion, its better to talk it out face-to-face instead of overthinking.
Neville quickly chimed in, nodding.
Exactly.
Cordells got a point.
And if youre too proud to ask outright, Ive got an idea.
Grinning mischievously, Neville continued, Why not play tipsy when you get home? Sweet-talk Stella a little. For all you know, theres no conflict at all.
Matthew scoffed at the suggestion, a disdainful smirk tugging at his lips.
Im not doing something that ridiculous.
At Prosper Bay, after Stella returned home, she didnt take a moment to rest.
Instead, she retrieved the recording device Emery had given her and began playing its contents.
The sound quality was faint, accompanied by background noise, but she could still discern the voices of two men.
One of them spoke with a low, conspiratorial tone.
You tamper with that chandelier, and Ill give you a hundred thousand once its done.
Stellas heart skipped a beat.
Shocked by what she heard, she recalled the details Dexter had uncovered.
Piecing the clues together, she suspected one of the voices belonged to Robin, while the other was likely that of the deceased temporary worker.
Just as she began connecting the dots, the sudden chime of the doorbell broke her concentration.
Frowning, Stella rose to answer the door.
The moment it opened, she was met with the sight of Neville, supporting a heavily intoxicated Matthew at the threshold.
The pungent scent of alcohol hit her instantly, making her wrinkle her nose in distaste.
Thinking of Matthews health condition, she couldnt help but mutter, Why did he drink so much? Neville gave a helpless shrug.
Probably something on his mind.
Without another word, he pushed Matthew toward her.
Stella, Im leaving him with you tonight.
Hes not in his right mind, so dont take anything he says too seriously.
If he offends you, just let it go, alright? Before Stella could respond, Neville slipped away, leaving her standing there, half supporting Matthew and fully exasperated.
With great effort, Stella helped Matthew into the house and carefully eased him onto the sofa. Looking at his disheveled state, she sighed, thinking to herself that it must be something about Lindsay that had driven him to drink this much.
Stella spun around and went to the bathroom, her footsteps echoing softly as she fetched a damp towel.
Returning to the dimly lit living room, she knelt by the sofa and gently wiped Matthews face.
Her voice was laced with concern as she murmured, Ive never seen you drown your sorrows like this.
Whats eating at you? Surely, this minor setback isnt worth the havoc its wreaking on your health.
Cant you take better care of yourself? Her focus shifted to his hands, meticulously cleaning them, unaware of the subtle flutter of his eyelids.
Once she was done, Stella planned to let Matthew rest on the plush sofa while she retrieved a cozy blanket to tuck around him.
But the moment she stood up, he caught her wrist and drew her into a tight embrace.
Stella paused, caught off guard, and then realizing the situation, she attempted to pull away, insisting, Youre drunk.
Release me.
I need to stand.
###chapter2307
Yet, Matthew dismissed her efforts, his voice slurred but tender.
Dont go, darling.
Stay here in my arms just a little Longer.
Her heart skipped a beat at his unexpected words.
As he fell silent, seemingly drifting back to sleep, his arms held her in a steadfast embrace.
Close enough to feel his breath, Stella stared into his face, her emotions swirling-a storm of confusion, affection, and concern.
Gradually, her resistance waned, and she settled into the warmth of his hold.
Perhaps it was the strain of the past few days or the comfort of his embrace, but soon, fatigue overtook her, and she succumbed to sleep nestled against him.
Meanwhile, Matthews eyes opened, clear and sober.
He watched over Stella, cradling her with mixed emotions in his eyes.
The next morning, Stella awoke to a startled cry. Erin had arrived, stepping into the living room to find an unexpected scene: Stella and Matthew, intertwined in sleep on the sofa.
Her gasp of surprise punctured the morning stillness.
Lindsay, trailing behind Erin, glimpsed the scene and a spark of jealousy ignited within her.
Stella felt a tinge of embarrassment wash over her.
She had intended to rise once Matthew had drifted off, but unexpectedly, she too had succumbed to sleep through the night.
As she prepared to stand, Stella caught sight of Lindsay and her brow furrowed slightly in disapproval.
Erin, caught in an uncomfortable position, quickly stammered an apology.
Sorry, Mrs.
Clark, Mr.
Clark.
I… I didnt mean to intrude.
When I arrived, Miss Wheeler had just got out of her car, so I invited her in with me.
Stella rose, smoothing her rumpled clothing as Matthew stirred beside her, rubbing his weary eyes.
She addressed Erin calmly.
Erin, please start on your tasks for the day.
Relieved, Erin made a swift exit to the kitchen.
Stella couldnt help but notice Lindsays rigid demeanor, her face contorted as if she had stumbled upon a scandalous affair.
The absurdity of the situation wasnt Lost on Stella.
Matthew, looking visibly annoyed, massaged his temples before addressing Lindsay with evident impatience.
What brings you here so early? Lindsay, taken aback by his blunt inquiry, hastily dabbed at her dry eyes, her voice laced with a contrived distress.
Matthew, didnt you say Dr.
Watts was coming to check on me today? I was so anxious last night; I barely slept.
I couldnt reach you, and you werent at your office, so I felt I had no choice but to come here. Her plea was laden with an attempt to evoke sympathy and alleviate her own anxieties.
Matthew glanced at the clock, his response icy.
Its still early.
Dr.
Watts hasnt arrived yet.
And remember, you shouldnt be running around in your condition.
Didnt we go over this yesterday? Fernando will take you to the hospital when its time.
Lindsay appeared oblivious to Matthews words, her determination unwavering as she propelled her wheelchair forward, insistent on positioning herself in front of him.
Her eyes reddened, and within the blink of an eye, tears tumbled down like scattered pearls, her sobs breaking the silence.
Matthew, what if… what if Dr.
Watts cant heal my legs? What do I do then? Will I be completely useless? How can I go on living… Matthews head throbbed, a storm of irritation brewing within him.
###chapter2308
The ache behind his eyes pulsed with a rising frustration.
He had never been good at offering comfort, and today, his patience was fraying at the edges.
Still, he gritted his teeth and tried to keep his voice steady.
Stop overthinking.
Nothings certain yet.
Dont give up hope on yourself.
But Lindsays sobs only grew louder as she reached out for his hand.
Matthew, already feeling the urge to withdraw, tried to pull his hand back.
But Lindsays grip tightened, her tears flowing more freely.
Im terrified, Matthew.
Youre all I have left.
Please… you have to help me.
Nearby, Stella stood, a quiet spectator to the scene unfolding before her. A strange heaviness pressed against her chest as she watched.
She knew Lindsay wasnt looking for her support, so she held her tongue, staying in the shadows.
After a struggle, Matthew finally freed his hand from Lindsays hold.
His voice grew colder, sharper.
Stop saying such hopeless things.
Ill take you to the hospital later.
But first, I need to change my clothes.
Lindsay opened her mouth, perhaps to protest, but when she caught the hard, unreadable expression on Matthews face, she recoiled slightly, realizing she might have pushed him too far.
Her voice faltered.
Okay.
Matthew stood and turned around.
Then he paused, his gaze briefly flickering toward Stella.
His steps faltered, as if he wanted to speak, but in the end, the silence between them grew thick, and he ascended the stairs, leaving his words behind.
Stella understood-there was nothing more to be said to Lindsay.
The scent of alcohol still lingered in the air and clung to her clothes, making her skin crawl.
She turned, ready to change, but before she could escape the tension in the room, Lindsays voice rang out, sharp as a knife.
Stella, you really have no shame, do you? Resorting to such dirty tricks.
Are you so afraid Matthew will leave you that youd stoop to seducing him while hes drunk? Stella didnt want to dignify Lindsay with an answer, not this early in the day.
Without uttering a word, she turned to leave, seeking escape.
But Lindsay wasnt done.
Her voice rang out once more, thick with malice.
Let me make one thing clear.
Even if my legs cant be healed, Matthew will never leave me.
Hell take me all over the world searching for a cure while youre left clinging to that empty title of Mrs.
Clark.
Whats the point of it? The words were like thorns in Stellas chest, but she could take no more.
She spun around, her eyes locking with Lindsays smug, self-satisfied expression. Her voice, cold as ice, cut through the room like a blade.
The treatment hasnt even started yet.
How can you be so certain your legs wont recover? Lindsays heart stuttered, panic flickering in her chest.
For a heartbeat, she feared Stella had uncovered her deception.
But after a careful, scrutinizing gaze, she saw nothing-no hint of suspicion in Stellas eyes.
Her composure returned, like a snake shedding its skin.
The doctors in Sothrea have already told me my legs are beyond repair.
Isnt it normal to believe that? Stellas laugh was dark, devoid of warmth.
Normal, you say? She closed the distance between them, leaning in just enough to look Lindsay in the eye, her voice a whisper of frost.
But tell me, why does it feel like youve never really cared about your legs? To me, it seems as though Matthew matters far more to you than your legs.
Could it be.
that even before you saved him, you had already given up your Legs, just to keep him tied to you? Just like how you fought off that thug barehanded to retrieve my bag and moved into Prosper Bay.
And remember the chandelier at the Launch event? You risked your life to push me out of the way.
Was it all part of your plan-to make us feel indebted to you, to manipulate us into achieving your own hidden agenda? 
###chapter2309
Stellas words struck a nerve, and Lindsay was momentarily stunned, her heart racing uncontrollably.
Reacting without thought, she shoved Stella aside, her gaze darting away as she muttered, I have no idea what youre talking about.
A brief flash of fear crossed Lindsays face, but she quickly masked it with defiance, her voice rising.
Ive done nothing wrong! Youre the one who destroyed everything.
Matthew and I were perfectly fine until you interfered.
Youre the intruder who shattered our Lives! Stella chuckled coolly and retorted, When I married Matthew, there was no mention of an ex.
Tell me, how does that make me the interloper? And lets not forget-before his memory loss, Matthew was indifferent to you.
You know it too well.
If he recalls everything and discovers what youve been doing, what do you think will happen? Lindsays hands trembled before clenching tightly, her knuckles whitening as her nails dug into her palms.
Through gritted teeth, she declared, Even if Matthew regains his memory, he wont turn his back on me.
I sacrificed my ability to walk for him-hell never abandon me.
Stella regarded her with a faint, knowing smirk and said casually, Thats your story.
Lets see if it holds. Lindsays breathing grew uneven, and she suddenly gripped her chest, her complexion paling rapidly.
Stella blinked, startled by Lindsays visible distress.
She hadnt expected her remarks to cut this deep.
Before she could react further, a firm hand yanked her back.
Matthew rushed to Lindsays side, his voice filled with concern.
Are you alright? Whats happening? Tears brimmed in Lindsays eyes as she weakly shook her head.
Im fine, Matthew, really fine.
Her gaze shifted toward Stella, though, silently blaming her as the cause.
Turning toward Stella, Matthews tone was icy.
What did you say to her? You know the doctor warned against anything that could upset her.
Dont you care? Stella met his glare with a calm expression.
I didnt do anything to her.
Shes overreacting.
Lindsay quickly reached for Matthews arm, speaking hurriedly.
Dont be angry with Stella, please.
This was just sudden-its not her fault.
At that moment, Fernando arrived and felt quite overwhelmed as he took in the tense scene.
He braced himself and stepped forward.
Seeing him, Matthew barked an order.
Fernando, take Lindsay to the car.
Were heading to the hospital now.
Without hesitation, Fernando nodded.
Yes, Mr.
Clark.
Matthew started to follow Fernando but halted near Stella, his voice tinged with irritation.
Stella, cant you just stop stirring things up? Youre always at the center of these problems. As they walked away, Stella stood motionless, bitterness welling up as it struck her that Matthew once more blamed her for instigating conflict with Lindsay.
Her lips curled into a faint, self-deprecating smirk.
From the kitchen, Erin noticed the quiet return and cautiously peeked out.
Spotting only Stella, she asked tentatively, Would you like something to eat? Stella responded faintly, Ill freshen up first.
With that, she headed upstairs.
At breakfast, Stella barely touched her food, pushing it aside after a few bites and heading directly to the studio.
Not long after she arrived, Dexter entered to give her an update.
Dexter said, Mrs.
Clark, our investigation has confirmed that the deceased was Hiram Duffy.
He has a younger brother and a seriously ill mother back in his hometown.
A week after the chandelier incident, a large sum of money was deposited into his brothers account.
Additionally, someone mentioned that before his death, Hiram kept boasting about striking it rich.
He even claimed that once he closed the big deal, hed introduce them to Robin.
###chapter2310
After finishing, Dexter looked directly at Stella and asked, How do you plan to handle this matter? Stella pondered for a moment before handing over the voice recorder Emery had given her.
Take this, along with the evidence youve collected, to the police.
Let them handle it according to protocol.
Dexter accepted the recorder and nodded.
Understood.
With that, he left.
Stella sank into her chair, rubbing her temples, her thoughts spiraling.
If Lindsay was behind this, Stella had to admit the womans cunning.
Involving Robin proved just how calculating she could be. Her musings were interrupted by a knock on the door.
Doreen stepped in.
Assuming it was work-related, Stella asked, Whats the matter? Is there an issue with the orders? Doreen smiled warmly.
No, everything is running smoothly.
Then, with a playful glint in her eye, she added, By the way, Stella, I just saw an incredibly handsome man leaving the studio.
Who is he Stella glanced at Doreens eager expression, already suspecting where this was headed.
However, she wasnt in the mood for teasing.
Hes someone Bennett sent to assist with the investigation, she replied flatly.
A spark of excitement lit up Doreens eyes.
Tentatively, she asked, So..
do you think I could get to know him? Stella typically avoided meddling in her employees personal Lives.
However, she had a soft spot for Doreen and genuinely wished her happiness.
After a brief pause, Stella responded thoughtfully, I dont know Dexter very well, but from what Ive seen, he seems capable and responsible.
If youre interested, feel free to give it a try-just make sure it doesnt affect your work.
Doreens face lit up, radiant with joy, like a child receiving a long-awaited gift.
Dont worry, Stella! I promise it wont interfere with my job.
Thank you! she exclaimed, practically skipping out of the room, her excitement contagious.
Stella watched her leave, a faint smile tugging at her lips.
But as soon as the door closed, her thoughts began to wander.
Her mind drifted to her relationship with Matthew. Their story had felt unconventional-skipping over the usual stages of relationship and diving straight into marriage.
Everything had unfolded so effortlessly, so naturally, without the typical buildup.
Perhaps that was why, after the accident and his amnesia, Matthew had forgotten about their relationship so easily.
Taking a deep breath, Stella steeled herself, determined to refocus on the work at hand.
As Stella picked up a document, her thoughts slipped back to Lindsays behavior that morning.
Lindsay hadnt appeared to be faking it.
If she was, it seemed improbable that even the doctors would be complicit in her charade.
Stella paused, debating whether she should visit Lindsay at the hospital to put her doubts to rest.
Her deliberation was interrupted by the sound of her phone ringing.
###chapter2311
Glancing at the screen, she saw it was Lucia.
As she answered the call, Lucias soft, familiar voice filled her ears.
Stella, Waldo is being discharged today.
If youre free, could you and Matthew come pick us up? Stella understood that Lucia had always been thoughtful about not intruding on her and Matthews private life as a couple.
However, now that Lucia had taken the initiative to call, it was evident she wanted to create more opportunities for them to spend time together.
Recalling Matthews cold and dissatisfied demeanor that morning, Stella hesitated before responding, Lucia, Matthew is very busy today.
Ill go pick up Waldo myself.
When Lucia heard that Matthew couldnt make it, she immediately replied, If youre both busy, just focus on your work.
Theres no need to come over.
If youre free tonight, come back to our house for dinner.
From Lucias tone, Stella could tell she was probably unaware that Lindsay had a medical check-up scheduled at the hospital that day.
After a moment of thought, Stella said, Lucia, a foreign doctor is visiting Seamarsh today to examine Lindsay.
If the timing works out, well come by tonight. Then I want to go see how Lindsays check-up goes, Lucia said, sounding a bit concerned.
Stella quickly intervened, advising, Lucia, your health hasnt been great lately, and youve been busy taking care of Waldo.
You should go back home and rest.
Matthew and I can handle everything here.
Ill let you know as soon as we have the results.
After Stellas gentle persuasion, Lucia finally relented.
Alright then, thank you for your hard work, she said before hanging up the phone.
Stella put down her phone and paced back and forth in the office.
After thinking it over, she decided to head to the hospital.
At the hospital… Lindsay had managed to calm herself on the way there.
Looking at Matthew with soft, apologetic eyes, she murmured, Matthew, please dont be upset.
Stella didnt say anything harsh to me.
I was just being overly sensitive and ended up worrying you both.
Matthews expression darkened as he frowned slightly.
You shouldnt have gone to Prosper Bay on your own today.
Lindsay froze, startled by his sharp tone.
A flicker of hurt crossed her face, but she quickly masked it.
Its my fault, she said quietly.
I was so anxious last night that I couldnt sleep.
I thought seeing you might help calm me down, so I acted impulsively.
Matthew, I promise I wont do it again.
Ill stay away from Prosper Bay, and Ill avoid Stella too.
I dont want to make things harder for you anymore.
Matthew listened to her, realizing she had completely misunderstood his intentions.
He wanted to clarify, but the real reason for his concern wasnt something he could explain.
His silence lingered, and to Lindsay, it felt like a quiet confirmation of her words.
Her chest tightened as irritation bubbled up inside her.
She recalled seeing Matthew and Stella in an intimate embrace that morning. The image gnawed at her, fueling a jealousy she couldnt suppress.
Gathering her courage, she asked tentatively, her voice tinged with vulnerability, Matthew.
have you regained your memory? Matthew replied calmly, No.
Lindsay secretly breathed a sigh of relief.
She wanted to ask about the events of last nmight-why Stella and Matthew seemed so close.
The image of their embrace lingered in her mind, a thorn that pricked at her heart with every thought.
But she knew Matthew wouldnt provide the answers she sought.
Worse, he might even resent her for prying.
So, she swallowed her questions, burying them deep.
A knock on the door interrupted her thoughts.
Fernando stepped in respectfully and said, Mr.
Clark, Dr.
Watts has arrived and is waiting in the consultation room.
###chapter2312
Matthew gave a small nod before rising from his seat.
Fernando quickly moved to Lindsays wheelchair, positioning himself behind it.
Together, they made their way toward the consultation room in silence.
As they headed toward the consultation room, Lindsay was on edge.
Every passing second felt like an eternity, filled with the gnawing unease of what was at stake.
This moment could determine whether her leg injury would remain her greatest weapon to draw Matthews sympathy .
Yet, she found some solace in recalling the assurance she had received from that mysterious man-someone who had promised that everything was perfectly arranged, that nothing could go wrong.
With those words echoing in her mind, she tried to calm her jittery nerves.
However, her fingers tightened around the wheelchairs armrest, betraying her unease.
As they entered the consultation room, Lindsays gaze settled on the elderly man sitting before them.
The mans gray hair hinted at the wisdom of his years.
His nose was sharp, his eyes deep-set with an almost palpable sense of knowing, as though theyd witnessed centuries of stories unfold.
The wrinkles at the corners of his eyes marked time, but his gaze still carried the sharpness of someone unbothered by age.
Despite the gray strands of his hair, which he had neatly groomed, his crisp suit commanded authority and professionalism, wrapping him in an air of reverence.
Lindsays anxiety tightened in her chest as she observed him. She still couldnt shake the feeling of uncertainty about what was to come.
Matthew stepped forward, extending a polite greeting.
Dr.
Watts, its a pleasure.
This is Lindsay Wheeler, the one I mentioned to you.
Her leg injury is rather complex, and I hope you can provide some insight.
Ronan gave a small nod, his voice calm yet decisive.
Alright.
You two can step outside for now.
I need to examine the young Lady.
Matthew and Fernando left the room, the door closing softly behind them.
Lindsays heart raced, but before she could give voice to her worry, Ronans smile broke through her tension.
Miss, no need to be so anxious.
Just relax.
Mr.
Charles has already briefed me on everything.
Ill handle it from here.
He pulled out a prepared medical record, the name Lindsay Wheeler clearly visible, along with what appeared to be a set of professional diagnostic notes.
A wave of relief washed over Lindsay, and she allowed herself to settle, realizing that Mr.
Charles might be the mysterious man who had orchestrated every detail of this since the beginning.
Although she couldnt discern his exact motives, she found comfort in the thought that as long as she could win over Matthew, the rest would fall into place.
In the hallway, Fernando kept a watchful eye on Matthew, who remained silent.
He couldnt help but feel a sense of unease, unsure of how to proceed.
After a moments thought, Fernando decided to update Matthew on the ongoing investigation into the fire at Stellas warehouse.
Mr.
Clark, were still looking into the fire at Stellas warehouse.
The location is remote, with no nearby surveillance, but we did spot an unlicensed vehicle near the main road.
We tracked it for a while before it vanished completely.
I apologize for not handling this more efficiently.
Matthew waved his hand dismissively, his voice cool and detached. Theres no need to continue investigating.
He knew full well that the other party was Likely already prepared, leaving behind only the clues they wanted exposed.
Pursuing the investigation any further would only lead them down a path they had already planned, yielding nothing of value Fernando was taken aback, his brows furrowing in confusion.
Mr.
Clark, do you think this could be the Charles familys doing? They might be deliberately shifting the focus onto Stella.
Lately, they have been trying to snatch our Prosperity Group projects.
Matthews lips tightened, deep in thought over Fernandos words.
Fernando pressed on, his voice hesitant.
If it is the Charles family behind this, should we assign someone to protect Stella? Before Matthew could respond, a sudden noise erupted from the consultation room.
He turned to Fernando, holding up a hand.
Lets not jump to conclusions just yet.
No sooner had the words left his lips than the door to the consultation room swung open.
Lindsay emerged, her eyes swollen and red, a clear sign that she had been deeply affected.
The distress was written plainly across her face.
She slowly wheeled herself out, as if every movement was a struggle.
###chapter2313
Matthew quickly approached Lindsay, and upon spotting him, she enveloped him in a tight embrace.
Tears streaming down her face, she cried out, Matthew, its hopeless.
The doctors verdict on my Legs… Just as she spoke, Stella emerged from the elevator, catching a poignant scene: Matthew tenderly consoling Lindsay with a gentle touch on her shoulder.
Frozen in her tracks, Stellas heart lurched, anchoring her to the floor, unable to move forward or retreat.
Fernando noticed Stellas sudden appearance.
A grim realization washed over him-there was no simple explanation for this moment.
Compelled by the gravity of the situation yet wishing to flee, Stella initially thought to turn back, to escape the sorrow before her.
However, as Matthews gaze met hers, time seemed to stand still, locking her in place.
After a heartbeats pause, she approached with a composed facade, stating, I came to check on Lindsays test results.
Lindsays grip on Matthew tightened as she heard Stellas approach, her arms constricting around him with a desperate intensity.
Gently but firmly, Matthew eased Lindsays arms from around his waist.
A tumult of reluctance surged through Lindsay, her act barely concealing the sobs she choked back.
She managed to utter, Dr. Watts says its futile.
My legs… Ill never walk again.
I feel utterly powerless.
Stellas emotions swirled chaotically upon hearing this declaration.
She took in Lindsays shattered demeanor, a storm of empathy and distress brewing within her.
Matthews expression darkened with concern as he clasped Lindsays trembling hands.
Lindsay, please, settle down.
Dont lose heart.
Were not at the end of our rope yet.
He soothed her, his voice a blend of resolve and reassurance.
Lindsays voice cracked under the weight of her despair.
My life is in ruins.
Whats the point of going on Like this? Im nothing but a burden now.
Maybe it would be better if I just… disappeared.
Despair flickered in her eyes; her hair tousled, casting a shadow over her forlorn and wretched appearance.
Matthews features twisted in pain as he listened to her despair.
He reached out, his tone firm yet tender.
No, Lindsay, dont think such thoughts.
Even if a cure for your legs seems out of reach, remember, Im here for you.
Always.
From the sidelines, Stellas heart felt like it was being compressed under a leaden weight, making her chest tight with discomfort.
Powerless-that was how Stella felt, especially knowing that Lindsay had been crippled while saving Matthew.
Her words stuck in her throat, unspoken.
Gradually, under Matthews soothing litany, Lindsays turmoil began to ebb.
She looked up at him, her eyes glistening with nascent hope.
Matthew, could you… would you really stay by my side forever? Silence enveloped Matthew as he grappled internally with his feelings torn between his duty to Lindsay and the tangled web of his marital life. The pause was enough for Lindsay to sense his hesitation.
A glimmer of disappointment washed over her face, and she averted her gaze, her voice breaking as she surrendered to her bleak outlook.
Forget it, Matthew.
Youve got your own life, and youll have children in the future.
Me? Im just an anchor, dragging you down.
Maybe its better to end things while I still have some dignity left, to save everyone the trouble.
Matthews response was immediate, his resolve unwavering.
Dont even think it! If Dr.
Watts cant help, well search for another specialist abroad.
Theres got to be a treatment out there that can give you back your Life.
We wont give up, not now, not ever.
Stella hadnt anticipated that Matthew would genuinely act on what Lindsay had told her that morning.
If Lindsay remained like this for the rest of her life, requiring Matthews constant care, what purpose would her own presence serve in their lives? Was she really going to divorce Matthew? These thoughts swirled relentlessly in Stellas mind, trapping her in a storm of uncertainty.
###chapter2314
Meanwhile, Lindsays spirits seemed to lift, as if rekindled with hope.
Tears filled her eyes, brimming with gratitude and dependence as she gazed at Matthew.
Matthew, on the other hand, was preparing to take Lindsay back to the consultation room to see Ronan.
As he turned her wheelchair, his gaze landed on Stella.
He hesitated for a moment, his lips parting slightly as if to speak, but in the end, he remained silent, pushing Lindsay into the consultation room.
Stella couldnt ignore the triumphant look Lindsay shot her.
It pierced through her like a blade, leaving a sharp pang in her chest.
What hurt even more was Matthews behavior.
If he hadnt lost his memory, he would have stood by her side, managing Lindsays situation with her.
Instead, he repeatedly left her to endure the humiliation and pain alone.
Nearby, Fernando let out a quiet sigh and said, Mrs.
Clark, please try to understand Mr.
Clark. Miss Wheelers test results werent promising, and shes emotionally fragile right now.
Mr.
Clark is worried she might do something drastic, so hes been doing his best to console her.
Stella mustered a faint smile and replied, I understand.
I wont make a fuss.
Hearing her words, Fernando was momentarily at a loss.
He closed his mouth, uncertain of what else to say, afraid that anything more might worsen the situation.
Inside the consultation room, Matthews expression darkened as he scanned Lindsays test results.
Ronan spoke in a grave tone.
Miss Wheelers spinal cord is completely damaged.
This is an extremely challenging condition.
Even if we proceed with surgery immediately, the risks are immense worsened paralysis or severe complications could arise.
Therefore, I strongly recommend opting for conservative treatment instead.
Lindsays reaction was immediate, like the ground had crumbled beneath her feet.
Her face turned ghostly pale, lips trembling as tears cascaded down her cheeks.
Slumping in her wheelchair, she muttered in despair, How did it come to this? What am I going to do now… Matthews brow furrowed deeply, his face etched with concern as he turned to Ronan.
Is there really no way to fix this? Not even the slightest hope? Ronan shook his head, a heavy sigh escaping him.
With the current state of medical advancements and the severity of Miss Wheelers condition, finding a cure is nearly impossible.
Complete spinal cord damage is one of the most formidable challenges we face.
A tense silence hung in the room as Matthew absorbed the grim reality.
After a moment, he murmured, I understand.
Stepping forward, he carefully tucked the test report into his hand.
With a gentle pat on Lindsays shoulder, he said softly, Lindsay, lets head out.
Without waiting for a response, he wheeled her out of the consultation room.
Nearby, Stella had overheard everything.
The diagnosis felt like a crushing weight on her chest, squeezing the breath from her Lungs.
Her gaze involuntarily drifted to Matthew. His face was a mosaic of emotions-helplessness, guilt, and a faint undercurrent of confusion.
The corridor stretched before them, oppressively silent save for Lindsays quiet sobs, their sound echoing like a mournful cry through the empty hall.
Matthew paused, the weight of the moment settling like a heavy fog.
He turned to Fernando, his voice cutting through the silence with the precision of a surgeons scalpel.
Reach out to other doctors overseas.
If we find someone more suited to Lindsays needs, well bring them to Seamarsh for a second opinion.
If not, Ill take her abroad myself for treatment.
Fernando gave a quick nod, his reply sharp as a tack.
Understood, Mr.
Clark.
Ill get on it right away.
As he made to leave, his gaze flicked to Stella, a glimmer of sympathy flashing in his eyes, followed by a soft, almost imperceptible sigh.
Lindsay, overhearing Matthews plans, suddenly adopted a more considerate demeanor.
###chapter2315
She wiped away her tears, her voice thick with emotion.
Matthew, maybe..
maybe I should just stick with Dr.
Watts conservative treatment.
You have so much on your plate with Prosperity Group every day.
I dont want to add another stone to your burden.
Matthew gave a small, reassuring nod, his words measured.
I know what Im doing.
Dont waste time worrying about it.
His eyes lingered on Stella, who had remained silent through it all, and he added, almost instinctively, And besides, Grandmas been hoping to see you get better soon.
The words landed like a stone in Lindsays chest, and a cold chill spread through her veins.
She knew all too well how much Lucia adored Stella.
If she recovered, it was mo secret that Lucia would always favor Stella over her. But, wisely, Lindsay chose not to stir the pot; instead, she simply nodded, her acknowledgment faint but laden with unspoken thoughts.
At that moment, Stellas phone buzzed, its shrill ring slicing through the tension in the corridor like a blade through silk.
She glanced at the screen.
It was Lucia.
After answering, Stellas expression flickered for a heartbeat before smoothing into a mask of composure.
When the call ended, she turned to Matthew, her voice low but firm.
Leona Wheeler is here.
Shes at your grandparents home now.
As Stella and the others crossed the threshold into the Clark family residence, their eyes landed on Leona Wheeler, the current matriarch of the Wheeler family.
Younger than Lucia, Leona exuded an aura of unyielding authority-her gaze sharp and unblinking, like a hawk circling prey.
She was a force of nature, as commanding as a thunderclap, warning anyone who dared to approach her that they were stepping into dangerous territory.
Standing beside her was Betsey, Lindsays mother.
Stellas mind flashed back to her last unpleasant encounter with Betsey, a storm of worries rising in her chest.
She suspected they had come because of Lindsays condition.
As soon as Betsey laid eyes on Stella, it was as if a fuse had been lit.
She erupted like a volcano, her voice harsh and shrill.
Stella, let Robin go! What right do you have to have him arrested? Matthew frowned at the outburst, his calm demeanor starting to fray at the edges.
Lindsay, panicking internally, feared the situation was about to spiral into chaos, potentially making things worse.
But Stella remained as calm as a still lake, her voice smooth and measured.
I dont understand what youre talking about.
Why Robin was arrested isnt something I know anything about.
Betseys fury flared even higher, her gestures wild and erratic as she shrieked, Stop playing games! Robin was hauled off to the police because you accused him of tampering with lights! Dont think Im oblivious to that! Stellas brows furrowed in mild surprise.
She hadnt expected Dexter to act so swiftly, moving to have Robin arrested so quickly.
But she wasnt one to let her composure slip.
With calculated calmness, she replied, Betsey, if you have a problem with the police, you should take it up with them.
This isnt the place to raise a ruckus.
The Clark family doesnt control the police station, so theres no point in creating a scene here.
Betseys face flushed a deep crimson, her fury intensifying with each passing second. She lunged at Stella, her hand raised as if she were about to strike, her insults raining down like daggers.
Stellas reaction was lightning quick as she seized Betseys hand in a firm grip.
Lucia, barely containing her irritation, leaped to Stellas defense with fiery words.
Betsey, what on earth are you doing? Were on the grounds of the Clark family home, where such wild behavior simply isnt tolerated! In the midst of Betseys chaotic rant, Matthews brow creased in a scowl.
He projected his voice across the room, cutting through the noise.
Hold on a moment, explain yourself.
This is not some rowdy public square! At that point, Leona chimed in.
With a serene look, she eyed Betsey and chided, Betsey, please, settle down.
We are here for a discussion, not to stir up a scene.
Leona then turned her gaze to Stella, her tone dripping with arrogance and scorn as she remarked, Humph.
Seamarsh falls under Matthews rule, and overpowering someone on their own ground isnt childs play.
Stella, imprisoning someone is hardly a challenge for the Clarks.
We were compelled to seek you out.
Now, what must the Wheelers do for you to grant Robin mercy? 
###chapter2316
Stella couldnt help but find humor in Leonas dramatics.
Her smile twisted into a sneer, laden with scorn for the warped version of the truth Leona presented.
Lucia sensed the tension in Stella and softly touched her shoulder, her voice soothing.
Dont worry, Stella.
We, the Clarks, dont fold under threats.
Leona, who had joined the Wheeler family following the death of Lucias best friend amidst whispers of her dubious ties with Darien Wheeler, Lindsays grandfather, had always been a thorn in Lucias side.
Lucias heart had accumulated years of bitterness toward the Wheeler family over her friends untimely demise.
These old wounds surfaced as Lucias gaze inadvertently landed on Lindsay, her disapproval evident.
Leona caught this and tossed a barbed comment Lucias way.
Try walking a mile in our shoes.
Stella stands unscathed, yet you cocoon her in protection. Meanwhile, my grandson languishes in a cell, his fate unknown.
Can you not muster a shred of empathy for the Wheelers? A surge of anger colored Lucias cheeks, and just as she was about to retort, Stella interjected.
She advanced toward Leona, her stare piercing as she confronted her.
Mrs.
Wheeler, are you even aware of Robins misdeeds? And still, you dare to cast aspersions here? Leona dismissed the gravity of the situation with a light laugh and a dismissive wave of her hand.
Boys will be boys.
He might have inadvertently offended you, Stella, but isnt this a bit much? Were all respectable folks here.
Surely, its prudent to show a bit of mercy when we can.
Stella responded with a cold, sharp laugh, her gaze icy with fury.
Accidentally? He almost killed someone! He tampered with the chandelier, making it crash down, nearly crushing someone below.
This isnt just mischief; its outright malice! Matthew, overhearing the exchange, was visibly shocked.
He had not anticipated Robins involvement in this incident.
Meanwhile, Lindsay was consumed by anxiety, her mind racing, her palms slick with worry about how much Stella might know.
Yet, Leona appeared unruffled, her voice steady as she replied, But no one was harmed, were they? Since it didnt lead to any fatalities, why not let bygones be bygones? Were all family here.
Theres no need to escalate the situation.
Lucia, already disturbed by Stellas revelation, found Leonas cavalier attitude unbearable.
She burst out, Family? For endangering lives, Robin ought to be behind bars, not brushed off with excuses! Leona, her face a mask of contained fury, turned toward Lindsay, her eyes glinting with disapproval.
Lindsay, your brother faces adversity, yet you stand idly by? Has your heritage slipped your mind after these long years nestled among the Clarks? At this, Betsey couldnt hold back; her voice rose in a crescendo of despair.
Why am I cursed with such tribulations! Stella has cast Robin into prison, while Matthew has broken Lindsay.
My heart aches for my children, ravaged by that venomous pair! Lucia shot back with fiery intensity, Enough with your fabrications! The reality is far from your twisted tales.
Throughout the escalating tension, Leona maintained her cool, imposing demeanor.
She addressed the room with poised authority.
Now that I am here, we must strategize a way forward for Lindsay. Her gaze then shifted sharply to Matthew.
With a scowl, Matthew responded in frosty tones, This is strictly a Clark family affair.
We have no need to justify our actions to outsiders.
He then signaled to the butler.
See our guests out, please.
The butler approached promptly, ready to usher the Wheeler family away.
Spurred by this dismissal, Betsey erupted.
The audacity of the Clarks knows no bounds! Leona, her composure as unshakeable as ever, faced Matthew and probed, saying, Matthew, do you really plan to dismiss this matter outright? Matthews reply was terse.
Its not a matter of dismissal.
I merely refuse to drown in this endless sea of quarrels with you.
Acknowledging his stance with a slight nod, Leona gracefully stood and prepared for her departure.
###chapter2317
Passing by Lindsay, she left a parting remark tinged with warning.
Lindsay, never forget-you are a Wheeler.
When the chips are down, it is your family who will be your steadfast anchor.
After the exit of Leona and Betsey, Lucia, still simmering with frustration, muttered darkly, That woman remains unchanged, forever cloaked in arrogance, sowing discord wherever she roams.
She wont win, not this time.
As her anger ebbed, Lucia turned her gaze to Stella and Lindsay, comforting them.
Let her ominous words fall on deaf ears.
She aims to unsettle us, yet she holds no real power to harm.
Stella acknowledged this with a nod, a silent vow of understanding passing between them.
Lindsay, however, remained Lost in thought, Leonas words echoing in her mind as she nodded absently.
Lucia, concern etching her features, leaned in closer to Stella.
Stella, tell me everything about what transpired with Robin. Perked up by the mention of her brother, Lindsay leaned in, her focus sharpened, eager to catch every detail.
Stella responded with a hint of suspicion in her voice, Lucia, during the launch, I felt something was amiss.
I had my assistant investigate it, and it turns out the person pulling the strings was linked to Robin.
As she spoke, Stella cast a sidelong glance at Lindsay, trying to read her.
Whether Lindsay was masking her feelings expertly or genuinely uninvolved, her face betrayed no clues.
Stella pressed on.
Ever since Robin set foot in Seamarsh, hes been a constant thorn in my side.
Its hardly shocking hed stoop to such tactics.
Lucia exhaled a sigh of relief, her voice softening.
As long as youre out of harms way, thats what truly counts.
Turning her attention to Lindsay, she advised with a gentle firmness, Lindsay, it might be wise to distance yourself from the Wheeler family.
Ever since I brought you into the Clark fold, youve been well cared for.
Focus on your recovery.
Lindsay managed a strained smile and replied, Thank you.
Ill keep that in mind.
She then looked earnestly at Stella, her eyes brimming with a silent plea.
Stella, could you possibly forgive Robin for my sake? Hes young and still learning from his mistakes.
Stella remained silent as she fixed a scrutinizing gaze on Lindsay.
Lindsay, Lucia exclaimed, visibly taken aback.
Why are you pleading for Robin now? He nearly killed someone.
Its only right that he be held accountable for his actions.
Its not like that, Lindsay rushed to explain.
Robin just got carried away by his anger when he saw I couldnt stand up.
He acted on impulse. He isnt a bad person at all.
Besides, my legs are useless as it is, and there arent many people left in the Wheeler family.
If something happens to Robin, Leona will most certainly storm your home to disturb you.
None of us will have a moment of peace.
A few of Lindsays words stood out to Stella.
The phrases, my legs are useless and none of us will have a moment of peace sounded odd for some reason.
Stella wasnt convinced that Lindsay was actually trying to speak up for Robin.
If anything, it seemed like Lindsay herself was involved in the chandelier incident.
Still, she said nothing, and chose to keep her thoughts to herself.
A look of guilt passed over Lucias face when she heard Lindsay mention the state of her legs.
But the old lady also knew that if she relented, she would be letting Stella down.
So Lucia turned to Stella and asked, Have you really found conclusive evidence that Robin did it? 
###chapter2318
It wasnt me who dug out the evidence, Stella calmly replied.
It was the police that took him away.
Surely, they wouldnt apprehend him without proper evidence, right? Seeing that Stella wasnt about to bend, Lindsay tried to appeal to her once more.
Please, Stella.
Let Robin go just this one time.
He really had no bad intentions.
If this incident ruins his life, I… I will never forgive myself for as long as I live.
But no matter what she said, nothing moved Stella.
When Lindsay realized this, she slapped her own leg with as much force as she could muster, and said tearfully, Its all my fault.
If my legs werent so useless, none of this would have happened.
I shouldnt have come back here.
I should have just died in Sothrea. Then none of this would have happened! Heartbroken, Lucia went over to comfort her.
Dont say that, Lindsay.
If this is all just a misunderstanding, the police will definitely release Robin.
And even if he did do it, the fault lies with him, not you.
No one is going to blame you.
Lindsay acted like she didnt hear a thing and continued to blame herself in between choked sobs.
At that point, Matthew finally spoke.
Ill talk to the authorities and have them release Robin.
Both Stella and Lindsay turned to him in shock, though the emotions behind their reaction were different.
Stella was overcome with disappointment, and she looked at Matthew like she was seeing a stranger.
The trust she once had in him was now shattered irreparably.
Lindsay, on the other hand, was filled with joy and relief.
She could barely conceal it from her eyes.
Are you serious, Matthew? she asked, as though she couldnt quite believe what he just said.
Youre really going to get Robin out? Matthew nodded slightly.
You cant get too emotional right now.
I will handle this matter, so you dont have to worry about anything.
Thank you, Matthew, Lindsay gushed.
Youre so kind.
Then she paused and furrowed her brows in feigned concern.
But wont Stella get mad at you for doing this? Stella shot Lindsay a frosty look and said crisply, As long as Robin is innocent, I wont be able to sully his name with false accusations no matter how capable I am.
How could I be angry? However, I plan to have a word with Matthew about this later, away from prying eyes.
I have no desire to stir a scene in front of Lucia.
Catching the undercurrents of strain, Lucia chimed in with a comforting smile, trying to lighten the mood.
Lets not let this dampen our spirits.
Why dont you all stay for dinner? Its such a rare joy to have us all together. Lindsay, appearing drained, softly declined, Thank you, but fatigue has gotten the better of me today.
Ill pass and just head home to rest.
Count me in for next time, though.
She then turned to Matthew, her eyes pleading gently as she asked, Matthew, could you take me home? Knowing well that Matthew would Likely acquiesce to avoid any further stress after her check-up, Lindsay waited.
True to her expectations, Matthew agreed smoothly, Of course, Ill take you home.
Stella, having also lost her appetite, informed Lucia in a straightforward manner, Im afraid I must excuse myself as well, Lucia.
There are pressing issues at the studio that require my attention.
With those words, she too readied herself to leave.
Lucia, her heart heavy, escorted them to the door.
She watched their backs as they departed, a sigh of resignation escaping her lips while a shadow of concern crossed her face.
Once Matthew had helped Lindsay into his car, Stella seized the moment to pull him aside.
I need a word, she insisted.
###chapter2319
They stepped away from the car, distancing themselves from earshot.
Firing a direct gaze at Matthew, Stellas voice was laced with both anger and disbelief.
Matthew, whats your plan for Robin? Are you truly considering crossing legal lines for Lindsay? As they left the Clark family residence, all the questions Stella had bottled up poured out unchecked.
Her eyes, now mirrors of profound disappointment, struggled to reconcile the image of the upright Matthew she knew with his recent, unscrupulous decisions for Lindsay.
Matthews expression darkened under the weight of her words.
After a tense pause, he finally spoke, his voice firm yet weary.
Lindsays well-being is my top priority right now.
Shes not in a state to face additional stress.
I assure you, I will handle this matter appropriately. Please, I ask that you leave it to me.
Stella responded with sharp disappointment, Matthew, youve really let me down.
I hope you wont regret todays decision.
Without another word, she turned sharply and strode briskly to her car, her departure as swift as a summer storm, leaving Matthew to stand alone in the growing dusk.
Matthew remained motionless, his face set in a stern mask, while inside, his emotions churned tumultuously.
After some moments, he composed himself and walked slowly back to his car, his steps heavy with thought.
Inside the car, Lindsay had been observing the exchange from a distance.
Though secretly satisfied with the fracture between Matthew and Stella, she adopted a mask of concern.
Matthew, its all my fault for sparking that clash with Stella.
Should I go and clear things up with her? Irritated and impatient, Matthew responded, Dont worry about it.
Just focus on your recovery and steer clear of Stella.
Ill ensure everyone is satisfied with how we resolve the situation with Robin.
After ensuring Lindsay was safely back at her apartment, Matthew headed straight to the police station.
En route, Fernando delivered the latest findings from the investigation.
The evidence now unmistakably implicated Robin in the incident involving the chandelier.
As Fernando relayed the details, he watched Matthews face intently, trying to read his thoughts.
However, Matthews features remained inscrutable, his composure Like stone.
Finally, unable to contain his curiosity any longer, Fernando ventured, Mr. Clark, how should we proceed with this matter now? Matthew, with a calm exterior but a storm brewing within, said, Lets discuss this further at the police station.
Truth be told, he had no intention of bailing Robin out.
His words to Lindsay earlier had been nothing more than a soothing lullaby, meant to calm her anxious heart temporarily.
When Matthew and Fernando arrived at the police station, the air was thick with the quiet hum of bureaucracy.
A police officer greeted them with unexpected news: Robin was no longer in custody.
Fernandos face twisted with disbelief, his voice sharp as he demanded, Who? Who took him away? The officer, unwavering, replied, It was Robins grandmother and mother.
They handled the paperwork and took him home.
Matthews brow furrowed, suspicion knitting his thoughts together like a tangled web.
He found it hard to believe that Leona and Betsey had the clout to extract Robin from custody so effortlessly.
###chapter2320
Something about this didnt sit right-it reeked of an unseen hand pulling the strings.
Fernando, sensing the same undercurrent, pressed further, Officer, was Robin framed? Whats really going on here? The officer, his tone laced with gravity, explained, Our investigation revealed that a man named Joe Ramirez orchestrated the incident.
He held a grudge against Robin and staged the chandeliers fall to frame him.
Fernando absorbed the explanation, his brows furrowed in deep thought.
The situation seemed to grow murkier with every passing moment.
With Joes confession on record, it appeared the trail had gone cold, leaving little room for further pursuit.
Meanwhile, back at her studio, Stella was wrestling with her thoughts.
The storm in her mind showed no signs of abating.
No sooner had she sat down than Dexter approached her with urgent news.
Mrs. Clark, he began, Robin has been released without charges.
Stella froze, disbelief flashing across her face.
She hadnt expected Matthew to act so swiftly.
What? How could this be? The evidence was irrefutable.
How did the truth become so distorted? Dexter hesitated but shared what hed learned.
Apparently, a man named Joe Ramirez confessed.
Hes taken responsibility for the incident.
Stellas thoughts raced.
The truth unfolded before her like a cruel joke-Joe had clearly been used as a pawn.
She hadnt anticipated Matthew stooping so low to resolve the matter.
The realization weighed heavy on her, leaving a bitter taste of sorrow.
Noticing her dismay, Dexter asked cautiously, Should I investigate this Joe? Perhaps we can uncover what really happened.
But Stella shook her head, knowing that there was no point.
Anyone Matthew was determined to shield was untouchable.
Her weariness seeped into her words.
You can leave now.
Lets just let this be, for now.
Once the door closed, Stella was left alone with her thoughts.
A profound sadness engulfed her.
The Matthew she once knew seemed to have vanished, replaced by a man she could no longer recognize.
Her trust in him, once solid as a rock, now felt like shattered glass, impossible to piece back together. Outside the police station, Robin was immediately enveloped by Leona and Betseys anxious concern.
Are you alright? Did they mistreat you in there? Betsey asked, her voice thick with worry.
But Robin, fueled by frustration, lashed out instead.
Kicking a pebble on the roadside, he growled, Damn it! This is all because of that meddling Stella and Lindsay.
If it werent for them, I wouldnt have landed in this mess! His string of curses painted a vivid picture for Leona and Betsey, who quickly grasped the gist of his ordeal.
Betseys face turned crimson with rage.
Lindsay, that ungrateful girl, dared to harm my son! she fumed.
Im going to give her a piece of my mind! But Leona caught her by the arm, her gaze as sharp as a blade.
Keep your voice down, she warned.
Remember, we were told to stay under the radar when we came to fetch Robin.
###chapter2321
Betsey reluctantly halted in her steps, though she continued to grumble and mutter curses under her breath.
Robin was a bit confused.
His brows furrowed as he mulled over the situation.
Mom, Grandma, do you have any idea how I got released from the police station? It was Stella who put me in there.
She definitely wouldnt let me off this easily.
We received an anonymous text message after we left the Clark family residence, Betsey answered.
We were told to go to the police station to pick you up.
We dont know anything else.
Is Lindsay aware that I was detained? Robin prodded.
Betsey nodded.
She was there when we confronted the Clark family and asked for an explanation.
Robins eyes lit up with understanding.
Lindsay must have got me out.
Who else would have the resources to pull it off? Impossible, Betsey scoffed dismissively.
Lindsay? How could she even have that kind of influence? Robin just grinned and gave her a meaningful look.
Youre right, she doesnt have that kind of influence. But Matthew does.
Ha! Lindsays handicap is proving to be an advantage.
As long as she remains disabled, Matthew has no choice but to agree to all her demands.
She probably asked him to get me out of jail.
You should stay away from Lindsay, Betsey warned.
After all those years apart, who knows whats going on in that girls mind? She might still be holding a grudge against us.
This could all be part of some elaborate plan to get back at us! Robin snorted, totally unfazed.
She wouldnt dare! Dont worry, Mom.
I have enough leverage over Lindsay.
If she makes the mistake of betraying me, she wouldnt be able to escape unscathed.
Ill make sure she never gets accepted into the Clark family.
As if on cue, Lindsay called right at that moment.
Robin glanced at the caller ID and chuckled smugly.
He picked up the call and spoke before Lindsay could get a word in.
Oh, my.
I just got released, and here you are already calling me.
Were you worried about me all along? Robin, Lindsay said anxiously.
Youre already out? Robin sneered.
Thats right.
Im free.
But Ill have you know that Ive gone through hell because of you.
How are you planning to compensate me for my trouble.
Realizing that he was about to extort her, Lindsay snapped, What do you want? Just a million, Robin drawled.
Give me a million dollars to make up for my mental and emotional distress.
Besides, Mom and Grandma are also here in Seamarsh.
We need some funds.
A million? Lindsay screeched, shocked by his shameless demand.
Her first instinct was to refuse.
Are you out of your mind? I dont have that much money! Listen, Lindsay.
I didnt breathe a word about the incident back at the police station.
If you dont give me the money, I just might let something slip; do you understand what Im saying? Dont say I didnt warn you.
Lindsay was shaking with anger, but at the same time, she was terrified that Robin would really reveal the truth.
Fine, she said through gritted teeth.
Ill transfer the money. But you will forget this matter starting today.
Dont you ever use this to threaten me again.
Ill keep that in mind, Robin promised.
Im just waiting for you to become Mrs.
Clark, so you can give me even more money.
Lindsay ended the call and threw her phone on the bed in a fit of rage.
If only I had any other choice, I would have never resorted to asking that bastard for help.
But the thought of Matthew actually releasing Robin at her request was more than enough to lift her spirits, so Lindsay promptly transferred a million to Robins account.
Once Robin received the money, he proudly showed the transaction record to Leona and Betsey.
Here, Mom, Grandma.
Check this out.
Didnt I tell you? As long as I help Lindsay marry into the Clark family, she will be our lifelong benefactor.
Well never have to worry about money again.
Betseys eyes lit up at the long line of zeroes on the screen.
She was grinning from ear to ear, utterly delighted by this development.
Oh, you are simply amazing, my dear son! Now, we can finally enjoy ourselves in Seamarsh.
###chapter2322
Leona, on the other hand, shot Robin a disapproving look.
You worthless thing! she scolded.
All you ever think about is money.
Dont you realize that this isnt as simple as it seems? You just might end up shooting yourself in the foot.
Despite her words, she, too, began to fantasize about the life of comfort that this plan would give them.
Meanwhile, Robins release left Stella in a state of turmoil the entire day.
It bothered her so much that she could barely focus on work.
When she couldnt take it anymore, she clocked off work early and headed to Bellas place.
To her surprise, Alissa was also there.
Stella! Bella exclaimed in astonishment.
What are you doing here at this time? Didnt you just launch your fashion brand? You should be neck-deep with work right now.
Stella mustered a smile and said, Please.
No matter how busy I am, I can still make time to see you.
Bella laughed. Youre better off spending that time with Matthew instead.
The man lost his memory.
Sticking to his side might help him recover it sooner.
Just like how spending more time with Alissa has helped me remember some of my past.
Stella said nothing, and only then did Bella notice the odd look on her face.
Stella, did you have a fight with Matthew? Stella quickly denied it with a smile.
Not at all.
Were both just really busy these days.
We dont have much time to talk, let alone fight.
But Bella was not convinced.
She narrowed her eyes suspiciously.
Dont Lie to me, I know you too well.
Something is definitely up with you two, Just tell me the truth.
If Matthew did something to upset you, Ill help you get back at him.
Stella sighed.
Its really nothing.
Im just a little stressed about the new product launching.
Its my first time managing a brand, after all.
I feel a bit overwhelmed, so Im not exactly in the best mood.
It has nothing to do with Matthew.
Bella still didnt buy it, but seeing Stellas firm stance on the matter, she decided not to press further.
What were you guys talking about just now? Stella asked, eager to change the subject.
We were talking about Carly, Alissa replied.
Shes planning to start an embroidery class, and is looking for a commercial space.
Then, suddenly thinking of Stellas brand, she added, Stella, have you thought about opening a physical store? Stella grew quiet.
In truth, she had never considered putting up a physical store just yet.
Most of my orders are made online, she said after a while.
The studio is mainly for meeting important clients and consultations about the designs.
The bulk of the production process is handled by the factories.
Your studio is in a rather remote location, and isnt very spacious at all, Bella pointed out. If you want to market your brand to upper society, you will need to have a physical store.
Trust me, it will do wonders in boosting your businesss image and consumer awareness.
Stella listened intently, realizing that Bellas words held some merit.
When Stella had originally chosen her studio, her primary focus had been on creating a peaceful and undisturbed environment.
She hadnt imagined that one day she would be building her own brand.
After a moment of reflection, Stella said, Ill ask Doreen to check if there are any suitable commercial spaces available.
Alissas eyes sparkled with excitement as she replied, Carly has already scouted some properties.
Theres one that seems perfect, and as luck would have it, its owned by Prosperity Group.
You could reach out to Matthew and ask if its reserved.
If not, it would save you a lot of hassle.
Bella chimed in, eagerly listing the propertys advantages.
The location is prime-close to your studio and surrounded by affluent shoppers.
Theres a decent amount of foot traffic too.
Its ideal for a high-end brands physical store.
###chapter2323
Though Stella was tempted by the idea, her thoughts wandered to her complicated and delicate relationship with Matthew.
With his upcoming surgery weighing on her mind, she found it hard to focus on the prospect of a store, leaving her feeling torn.
Suddenly, Bella seemed to recall something and said, I almost forgot-you left Prosperity Group to strike out on your own.
You wouldnt want your success to be overshadowed by the title of Mrs.
Clark.
Dont overthink it.
If you really want to open a store, take your time to evaluate the options.
Seamarsh is big.
There has to be more than one ideal location.
Stella nodded in agreement.
As the evening wore on, Alissa suggested, Why dont we go out for dinner? We can invite Doreen and Carly too. Lets make it a Lively gathering.
Stella smiled and agreed.
Sounds good.
So much happened during the recent launch event that I never got the chance to properly host everyone.
As the launch event crossed her mind, she couldnt help but recall the situation with Robin.
Her expression darkened slightly.
Bella noticed the subtle shift in Stellas mood.
After some thought, she surmised that it was connected to the launch event.
Rumors about Lindsay and Matthew had been circulating lately, which reminded Bella of how Elizabeth had gone to extreme Lengths to win Matthews affection in the past.
Bella said, That day, the chandelier fell so suddenly.
Despite Lindsays leg injury, she still rushed to save you.
Shes truly a kind person.
You should really show concern for her well-being and investigate the matter thoroughly to give her a clear explanation.
Stella didnt want Bella to know the unpleasant details, so she forced a smile and replied, Its nothing, just an accident.
Ive already looked into it, and Lindsay is fine.
Bella frowned, her skepticism evident.
How could it be such a coincidence? Something about this doesnt feel right.
Afraid she might accidentally reveal too much, Stella quickly changed the subject.
Lets not dwell on this now.
We should head to the restaurant before Carly starts waiting impatiently.
Bella seemed reluctant to let the topic drop, but Stella was already pulling her and Alissa toward the door.
On the way, Stella kept the conversation flowing with Alissa, asking about Carlys embroidery class preparations and updating her about Doreens recent work performance.
Her deliberate chatter left no opening for Bella to revisit the chandelier incident. It wasnt until they stepped into the private dining room that Stella finally felt a sense of relief.
Inside the private room of the restaurant, Carly was already seated, but Doreen had yet to arrive.
As they settled in, Alissa quipped, Doreen is usually so punctual! Its rare for her to be late.
When she gets here, we absolutely need to ask her what kept her.
Meanwhile, Doreen was rushing out of a taxi, practically sprinting toward the restaurant.
In her haste, she accidentally collided with someone.
Sorry! she exclaimed, looking up-only to realize she had bumped into Dexter.
Doreens eyes widened in shock when she spotted Dexter, her heart fluttering in her chest.
Without thinking, she froze in place, quickly straightened her clothes, and flashed a bright smile, her voice filled with warmth as she said, Dexter, what a surprise! Just as she anticipated, Dexters response was as distant as a winter chill.
He gave a brief nod, his expression unmoved.
Doreen had long been used to Dexters distant attitude.
Trying to act casual, she asked, What brings you here? Did Stella send you? 
###chapter2324
Dexters face tightened a little when he heard Stellas name.
He responded, Is Stella here as well? Noticing the confused look on his face, Doreen quickly understood that his visit had nothing to do with Stella.
Nonetheless, she didnt mind.
Her excitement to have a chance to talk to him a little longer overpowered any other thoughts, hoping to make a stronger impression.
Dexter, however, gave her no more attention.
With a simple I have other things to do, he turned and walked away without looking back.
As she observed Dexter walking away, Doreens smile slowly faded.
A deep sigh escaped her lips as she whispered to herself, They say its easy for a woman to win a man over, but with Dexter, it feels like an impossible task. Shaking her head, she turned and made her way to the private room.
As soon as Doreen walked in, Carly flashed a playful smile and teased, Doreen, youre finally here! Did a handsome guy stop you on the way, making you late? Doreens cheeks instantly flushed red, and she looked down, embarrassed.
Carly, catching sight of Doreens reaction, gasped and said, Wait, theres definitely something happening! Come on, whos the handsome guy? Stella, who had been deep in conversation with Alissa, suddenly became alert and glanced at Doreen, curiosity in her eyes.
Flustered, Doreen quickly waved her hands, insisting, Theres nothing like that! Dont start imagining things.
Then, she shifted her attention to Stella and added, By the way, I just saw Dexter downstairs.
I thought maybe you invited him too.
Stella chuckled and responded, Its after hours.
I prefer not to intrude on my employees free time.
Even as she said this, a hint of curiosity lingered in Stellas mind.
Why was Dexter here? Was Bennett with him too? Carly, who had quickly caught the name of the man, leaned in with interest and asked, Whos this Dexter? Doreen, are you hiding a secret boyfriend from us? Alissa, clearly intrigued, leaned forward and asked with the curiosity of an investigator, So, Doreen, who exactly is this Dexter? Whats his job? And whats his family like? Alissa couldnt help but think about Doreens complicated family background.
Knowing her father wasnt the best influence, she worried that Doreen might be getting involved with the wrong person.
Doreen, caught off guard by their barrage of questions, fumbled her words.
He… hes just someone Stella asked to help out.
Nothing is going on between us.
Doreens words didnt seem to convince anyone, so she glanced over at Stella, silently asking for support.
Stella, catching the hint, said, Things at the studio have been hectic lately, and Doreen couldnt manage everything on her own. So, I asked Bennett to send someone to help out with a few tasks.
Thats where Dexter comes in.
Alissa nodded thoughtfully, replying, Ah, I get it now.
As long as hes someone we know, its fine.
Doreen, youre at an age where dating is normal.
If hes a good guy, you might want to think about it.
Doreens cheeks deepened in color, and in a shy voice, she murmured, Seriously, nothing is happening.
Can you stop teasing me? Trying to steer the conversation elsewhere, she grabbed the menu and suggested, How about we order some food? Im starving.
###chapter2325
Dexter slipped into another dimly lit private dining room at that moment.
There, Sanford was seated opposite his grandfather.
The elder, Declan, presented a picture of austerity, his meticulously styled gray hair narrating tales of the past.
His deep-set eyes, imposing and authoritative, demanded immediate respect.
Stepping closer, Dexter leaned in and whispered cautiously, Mr.
Quimby, Stella has arrived as well.
A shadow flickered across Sanfords face as he murmured softly, Did she cross your path? No, I just had a word with Doreen downstairs, and she brought up Stella, Dexter explained quietly.
After a moments reflection, Sanford directed Youd better leave now.
Its crucial Stella doesnt spot you here.
Acknowledging with a nod, Dexter exited the room with discreet steps.
As the door gently clicked shut, Declan, who had been dining, paused, his utensils resting on the table as surprise flickered through his eyes.
Stella? Is Koris daughter here as well? Sanfords expression remained unreadable, though a slight twitch of his brow betrayed his concern. He faced Declan, his voice steady.
Grandpa, what brought you away from Lyllmann so suddenly? Gazing back with a mix of amusement and cunning, Declans smile widened.
His eyes, gleaming with a mischievous spark, revealed his tactical acumen.
Sanford, youre not fooling anyone.
Youre dodging the issue.
Sanford kept his composure, his voice even.
Im not avoiding anything, Grandpa.
You have pressing responsibilities back in Lyllmann, and its been years since you left.
Seamarsh is riddled with uncertainties and lurking dangers.
Ive made arrangements for your safe return tonight.
Declans grin took on a fox-like cunning, a playful light dancing in his eyes.
He teased out his words slowly.
Sanford, seeing you this flustered is a rarity.
Whats troubling you? Are you afraid Ill meddle with Stella? Sanfords eyes narrowed, his tone sharpening as he responded, My concern isnt what you might do to her.
Im worried youll throw my plans into disarray.
Every move is critical, and we cannot afford a single slip-up.
A chilling glimmer flashed in Declans eyes, carrying a stark warning.
Ive advised you before to expedite your plans.
If youre not up to the task, Im prepared to step in.
However, be warned, it wont be a scenario you can easily manage.
Sanfords expression tightened, his tone firm and unyielding.
Grandpa, I assure you, everything is firmly in my hands.
We still have plenty of time before the three-month deadline approaches.
Youre acting prematurely. Patience is essential, and impulsive actions could dismantle all weve built.
Declans response was a harsh laugh, echoing slightly in the quiet room.
His piercing gaze settled on Sanford, probing and incisive.
You seem different, Sanford.
You werent always this cautious.
Is Stella the reason behind this change? Quick to dismiss the implication, Sanford answered with deliberate clarity, No, it has nothing to do with her.
My focus is solely on the comprehensive strategy.
Unswayed, Declan stood up, adjusted his attire with a crisp, practiced motion, and announced his intent, his voice laced with determination.
Since Ive made the journey here, I shall take it upon myself to meet Stella.
Im eager to understand what makes her so intriguing.
With a resolved stride, he began to approach the door.
###chapter2326
Grandpa! The urgency in Sanfords voice was palpable.
He pressed on, desperate to prevent a potential disaster.
You cannot go-meeting her now will jeopardize everything weve planned.
Declan was persistent.
He glanced back at Sanford and said, Dont worry, Im just going to take a look.
I wont reveal my identity.
Then he reminded in a firmer tone, Dont forget about our three- month agreement.
If you fail to complete the task, I can no Longer guarantee that Stella will remain safe in Seamarsh.
After saying his parting words, he left the room without a backward glance.
Sanfords expression turned grim.
He balled his hands into fists as waves of emotions roiled inside him. There was anger at Declans rash actions, as well as worry about the potential danger that Stella might face.
Meanwhile, Matthew was about to finish with work when his phone rang.
It was Lindsay.
Matthew, came her soft, slightly aggrieved voice on the line.
My mom wants to invite you to dinner.
Im sorry, I… I couldnt refuse her.
Can you make time for us? She made it sound like she was terrified of Betsey and Leona for some reason.
Matthew hesitated for a moment, but eventually agreed.
Alright, send me the address.
In a private room of a well-known restaurant, Betsey was leaning over the table just as Lindsay hung up.
So? she asked eagerly.
Did Matthew agree to come? Lindsay nodded.
Yes, he said hell be here.
Robins face broke into a smug smile when he heard that.
See? Now, Matthew is willing to move heaven and earth for Lindsays sake.
Just look at her! After all those years with the Clark family, shes never had it as good as she does now with her leg issues.
Ha! I daresay losing the ability to walk is a small price to pay for a lifetime of wealth and comfort.
His words were nothing short of degrading, and he didnt bother to hide the disdain from showing.
Lindsay felt a pang of humiliation.
She suddenly regretted having turned to Robin for help.
Since Joanns incident, she had cut ties with her.
And Lindsay was never truly accepted by the elite circles despite living with the Clark family for most of her life.
Thus, she had no one else to turn to.
In her desperation, she sought out Robin. Now, it was looking more and more to be a very bad decision.
Lindsay tried to comfort herself.
If the scoundrel proved to be a threat to her, she would never hesitate to get rid of him, once and for all.
Robin continued with his despicable tirade, while Lindsay remained silent.
On the surface, she was docile and submissive, but there was a glint of determination in her lowered eyes.
Leona watched and listened to him without showing an ounce of sympathy for Lindsay.
Sending you to the Clark family was planned by Lucias friend, she proceeded to explain.
We are your real family, Lindsay, the one who truly care for you.
Lindsay almost laughed at her face.
Leonas blatant hypocrisy disgusted her.
Still, Lindsay nodded obediently and said, I understand.
###chapter2327
Although the Wheeler family had never treated her well, they still served as a semblance of support when she was weak and helpless.
Never mind that they were always unreliable.
Leona was pleased by Lindsays apparent compliance.
After comforting her a bit more with empty words of concern, the old lady forged ahead with her main purpose.
When Matthew gets here, ask him to put up a store for you.
This is a promising opportunity, and you cant afford to miss it.
Lindsay was startled, and it showed on her face.
But I dont need a store, she said.
I just want to stay by Matthews side.
Im not interested in anything else, and Ive never even considered opening a business.
You silly girl! Betsey scolded her.
Why settle for a dead-end job when you can be your own boss? Even if the shop doesnt work out, you can always sell the property and make a profit out of it.
Dont you realize that this is a Prosperity Group property? Just flipping it would make you a fortune. And if you really dont want it, you can always give it to Robin.
Were all family.
He will never let you suffer.
Lindsay sneered inwardly at that, but she had to admit that Betseys proposal was rather tempting.
She didnt have any assets of her own, after all, while Stella had her studio and a growing network of influential connections.
Lindsay needed to find a way to outshine her.
Perhaps this store was just the opportunity she needed.
Soon after, Matthew arrived.
His commanding presence instantly silenced the room.
He walked to the table with steady, purposeful strides, and took a seat.
His back was ramrod straight, and he exuded a cold and imposing aura.
Robin shrank back like a frightened quail.
Despite his usual arrogance, he instinctively felt small in the face of the forbidding Matthew.
Betsey, too, was visibly daunted and didnt dare to make a sound.
It was Leona who broke the silence first.
She plastered a smile on her face and said, Thank you for facilitating Robins release, Matthew.
We didnt mean to cause so much trouble when we went to your grandparents house.
Please consider this meal an apology from our family to yours.
Matthews brows furrowed slightly.
I had nothing to do with Robins release, he clarified in an indifferent tone.
Leona and Betsey exchanged a look of surprise.
Across the table, Lindsay was just as stunned, though she quickly regained her composure.
Their bewilderment did not escape Matthews notice.
He found their reactions odd, but chose not to voice it out.
It doesnt matter how it happened, Leona said, trying to smooth things over.
The important thing is that Robin is free now. She deftly shifted the topic to Lindsay, saying, I had just joined the Wheeler family when Lindsay was sent to live with the Clark family.
Ive only seen her a handful of times.
Back then, I wanted to take her back to raise her myself, but Lucia wouldnt allow it.
I thought that… Well, the Clark family didnt have many heirs, and Lucia did need someone by her side.
Besides, it was the last wish of Lindsays grandmother before she died, so I reluctantly stepped back.
Matthew listened in silence, his expression unreadable.
As the seconds ticked by, the air in the room grew awkward, until it was thick and heavy with tension.
Eager to end the meal, Robin said bluntly, Lindsay is planning to open a shop.
You should help her, Matthew.
His tone was demanding and unapologetic, as though it was a matter of course, even expected of Matthew.
Matthews expression remained blank, but he slowly turned his gaze to Lindsay.
Lindsay was horrified by Robins rudeness.
When she caught Matthews glance, she didnt hesitate to scold Robin.
How can you say that? Where are your manners? 
###chapter2328
Robin shrugged casually, his lips curling in a dismissive smirk.
Sensing the tension, Leona intervened.
Matthew, youre well aware of Lindsays situation.
She used to be your assistant, but there isnt much she can do now that shes bound to a wheelchair.
In fact, shes the one needing your help these days.
We just thought that giving her a business of her own would help her regain some form of independence.
It can lighten your load as well.
Matthew turned to Lindsay and asked, Is this what you really want? She lowered her head slightly, looking hesitant and maybe a little fearful.
I… I do want to keep myself busy.
It would help to take my mind off my situation.
I learned how to make desserts during my free time in school.
If its possible, I would love to open a dessert shop.
You see? Betsey quickly chimed in.
Matthew, our Lindsay has been through so much. And with her legs, well… Giving her something to do would keep her spirits up.
Managing a small business would give her a purpose.
Its certainly a much better prospect than being stuck at home all day.
I understand, Matthew said with a small nod.
Ill talk to Fernando and have him make the arrangements.
Betseys eyes twinkled with anticipation.
Theres a great spot over on Frost Avenue! Its a high-traffic area, and its bustling with people all throughout the day.
Its a popular hangout among upper society, too, so its perfect for new businesses.
Matthew said nothing in reply, but the air grew distinctly thick again.
The weight of his authority and power fell heavily in the room, making Lindsay increasingly antsy with every silent second that passed.
Anywhere will do, honestly, she hurriedly said.
I dont have much capital, anyway, and I most definitely cant afford a property from Prosperity Group.
I just need a place to start, thats all.
Worried that the opportunity might slip away, Robin blurted out, Whats with the attitude, Matthew? Lindsay sacrificed her legs to save you.
All shes asking for is a store in a prime location.
Are you seriously going to deny her something so trivial? Arent you worried that people would call you an ingrate if word of this gets out? Your reputation will be tarnished.
Lindsay frowned.
Stop it, Robin! I saved Matthew of my own accord.
Im not looking for any kind of compensations, so quit with that kind of talk.
Leona watched their exchange with sharp, haw-like eyes, holding her breath as she waited for Matthews response.
After another charged moment, Matthew repeated, Ill have Fernando arrange it.
The Wheeler family breathed a collective sigh of relief, while Lindsay Looked concerned.
Is this too much trouble for you? she asked Matthew.
If it is, we can just forget about it.
Its not a problem, Matthew replied coolly.
The doctor did mention that maintaining a good mood is essential for your recovery.
Making desserts might do just that, so its fine.
Go to Prosperity Group tomorrow and sign the necessary paperwork.
Lindsay couldnt help but feel disappointed by his cold and logical reasoning.
She had hoped that this would bring her closer to Matthew, but he was still so distant toward her. If anything, he acted like giving her the store was just another duty he needed to fulfill.
There wasnt a single trace of warmth in his demeanor.
Even so, Lindsay forced herself to smile.
All right, Matthew.
Thank you.
As Stella and her companions finished their meal, the evening had deepened into night.
Bella looked at Stella thoughtfully.
Is Matthew coming to pick you up? she asked.
If not, Alissa and I are heading the same way and I can leave with her.
Usually, Matthew would have been there, waiting to drive Stella home regardless of the time.
But now, things were different.
Stella gave a slight shake of her head.
Hes stuck working late, she responded.
Dont worry, I drove here, so Ill drop you and Alissa off.
###chapter2329
Bella sensed some tension between Stella and Matthew, but the busy restaurant wasnt the place to delve into it.
She decided to wait and talk to Stella privately on the drive home.
As they left the restaurant, Doreen lingered behind, her eyes sweeping the area for any sign of Dexter.
Despite her hopefulness, he was nowhere to be seen, and her disappointment was palpable.
Doreen, give it up.
Hes already left.
Seems like todays not the day for romance, Carly teased.
I was just looking around, nothing more! Doreen quickly retorted, blushing.
The two laughed and parted ways with Stella and the others.
Meet me at the entrance. Ill get the car, Stella told Bella and Alissa.
Sure, go ahead, Bella responded with a smile.
As Bella turned to chat with Alissa, she saw a familiar figure emerging from the restaurant next door.
Stella, isnt that Matthew? Bella instinctively called out, pointing at him.
Stella halted, following Bellas pointed finger.
It really was Matthew, and he wasnt alone.
Lindsay and Robin were at his side.
A sharp pang of hurt gripped Stella, seeing him so close to the Wheeler family.
Matthew had not only helped Robin get out of the police station but was now sharing a meal with them.
What was she to him now? Seeing this, Bella was even more convinced that something was wrong between Stella and Matthew.
She knew Stella wasnt one to fabricate stories and remembered her mentioning Lindsay, the woman who had once saved Matthew before.
Bellas thoughts raced, piecing together that the tension between Stella and Matthew might involve Lindsay and the young man beside Matthew.
At that moment, Stella felt a profound sorrow.
She had no desire to confront Matthew in front of the Wheeler family, fearing it would only add to her embarrassment.
She masked her distress and decided to pretend as if she hadnt seen Matthew.
Lets go to the parking lot together.
It isnt far, she said to Bella.
Bella looked concerned for a moment.
Then, she nodded, and they started to walk away.
Just then, Matthew noticed Stella out of the corner of his eye. He froze, and the motion of pushing Lindsays wheelchair halted abruptly.
Lindsay, perceiving the sudden change, looked up and spotted Stella too.
Hey, isnt that Stella? Should we say hello? Lindsay asked softly.
No, lets not, Matthew responded after a moment of hesitation.
Robin overheard the exchange and felt a rush of anger, remembering his police station ordeal linked to Stella.
Looks like Stella cant face me.
Whats she guilty of? he sneered in a loud voice meant to provoke.
Bellas frown deepened at Robins words, and she turned to Stella in confusion.
Stella, why would he say that? Is there something I should know? she asked.
###chapter2330
Stella gritted her teeth and said, Ignore him.
Hes just being completely unreasonable.
But Robin wasnt ready to back down.
He shouted, Stella, if you had the nerve to accuse me, then you should also have the guts to admit you were wrong! Now that Im out, it proves you were slandering me.
You owe me an apology! Otherwise, Ill report you to the police for making false accusations.
Hearing Robins threat to involve the police, Bella immediately grasped the gravity of the situation.
She stepped forward, took a calming breath, and addressed Robin with a composed tone.
Stella is my daughter, and I know her well.
Shes not the type to make baseless accusations.
Could this all be a misunderstanding? Robin let out a derisive snort.
Of course, youd defend her.
Youre family.
But the fact remains: the police let me go, and that proves my innocence.
Hmph, like mother, like daughter. Shes nothing but an uncultured brat with no sense of upbringing.
Stella couldnt hold back any longer.
Her anger boiled over as she retorted, Robin, you know exactly how you managed to walk out of the police station.
As she spoke, her gaze shifted to Matthew, her eyes searching his for answers-a glimmer of hope flickering in them.
If he could offer a reasonable explanation, she might consider forgiving him for his mistake this time.
Robin, however, remained smug.
Of course, I got out fair and square, he said with a self-satisfied grin.
So, Stella, you owe me an apology.
Otherwise, this wont end here.
Lindsay, silently observing Stellas reaction, quickly connected the dots.
She realized Stella had jumped to the conclusion that Matthew was responsible for Robins release.
Deciding to keep Stella in the dark, Lindsay chose to let the misunderstanding persist.
She cut in, trying to defuse the tension.
Robin, dont escalate things.
Were all family here, so lets not make this more unpleasant than it needs to be.
Stella must have had her reasons to suspect you.
Just be more mindful moving forward to avoid unnecessary conflicts.
Turning to Stella, Lindsay offered a soft, apologetic smile.
Stella, Im really sorry.
Robin can be a bit impulsive, but please dont take it to heart.
Lets forgive him this once, okay? Bella, unable to hold back her frustration any Longer, snapped, This is outrageous! Youre all being unreasonable, yet somehow its Stella whos at fault? How is this even remotely fair? Betsey, unwilling to stay silent after Bellas outburst, stepped in to defend Robin.
Robin was wrongfully accused from the start! Now that hes cleared, whats so wrong about him demanding justice? You shouldnt be interfering in this.
The argument spiraled out of control, with voices rising and everyone talking over one another.
The scene was pure chaos.
Bella, already breathless with indignation, grew visibly pale.
Her breathing turned shallow, and she stumbled, nearly fainting.
Seeing this, Stella immediately abandoned the argument and rushed to her mothers side, cradling her as Alissa frantically reached for her phone to call an ambulance.
Betsey, noticing Bellas condition, shifted uneasily. Still, she muttered under her breath, Is she faking it to get sympathy? Stellas head snapped up, her glare sharp and unrelenting.
Fury burned in her eyes as she turned to Matthew, her voice trembling with both anger and disappointment.
Matthew, do you think this is my fault too? Matthew met her gaze, his expression conflicted.
His heart ached, but he forced himself to keep his tone calm and measured.
This isnt about blame, Stella.
Its the polices decision, and we have to respect it.
Stella listened, letting out a couple of bitter laughs.
The disappointment in her eyes deepened as she said coldly, Alright, if thats how it is, Ill keep digging into Robins issue.
The truth has to come out, and I refuse to let those in power smother it.
With a resolute turn, she took Bellas arm and guided her toward the parking lot, without looking back.
Her eyes were filled with disappointment toward Matthew.
Stella and Alissa held Bella between them, rushing toward their car.
Bellas energy was waning fast, so they had to put in considerable effort to keep her upright.
###chapter2331
As they moved, Bella gasped for air.
Stella looked concerned as she reassured her softly, Mom, just relax.
Were almost at the car.
Alissa added anxiously, Hang in there, Bella.
Youre scaring us.
Matthew watched them leave, feeling a pang in his heart.
He felt the urge to chase after them.
But he barely moved a step when Lindsay grabbed his wrist firmly, stopping him in his tracks.
With a pained expression, Lindsay said, Matthew, Im suddenly having terrible chest pains.
Can you stay with me? Matthew halted, gave her an intense stare, and then asked, Are you really hurting? There was a discernible trace of suspicion in his eyes, as if he were trying to peer into her thoughts.
Flustered, Lindsay couldnt hold his gaze. Her eyes flickered around, filled with anxiety, as she struggled to come up with a reply.
Robin, noticing the escalating tension, blurted out, Its all because of that wretched Stella.
Anyone would be upset after hearing what she just said.
Matthew turned a frosty gaze on him, his eyes sharp as daggers.
Robin shuddered, stumbling over his words.
I… I was just speaking the truth.
Then Robin clamped up, too intimidated to say more.
Matthew dismissed Robins comment and tried again to catch up to Stella, but by then, she and the others were already out of sight.
Lindsay sensed Matthews frustration but was relieved that Stella was gone.
She feigned concern, tugging at Matthews sleeve with a hint of grievance in her eyes.
Matthew, I think you should go clear things up with Stella, Ill be fine going home with my family.
Dont worry about me.
Matthews brow creased slightly as he offered, Ill drive you home.
If youre still feeling unwell, well head to the hospital.
Lindsay quickly declined, shaking her head, No need, Matthew.
My breathing has improved.
I was probably just startled earlier.
Im alright now.
Without further comment, Matthew wheeled her to his car, paying no mind to Leona, Betsey, and Robin.
Leona, having accomplished her goal of acquiring the property she wanted, had no desire to linger.
She, along with Betsey and Robin, left in another car.
After dropping Lindsay off at her place, Matthew excused himself, claiming he needed to attend to work at the office as a reason to avoid staying longer. Lindsay had a hunch that Matthew might be going to see Stella, but she was well aware of Stellas defiant nature.
If Matthew went to meet Stella now, it could likely lead to a heated argument, which would only make Matthew more frustrated with Stella.
Therefore, Lindsay chose not to press him to stay.
Once back in his car, Matthew took his phone and dialed Fernandos number.
With a serious tone, he said, Fernando, I need you to investigate who released Robin and confirm if hes truly behind the chandelier incident.
We cant let this matter slide.
Fernando replied with swift assurance, Alright, Mr.
Clark, Ill address it immediately.
Before Matthew ended their conversation, he added one more task.
And please get the contract ready for transferring the last commercial space on Frost Avenue to Lindsay.
Fernando, though slightly taken aback, simply responded, Understood.
###chapter2332
Matthew hung up and found himself gazing at the phone screen that bore Stellas name.
The image of her earlier disappointed look lingered in his mind, piercing his heart like a sharp blade and weighing it down with sadness.
The depth of emotion Stella stirred in him baffled Matthew.
His memories of her were as blank as an unwritten book, yet the sight of her distress seemed to twist his heart with an invisible grip, leaving him swathed in confusion and distress.
Elsewhere, Bella, leaning on Stella and Alissa for support, settled into the car, her emotions swirling.
Upon arriving home, concern etched her face as she turned to Stella and asked, Has Matthew been treating you this way recently? He wasnt like this in the past.
Alissa echoed the concern, her eyes clouded with worry.
Stella, please dont keep things from us.
If Matthew is mistreating you, well stand by you.
A wave of gratitude washed over Stella, and she managed a reassuring smile.
Thank you, but honestly, its nothing.
Conflict is just a part of any relationship. Well sort it out ourselves.
Bellas frown deepened, her resolve hardening.
I appreciate that Lindsay helped Matthew, and for that, we owe her thanks, but her family shouldnt be stirring up trouble.
What do the Clark family elders think of Lindsay? Surely, they wouldnt allow the Wheeler family to bully you like this.
Stella responded honestly, When the Wheelers came to the Clark family home today, they had an argument with Lucia.
Both Lucia and Waldo are principled and wont bend their values for Lindsay or anyone else.
Hearing that, Bella felt a flicker of reassurance.
However, memories of Matthews recent behavior clouded her thoughts.
She turned to Stella with a concerned look and asked, When will Matthews memory come back? What if he never returns to how he was? Stella considered the latest test results, and Cordell had yet to update them about the arrangement of the surgery.
With a forced smile that couldnt hide the sadness in her eyes, she replied, Mom, weve both been through the ordeal of losing our memories.
Look at us; neither has fully recovered yet.
I doubt Matthews recovery will be swift, especially with his upcoming surgery.
The outlook isnt very hopeful.
Bellas frown deepened, her voice tinged with indignation.
But ever since he lost his memory, Matthew has been like a completely different person.
While everyone is sympathetic, if he continues this way, it will really dishearten those who care about him.
Stella bowed her head, enveloped in silence once more.
Indeed, she felt disheartened and frequently found herself grappling with her feelings toward Matthew, struggling to empathize with him.
This internal conflict was a source of profound pain.
Bella was about to say more, but Alissa gently tugged at her arm, a silent plea to consider Stellas fragile emotional state.
Bella observed Stellas downcast expression, sighed softly, and reached out to gently touch her hand.
It pains me to see you shoulder so much burden while Matthew is like this.
Stella raised her eyes, a spark of determination flickering within them.
If I were the one who had forgotten everything, Im certain Matthew would stand by my side, through thick and thin.
So, Ill do no less for him during this trying time. As Stellas words echoed in the quiet, her phone suddenly rang, pulling her abruptly from her resolve.
She glanced at the screen to see Matthew calling.
Bella and Alissa noticed the caller ID as well, and Alissa quickly chimed in, Answer it, Stella.
Maybe Matthew wants to clear the air.
Ill stay with Bella tonight.
You two should have a heart-to-heart.
Try to sort out any misunderstandings as soon as possible.
Without waiting for Stellas reply, Alissa ushered Bella away, giving Stella the space she needed.
The incessant ringing of the phone pulled Stella from her thoughts, leaving her puzzled and slightly on edge.
Why would Matthew call now? Yet, beneath her confusion, a glimmer of hope sparked-could he have justified reasons for defending Lindsay? Holding onto that sliver of hope, Stella pressed the answer button.
Silence stretched between them as the call connected, neither willing to break it.
The quiet was thick, laden with unspoken words.
###chapter2333
Just as Stella considered the possibility that the call was a mistake, Matthews voice, subdued and hesitant, finally pierced the silence.
Hows your mom? Is she okay? Her response was cool, distant.
Shes fine.
Intent on hanging up, her mind a whirlwind of mixed feelings, Stella reached for the end call button.
She wasnt in the mood for explanations or small talk.
Matthew, picking up on her impatience, quickly interjected, Stella, hold on.
Are you back in Prosper Bay yet? Her patience wearing thin, Stella answered tersely, Its late, Matthew.
Im not up for a chat.
Lets continue this tomorrow.
Detecting the frost in her tone, Matthew hastened to clarify, his words tumbling out in urgency. Robin wasnt released by me.
When I got to the station today, the Wheeler family had already picked him up.
When he began to explain, a wave of relief washed over Stella, softening her initial frustration.
Maybe, just maybe, there was a misunderstanding after all.
But as Matthew finished explaining, the flicker of hope that had briefly warmed Stellas heart was brutally snuffed out, plunging her mood into darkness.
She knew the evidence she had provided when sending Robin to the police station was incontrovertible.
There was no way the police would have released him without solid reasons.
Moreover, the Wheeler familys influence had waned; in Seamarsh, they lacked the clout to secure Robins release.
It became clear to her: Matthew was fabricating this story.
Yet, her reply was icy, a simple, I see.
Matthew sensed the skepticism woven through her two words and pressed further.
You dont believe me? Stella inhaled deeply, an effort to steady her swirling emotions.
Seeing is believing.
I saw Robin having dinner with you.
Thats the undeniable truth.
The words were out before she could temper them, and regret washed over her immediately.
She had hoped for a meaningful dialogue, not this sharp exchange.
Feeling as though she were a stranger to herself, driven by raw emotions, Stellas discomfort grew.
Matthews silence on the other end was telling.
With a mix of frustration and resignation, she clenched her jaw and ended the call. Only then did she notice the tears that had begun to fall-a silent testament to the turmoil within.
The following morning, Stella did her utmost to steady her nerves and went to work as if nothing had happened.
The seed planted by Bellas suggestion the night before had taken root, and Stella found herself seriously contemplating the idea of opening a brick-and-mortar store to elevate her brand.
Despite this newfound enthusiasm, the shadows of last nights unsettling events lingered; Stella decided to maintain a cautious distance from Matthew for the time being.
Upon reaching the studio, she wasted no time in scouting for the perfect commercial space nearby.
She meandered through the streets, meticulously examining each potential spot and probing into the leasing terms.
Yet, all morning, the spaces proved either too cramped or poorly situated.
As noon approached, her quest remained fruitless.
Back in the studio, Stella perched hesitantly at her desk.
She remembered a promising spot on Frost Avenue, a property under the Prosperity Groups banner.
###chapter2334
After a moment of contemplation, she rationalized that it was merely a small commercial space and, considering Fernandos role as Matthews reliable right-hand man, he could likely facilitate the deal.
With a resolve, she decided to contact Fernando directly.
Simultaneously, at the headquarters of Prosperity Group, Lindsay and Robin were there to finalize the contract.
Fernando greeted them, explaining, Mr.
Clark is swamped with an important meeting today and couldnt extricate himself, so he sent me to manage things.
I trust this wont be an issue? Lindsay, unsuspecting and amiable, replied with a smile, Of course, thank you, Fernando.
As she reached out to sign, Robin abruptly placed his hand over hers, his action ostensibly considerate yet carrying a veiled ultimatum.
Let me sign it.
Fernando observed the exchange silently, his features momentarily betraying a flicker of disdain.
Lindsay, taken aback, felt her resolve harden. This property was a gift from Matthew; why should she concede it so readily? She attempted to sway Robin.
Robin, isnt whats mine also yours? Were family, after all.
Theres really no need for such stark divisions between us.
Robin, mocking her conciliatory tone, countered, Precisely because were family-why all the drama? Just let me sign the contract.
As their debate intensified, Fernando offered, Perhaps you should take a moment to discuss this further before proceeding? This squabble wont settle anything.
But Robin dismissed him briskly.
Theres nothing left to discuss.
Its just Lindsay hesitating as usual.
She agreed before; now shes stalling.
This contract needs to be signed by me today.
Seizing the pen from Lindsay, he signed with a flamboyant flourish, and then tossed the contract toward Fernando, commanding arrogantly, Hurry this up, and dont waste my time.
Fernando replied with a restrained smile, Very well, Ill handle it without delay.
Lindsays hands balled into fists at her sides, her eyes blazing with fury and betrayal.
In the silence that followed, she seethed internally, damning Robin for his greed and selfishness.
Meanwhile, Robin seemed to relish his victory.
He gave Lindsay a smug look and asked in a patronizing tone, So, are you coming with me, or are you going to linger here waiting for Matthew? Just so you know, hes swamped today and Likely wont spare you a moment.
Fernando chimed in promptly, Indeed, Mr.
Clarks agenda is overflowing.
He wont be available today.
The paperwork for the space should be ready shortly.
Miss Wheeler, perhaps you could take this time to inspect the place and envision the renovations. Realizing there was nothing more to gain from staying, Lindsay swallowed her anger and departed with Robin.
As they exited, Fernandos polite facade fell away, and he prepared to update Matthew on the situation.
Just then, his phone buzzed-it was Stella on the Line.
Fernando was surprised at first, but he answered the call anyway.
They exchanged a few pleasantries, and then after making sure that he wasnt busy, Stella stated her purpose.
Fernando, I wanted to ask about that vacant commercial space on Frost Avenue.
Im thinking of buying it.
What is the situation Like on your end? Fernando felt a ball of dread in the pit of his stomach as he silently lamented his circumstances.
He confirmed that they were thinking about the same commercial space.
Sure enough, it was the same one Lindsay had just signed for.
###chapter2335
Whats wrong? Stella asked after noticing something odd in his tone.
Is it already leased to someone else? If thats the case, then never mind.
Not at all, Mrs.
Clark, Fernando quickly replied.
I… I just need to check with Mr.
Clark first.
Ill get back to you right away.
But Stella didnt really want to bother Matthew with her business matters.
At the same time, she didnt want to make things difficult for Fernando.
Look, if its too complicated, we can just forget about it.
Ill figure something out.
She ended the call with that.
Fernando slowly put his phone down and let out a sigh of frustration. He couldnt help but grumble about this tricky situation he was now in the middle of.
He braced himself and resignedly walked to Matthews office.
Matthew was engrossed in the reports he was reading when Fernando arrived.
Have you settled the transfer to Lindsay? he asked without looking up.
Yes, sir.
The contract has been signed.
Fernando shifted his weight from one foot to another, unsure of how to bring up Stellas interest in the same space.
Just say what you need to say, Matthew said, assuming that Lindsay had made additional requests.
Stop wasting time beating around the bush.
Fernando gathered his courage and said, Mrs.
Clark called just now.
She is also interested in that commercial space.
He watched carefully as Matthew paused and furrowed his brows before turning pensive.
Are there any other suitable spaces available? Matthew finally asked after a long while.
The suitable ones are either rented out or sold, Fernando answered.
There are vacant spots in other areas, but they are quite a distance away, and Mrs.
Clark is looking into having a store close to her studio.
Matthew fell silent again.
Then, he instructed, Try negotiating with our tenants and buyers.
Offer to buy a unit back.
Just make sure to compensate them according to the contract they signed.
He made sure to add, Handle this with the utmost discretion.
Make sure you dont mention my name, or that of the Prosperity Group.
Fernando assumed that Matthew wanted to surprise Stella with the commercial space as a gift, so he readily agreed.
He was just relieved that a solution to his dilemma was in sight.
Then he remembered something else. Mr.
Clark, you might want to know that the property meant for Lindsay was signed under Robins name.
Should I help her handle it? Matthews brows furrowed again, but all he said was, This matter is the Wheeler familys business.
Let them deal with it as they see fit.
Weve done our part, so theres no need to interfere further.
He leaned back in his chair and looked Fernando in the eye.
Did you manage to find out how Robin got released? Fernando told him the truth.
The police refused to disclose the specifics, but they did confirm having received the order to let Robin go.
They sent the message to Leona.
Currently, we find ourselves at a dead end.
The answer lies with the police.
This new information led Matthew to brood for a long time after.
###chapter2336
Fernando leaned forward, musing aloud, Mr.
Clark, could this drama be a clever ruse orchestrated by the Wheeler family? Matthew shook his head firmly.
The Wheelers dont have the pull to orchestrate a show like this with police cooperation.
That said, youd still be wise to dig into their recent contacts-maybe theres a clue waiting to be uncovered.
Meanwhile, Stella turned to Dexter with a decisive air.
I want you to dig into who orchestrated Robins release, she said, her tone leaving no room for debate.
Her thoughts lingered on her conversation with Matthew from the previous night.
Their exchange had left a bitter taste-sharp words and unresolved tension-but despite that, she couldnt entirely dismiss the faith she had in him.
If Matthew had indeed freed Robin and lied to her face, she wouldnt hesitate to sever their bond once and for all.
Not long after, Dexter approached Stella with fresh intel.
Mrs.
Clark, he began, his tone cautious, I discovered that it was Lindsay who pulled the strings for Robins release. Stellas brows shot up in surprise.
Did Matthew put her up to it? Dexter hesitated.
I couldnt trace it that far.
Whoever orchestrated this went to great lengths to stay anonymous.
But anyone capable of influencing the police like that has to be someone with serious clout here in Seamarsh.
A sharp, bitter laugh escaped Stellas lips.
The news only added fuel to her growing doubts about Matthew.
Dexter noticed her reaction and asked tentatively, Should we keep digging? Stella shook her head, her weariness seeping into her voice.
No, dont bother.
If hes hell-bent on keeping this under wraps, let him take it to the grave.
Its his secret to hold, not mine to uncover.
Her words carried a note of finality, though her eyes betrayed a flicker of sadness as she turned to the window.
Her gaze drifted to the world beyond, but her thoughts were miles away, tangled in a web of emotions.
Just then, the sound of a light knock interrupted her reverie.
Doreen stood at the door, a stack of documents clutched tightly in her hands.
Come in, Stella called without turning, her voice steady but distant.
Doreen hesitated for a beat before entering, her face a mixture of nerves and anticipation.
As she stepped into the office, her eyes instinctively darted toward Dexter.
Her expression softened, her shyness almost palpable, and a faint flush crept into her cheeks.
Stella noticed this and couldnt help but chuckle, a mischievous grin tugging at her Lips.
Doreen, hearing Stellas soft laughter, flushed slightly, her cheeks turning a light shade of pink.
A bit flustered, she stammered, Stella, am I interrupting? I just realized its nearly noon.
How about we grab lunch together, or we can order in? With a warm smile, Stella replied, Lets go out for lunch, and Dexter should come along too.
But Ive got some work to wrap up first, so you two can go ahead and place the order.
Dexter, however, didnt seem too enthusiastic. He frowned and quickly declined, No, Im good.
You two go ahead, Im not hungry.
Stellas gaze turned serious as she met Dexters eyes.
Youre here to help us on Bennetts orders.
Even if Im not the one cutting your paycheck, Ive got to say youve been invaluable these past few days.
As the one running things here, its only fair I treat you to a meal.
Dexter opened his mouth to refuse again, but just as he was about to speak, Stellas phone rang, cutting him off.
With a decisive nod, Stella told them, You two go ahead.
Ill catch up with you after I take this call.
Doreen quickly picked up on the hint and said, No problem, take your time.
She then grabbed Dexters hand, leading him out the door.
Stella answered the call-it was Fernando.
###chapter2337
Mrs.
Clark, when would be a good time for you to come by and sign the contract? Fernando asked.
Stella paused for a moment, thinking it over.
How about this afternoon? If that works for you, maybe you could swing by my studio? Fernando, on the other end of the line, deliberately sounded troubled as he said, This might be a bit difficult.
Mr.
Clarks schedule is packed with meetings these days, and I need to assist him here.
If you can wait, I can deliver the contract to your studio once hes done, but I cant guarantee an exact time right now.
Stella hesitated for a few moments.
Thinking it would be better to sign the contract sooner rather than later, she replied, Then ILL go to Prosperity Group.
After Doreen and Dexter left the studio, Dexter shook off Doreens hand.
Caught off guard, Doreen stood awkwardly, her face flushed as she explained, Dexter, I.. I was just too hasty earlier and accidentally grabbed your hand.
Im sorry.
Her heart pounded wildly.
The brief contact had left her palm slightly sweaty, and a mix of nervousness and sweetness lingered, leaving her at a loss.
Dexter glanced at her coldly and said, Lead the way to the restaurant.
Without waiting for a response, he started walking ahead, seemingly unaware of Doreens feelings.
Doreen, wearing high heels, hurried to catch up.
This was her chance to be alone with Dexter, and she wanted to talk to him more.
Distracted by her thoughts, she failed to pay attention to the uneven path.
Suddenly, she twisted her ankle and fell forward, crying out in pain, Ouch! Dexter had already put some distance between them.
Hearing her cry, he looked back with a frown, only to see Doreen crouching on the ground, rubbing her ankle.
He made no move to help her.
After a moment, he said indifferently, Tell me the restaurant address.
You should take care of your ankle first.
Ill go ahead.
No need, Im fine, Doreen quickly refused, trying to stand despite the pain.
I just sprained it a little because I was rushing.
Its nothing.
Doreen gritted her teeth and forced herself to take a few steps, determined to prove she was fine.
But with each step, a sharp pain shot through her ankle, like needles mercilessly stabbing her with every movement.
Tears pricked her eyes, but she quickly blinked them away, refusing to let them fall.
Dexters frown deepened as he watched her futile effort.
With a sigh, he walked over to her, his tone firm but calm as he said, Stop being stubborn.
Im taking you to the hospital. A surge of unexpected joy warmed Doreen at his concern, but the thought of Stellas lunch quickly dampened her excitement.
Just as she was about to protest, her phone buzzed.
Stellas voice came through the line, cheerful but practical.
She mentioned shed be staying in the office for Lunch since she needed to visit Prosperity Group in the afternoon.
Stella suggested that she and Dexter eat together.
Dexter overheard the conversation, and as soon as Doreen hung up, he stepped forward without a word.
His hand supported her gently but securely as he guided her toward the hospital.
By afternoon, sunlight streamed through the glass facade of the Prosperity Group building, casting a golden glow across the floor.
The warm light reflected the vibrancy of the bustling city outside.
Stella arrived right on time, her heels clicking softly against the polished floor of the lobby.
She spotted Fernando waiting for her by the elevators.
###chapter2338
Mrs.
Clark, Fernando greeted warmly, Ive been waiting here for a little while.
Mr.
Clark instructed me to escort you up using the private elevator.
Stella frowned slightly and shook her head, politely declining.
No, thank you.
Im here as a client today, so it wouldnt be appropriate to use the CEOs private elevator.
With that, she pressed the button for the regular elevator, her demeanor calm and composed.
Fernando hesitated for a moment before reluctantly following her.
His mind raced with unease as he walked behind her, secretly speculating whether Stella and Matthew had had a disagreement.
If Stella were to discover that the commercial space she had set her sights on had been handed over to Lindsay by Matthew, things could escalate quickly.
The thought made his head ache.
He inwardly sighed, lamenting the potential trouble brewing beneath the surface. The elevator doors opened soon.
Fernando had originally wanted to arrange for Stella and Matthew to bump into each other by chance, but with things unfolding this way, he wasnt ready to make any calls alone.
So, he guided Stella into a nearby conference room.
He said to Stella, Mrs.
Clark, please stay here for a while.
Ill grab the contract for you.
Stella gave a simple nod, signaling her understanding.
Fernando, thinking Stella might need something to drink while she waited, suggested, Mrs.
Clark, I can get you a glass of water.
Stella waved her hand, her expression unimpressed.
Theres no need.
You go ahead and handle the contract.
I know my way around Prosperity Group; I can fetch water if I need it.
With that, they both exited the conference room, one right after the other.
Stella walked toward the break room.
As she was about to open the door, she caught a snippet of a conversation from inside, where Lindsays name was mentioned.
Did you hear about Lindsay? Shes so fortunate.
Despite losing her ability to walk, she managed to secure a life of luxury, all thanks to Mr.
Clark.
Its a deal anyone would envy.
Right? I heard she came here with a man this morning.
When she left, she was holding a contract.
Mr.
Clark mustve given her something good again.
Its the kind of life most people would envy.
Im so jealous. The words made Stellas heart race.
She was eager to hear more but then noticed footsteps drawing closer from inside as if the conversation was about to end.
Without a second thought, she stepped to the side, pressing herself against the wall, and holding her breath.
Once the coast was clear and they had passed, she lingered, lost in thought.
What kind of partnership could Matthew and Lindsay possibly have? Was it connected to the Wheeler family in some way? Stella was lost in her thoughts when Fernando suddenly appeared.
He looked at her, puzzled, and asked, Mrs.
Clark, what are you doing here? Stella quickly gathered her thoughts and answered, Oh, I just received a call and was about to grab some water.
Fernando, unaware of anything unusual, said, In that case, please go back to the conference room.
Ive left the contract there.
Ill bring you the water and join you in a moment.
Stella gave a nod, not ing any further, and made her way toward the conference room.
Once inside, she began to carefully go through the contract.
###chapter2339
After some time, Fernando returned to find Stella still engrossed in the contract.
He cleared his throat and said, If everything looks alright, you can go ahead and sign it.
Stella paused, her brow furrowed as she noticed something.
This address doesnt match the commercial space I requested, and it seems like this ones already been taken.
Whats going on here? Fernandos heart raced, but he stayed calm.
He didnt want to reveal too much, fearing it might only lead to more questions.
Instead, he quickly shifted focus to the advantages of the new location.
I understand, but even though this spot isnt the exact one you had in mind, the area is still ideal.
Theres heavy foot traffic, and transportation is convenient.
Its perfect for your business.
You might want to consider that.
Stella still felt something was off, but Fernandos reasoning seemed reasonable enough, and she was convinced. Reaching for the pen, she signed her name and started to stand up, ready to leave.
Just as she was about to head out, Fernando called her name.
Fernandos face showed concern as he said, Mr.
Clark has been working nonstop all day, skipping meals.
Im really worried about his health if this continues.
Stellas brow furrowed ever so slightly at his words.
She replied coolly, Thats your job to manage, not mine.
Im no longer involved with him, so I dont see why I should step in.
Hearing Stellas words, Fernando became even more convinced that there was a rift between her and Matthew.
Desperately, he pleaded, Please, give me a break.
We used to be colleagues, after all.
How can you just stand by and do nothing? Just this once, help me deliver the meal.
Stella initially wanted to refuse, her resolve firm, but worry for Matthews health gnawed at her.
Under Fernandos persistent persuasion, she reluctantly gave in.
Taking the meal from Fernando, Stella walked to Matthews office door.
She took a deep breath, knocked, and pushed the door open.
Without saying a word, she placed the meal on the table.
Assuming it was Fernando, Matthew didnt bother to look up.
Irritated, he snapped, Get out.
I have no appetite.
When no response came, he impatiently looked up.
His gaze softened the moment he saw Stella, and for a brief second, a flicker of joy lit his eyes.
Before he could say anything, Stella spoke coldly.
Youre old enough to know better than to skip meals.
If you end up in the hospital with a stomachache, itll be Fernando who suffers-and your grandparents will worry too. The warmth in Matthews heart quickly faded.
His expression darkened, and with a hint of defiance, he retorted, What does it matter to you whether I eat or not? I dont need you pretending to care.
Stella, still upset over last nights events, felt her anger flare at his obstinance.
Her voice was icy as she snapped, Fine, do whatever you want! She turned sharply and made for the door.
But just as she opened it a crack, Matthew darted over, slammed it shut, and locked it with swift determination.
Furious, Stella spun around, glaring at him.
Her voice was sharp as she demanded, What do you want? Matthew knew Stella would be coming by that afternoon to sign a contract.
He had planned to use the opportunity to mend the strained tension between them, but things hadnt gone as hed hoped, leaving him simmering with frustration.
Stella, unwilling to engage in any further argument, tried to push past him to leave.
However, Matthew caught her wrists, his grip firm yet gentle.
He lifted her hands and pressed them lightly against the door.
Then, he leaned in slowly, the space between them shrinking with every passing second.
Panic flared in Stellas chest, and she shouted, Let go of me! as she began to struggle fiercely against his hold 
###chapter2340
Suddenly, without warning, Matthew lowered his head and captured her lips in a kiss. The kiss was commanding, filled with intensity, as though he was pouring every pent-up emotion into it.
Stella's eyes widened in shock, her mind going blank from the unexpectedness of it all. As moments passed, the kiss began to soften. It became less forceful, more tender — almost as if he was soothing her, or perhaps exposing the vulnerability of his deepest feelings.
Caught off guard, Stella found herself momentarily lost in the moment, and Matthew seized the chance to deepen the kiss. His lips brushed gently against hers as they shared an intimate connection.
Stella could feel his breath, warm and steady, and the familiar scent of him sent her heartbeat racing. A wave of emotion swept through her body, and before she realized it, her hands instinctively clutched the fabric of Matthew's shirt.
Just as they were lost in the intensity of the moment, Fernando's voice echoed from outside the door, breaking the spell. "Mr. Clark, the meeting starts in three minutes."
Reality came crashing back to Stella. Her eyes widened as she abruptly pulled herself out of the haze. She pushed Matthew away gently, her face turning sharply to the side to avoid his gaze.
Matthew stared at Stella, surprised by the kiss they had just shared. He hadn't expected his own impulsive action, but what surprised him more was that he didn't mind the kiss. In fact, a part of him didn't want it to end.
"Let's stop fighting, okay?" he said suddenly, his voice softer than usual.
Stella felt her face heat up, her cheeks burning. But despite the rush of emotions, her mind had already cleared. She couldn't ignore the unresolved issues between them. If they didn't address their problems, more fights would follow.
Taking a deep breath, she steadied herself. "You should go to the meeting. Don't delay Fernando's work."
Matthew frowned, confused. To him, the kiss meant they had already made up. But after a pause, he nodded. "I'll come see you after work. Let's talk over dinner."
"Okay," Stella replied quietly and walked out of the office, leaving Matthew behind.
Outside, Fernando waited by the door. He noticed Stella's expression immediately and quickly looked away, feeling awkward but secretly pleased. If they were making up, his life would get easier.
His relief was short-lived as Matthew stepped out with his usual cold expression. "Let's go to the meeting," he said sharply, walking ahead without looking back.
Back in her car, Stella's thoughts kept returning to the kiss. For the first time in a while, she felt warmth between her and Matthew. Maybe his memory was improving, she thought, and with it, his feelings toward her. She didn't want him to go through with the surgery. It was too risky.
She decided to prepare herself for their talk that evening, hoping they could finally clear the air and rebuild their relationship.

###chapter2341
Feeling optimistic, she started her car and drove off, her mood lighter than it had been in days.
As Stella crossed an intersection, a car sped toward her out of nowhere.
She slammed on the brakes, but it was too late.
The impact was loud and jarring, the force throwing her forward against the seatbelt.
For a moment, she sat frozen, her heart pounding as she tried to process what had just happened.
She knew it wasnt her fault.
The other car had recklessly charged out.
Furious, Stella opened the car door and got out.
The driver of the other car quickly got out, his face pale and panicked.
Im so sorry, he said, his words rushed.
Theres an elderly man in my car and hes having a severe asthma attack.
I was rushing him to the hospital.
We can discuss how to handle this later.
Stellas anger vanished.
Alright.
Take him to the hospital, she said quickly. Saving a life comes first.
The driver looked at Stella with visible relief in his eyes.
Thank you so much, he said earnestly, his gratitude apparent in every word.
He turned to return to his car but stopped abruptly, a frown creasing his face as he inspected the damage.
Oh no, he muttered, his voice laced with worry.
The cars damaged.
It wont start.
He hesitated before turning back to her, a mix of urgency and desperation on his face.
Miss, could you please take the elderly gentleman to the hospital? he pleaded.
Please, rest assured-well make sure to thank you properly later.
Stella didnt hesitate for a moment.
Recognizing the seriousness of the situation, she nodded firmly.
Of course.
Quickly, get him into my car.
Without wasting time, the driver carefully helped the elderly man, who was none other than Declan, out of his vehicle.
As the frail figure leaned on him, Stella moved to open her cars door.
Stella ignited the engine and raced toward the nearest hospital with urgency.
Mercifully, the hospital was merely minutes away.
Before long, they screeched to a halt at the entrance, poised for action.
Medical staff quickly ushered Declan into the emergency room for prompt attention.
Meanwhile, the driver, drenched jin relief, approached Stella, his gratitude palpable.
Miss, thank you profoundly.
Without your swift action, the situation could have been dire.
Nonchalantly, Stella waved off the accolade.
Oh, its merely what anyone should do.
I should be going now.
The driver intercepted her departure with a worried tone.
Miss, could you perhaps linger a while longer? It would mean a lot if you stayed until he regains consciousness.
If he awakens to find you gone, the blame might fall on me.
Moved by his earnest request, Stella conceded, resolving to wait.
It was at that moment the doctor returned, supporting Declan at his side.
He addressed the driver with a stern note of advice. He suffered an asthma attack, which is part of his chronic condition.
Be vigilant with the small details-theyre crucial in preventing such episodes.
Acknowledging the doctors instructions, the driver nodded with renewed understanding.
Absolutely, thank you for your guidance.
With the doctor departed, the driver turned to Declan, gesturing toward Stella.
Sir, we are immensely indebted to this lady.
She brought you to safety just in time.
Meeting Stellas gaze, Declans eyes brimmed with appreciation.
Miss, your beauty is matched only by your generosity.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
A faint blush tinted Stellas cheeks as she smiled.
Im just glad to see youre alright.
Are you feeling better? Can I offer you a lift home? Declan raised his hand in polite refusal.
Thats very kind, but no, thank you.
My grandson should be here shortly.
###chapter2342
He glanced beyond Stella and brightened.
Ah, there he is.
Turning, Stellas eyes widened in surprise at the sight of Sanford.
Sanford, equally astonished, had not anticipated encountering Stella at the hospital.
Recovering quickly, Stella greeted him, Sanford, so good to see you.
Is this distinguished gentleman your grandfather? Recalling Bennetts remarks about Sanfords modest circumstances and her fathers financial aid for Sanfords studies, she found the presence of a personal driver curious.
Sanfords grandfathers apparent means stood in stark contrast to the story of dependency she had heard.
With a scrutinizing look, Stella examined Sanford more closely.
Sanford was visibly unsettled, wrestling with the uncertainty of what Declan and Stella might have shared.
His anxiety about potentially being unmasked silenced him.
Observing Sanfords sudden reticence, Declan let out a warm chuckle and began to explain, You see, hes not my biological grandson. Im just a lone elder with no kin of my own.
It was during an asthma attack at a bustling auction a few years back that I first crossed paths with Sanford.
He stood out as a genuinely honorable young man, and since then, Ive thought of him as a grandson who occasionally helps look after me.
Stellas previous suspicions about Sanford faded, replaced by a slight remorse for having doubted his integrity.
She offered a sheepish smile and replied, I understand now.
Sanford never mentioned this, and I nearly misjudged him.
Playing the innocent, Declan inquired with a twinkle in his eye, Oh? So, you two are familiar with each other? Stella nodded.
Yes, were friends.
Hes remarkably talented in design, and our collaboration on several projects has allowed us to build a strong rapport.
Declans eyes crinkled with mirth as he said, Ah, so youre the Stella that Sanford speaks so highly of.
Stella was caught off guard.
She hadnt expected Declan to say something like that so abruptly.
Sanford quickly stepped in, his tone carrying a hint of irritation as he addressed Declan.
Pease stop.
Declan chuckled lightly.
Whats wrong? Are you shy? If you keep pursuing her so timidly, when will you ever win her over? Stella waved her hands hastily, her voice tinged with urgency.
Im sorry, but youve misunderstood.
Im already married.
Sanford and I are just friends.
Declans expression shifted noticeably.
The hope in his eyes dimmed, leaving behind a shadow of disappointment, as if his expectations had been dashed in an instant.
An overwhelming sense of awkwardness settled over Stella, the air around her feeling thick and suffocating. She wished she could vanish on the spot.
Breaking the tense silence, she managed to say, Well.
I should get going.
Please take care.
Declan spoke up quickly, his voice tinged with sincerity.
Miss, youve been a great help today.
Id like to invite you to dinner as a token of gratitude and to apologize for my earlier remarks.
Stella gave him a polite smile and declined graciously, saying, Theres no need.
Youre far too kind.
It was just a small favor, and I have some matters to attend to, so I really must go.
Declan seemed ready to press further, but Sanford interjected before he could.
###chapter2343
Subconsciously, Sanford didnt want Declan to engage too much with Stella.
He spoke swiftly.
Stella is busy with work, Ill see her out.
Without waiting for a response, he took Stella by the hand and briskly led her away.
Sanfords pace was so quick that Stella found herself nearly jogging to keep up.
He kept holding her hand as they headed toward the elevator.
As they stood waiting for the elevator, Stella, feeling the growing awkwardness, gently reminded him, Sanford, you can let go now.
It was only then that Sanford realized he was still holding her hand.
His cheeks flushed slightly as he quickly released it.
You should go back to that elderly gentleman, Stella said softly. Im fine and can manage on my own.
Its best not to leave him alone after his asthma attack.
Sanford opened his mouth as if to respond, but after a brief hesitation, he asked instead, How did you..
happen to meet my grandfather? There was a faint awkwardness in his tone when he mentioned the word grandfather, but Stella didnt seem to notice.
She simply explained, There was a minor accident on the road earlier.
His car broke down, and he had a health issue, so I brought them here.
Hearing this, Sanfords expression shifted to one of concern.
Were you hurt? Stella shook her head reassuringly.
No, it was just a small collision between two cars.
Luckily, both vehicles are sturdy, so nothing serious happened.
After speaking, she gently urged Sanford to return.
Just as the elevator arrived, Sanford hesitated for a moment before offering her some advice.
He has a rather quirky personality.
If he tries to contact you again, please call me.
Its best to keep your interactions with him to a minimum, okay? Although Stella found his words a bit odd, she nodded with a polite smile.
Alright, I understand.
You should head back now.
The elevator doors slid open, and Stella stepped inside.
Sanford watched her until the doors closed before turning to leave.
Not far away, Lindsay sat in her wheelchair, quietly scrolling through the photos she had just taken on her phone.
A smug smile tugged at her lips as she reviewed her handiwork.
One photo showed Stella and Sanford holding hands, their expressions unreadable yet intimate. Another captured them standing close together in front of the elevator, the angle making them appear undeniably familiar.
Lindsay was quite pleased with the two photos.
She had visited the hospital today as part of Ronans recovery plan.
Wanting to keep her real condition a secret, she came alone and hadnt anticipated such a significant success.
Lindsay anonymously sent the photos to the media, and then slipped her phone back into her bag, a satisfied smile curling her lips.
Her eyes gleamed with a cunning, scheming light.
Meanwhile, Sanford returned to the examination room.
Declan, who had previously appeared weak and amiable in Stellas presence, now bore a serious, calculating expression.
His gaze was deep and unreadable, exuding an air of shrewdness.
Seeing this transformation, Sanford felt a surge of anger and demanded bluntly, What exactly are you trying to do? If Stella starts suspecting anything, all my hard work will be ruined.
###chapter2344
Declan, however, dismissed his concern with a wave of his hand.
Im just helping you move things along.
Dont be ungrateful.
I wont touch Stella for now, but if I dont get the results I want, Ill handle matters my way.
Sanford, well aware of Declans ruthless methods, wrestled with anger and apprehension.
Suppressing his frustration, he urged, You need to leave immediately.
Its far too risky for you to be seen here.
If anyone finds out, were both finished.
Declan let out a cold laugh as he stood, his demeanor indifferent.
Relax. You dont need to worry about me.
Just make sure you deliver what I want-and sooner rather than later.
With that, Declan brushed past Sanford and left without so much as a backward glance.
Sanfords anxiety deepened as he watched Declans figure disappear down the corridor.
He tugged at his tie in frustration, his thoughts spiraling with images of Stella in potential danger.
A wave of restlessness crashed over him, tightening his chest with unease.
Sanford slammed his fist against the wall with a resounding bang, the sound echoing down the empty hallway.
It was a futile attempt to release the fury and frustration boiling inside him.
Meanwhile, Stella left the hospital and headed straight for her car.
As she approached, her eyes caught a dent on the front bumper.
She inspected it closely, relieved to find that aside from the slight blemish on its appearance, there didnt seem to be any serious damage.
Silently grateful, she got in and drove back to the studio.
When she arrived, Stella noticed Doreens desk was empty.
A colleague nearby mentioned that Doreen had taken a three-hour leave.
Stella couldnt help but smile to herself, guessing that Doreen was likely out on a date with Dexter.
However, when Stella returned to her office, she was startled to see Doreen sitting in a chair, her ankle heavily bandaged and visibly swollen.
Frowning with concern, Stella approached her and asked, Doreen, what happened? Doreen sighed, her expression helpless and dejected.
I twisted my ankle by accident, she explained.
I just got back from the hospital.
I dont know what kind of luck I have-ugh, its just rotten! Stella had originally planned to ask Doreen to take her car in for repairs, but seeing her in such a state, she quickly abandoned the idea. Doreen, she said gently, if its hard for you to move around, just work from home for now.
Dont push yourself to come to the office.
Then, as a thought crossed her mind, Stella asked, By the way, wheres Dexter? Didnt he come back with you? At the mention of Dexter, Doreens face fell even further.
Remembering how he had been avoiding her earlier, she replied gloomily, Dexter dropped me off at the studio entrance and left without even staying a moment longer.
Stella could sense Doreens affection for Dexter and wished to offer her some comfort.
But, she understood that love was a very personal experience and only those directly involved could truly understand it.
She gave Doreen a knowing nod and walked toward her desk.
Just then, Doreen called out to her.
Stella, have you… Have you been to the hospital? Stella halted and asked in confusion, What made you suddenly ask that? Yes, I went to the hospital, but it was due to a small mishap along the way where I helped an elderly person.
###chapter2345
Doreen was about to shut down her laptop and head home for some much -needed rest when a news notification caught her eye.
Once she saw Stellas name, she impulsively clicked on the alert, leading her to an article written by a tabloid journalist.
Doreen pointed to her laptop screen and told Stella, Look, the journalists caught you and Sanford at the hospital, and… and they took pictures of you both holding hands.
Upon hearing this, Stella frowned deeply and quickly moved to see Doreens screen.
The images were zoomed in, clearly displaying both her and Sanfords faces, with Sanford gripping her hand.
The scene indeed looked quite intimate.
Although Doreen didnt believe Stella would fall for someone else, the provocative headlines and contents made her question whether Stella might have feelings for Sanford.
Stella and Matthews relationship had been rocky lately, and Sanford had been showing her attention.
It seemed natural to Doreen that Stella might be moved by this.
Stellas expression darkened as she took in the content of the photos. She was dismayed that a mere hospital visit had drawn media attention.
It was really unfortunate.
Seeing Stella remain silent, Doreen gently suggested, Should we reach out to the media to have them take down the article? Its spreading rapidly online, and the images are being circulated as proof.
It seems everyone is taking the rumors at face value.
Stella clenched her jaw and said, Ill try contacting them.
With that, Stella turned and walked briskly to her desk.
She picked up the phone and dialed the number of the media outlet that had initially published the news.
However, the call abruptly ended after just a single ring.
Overwhelmed with anger, Stella trembled, feeling a headache surge through her.
She collapsed into her chair and took deep breaths to suppress her mounting fury.
Just then, her phone buzzed.
It was Sanford calling.
Over the phone, he reassured her.
Stella, dont stress over it.
Ive seen the news.
Ill issue a statement to clarify things for you.
Disheartened, Stella responded, Forget it.
People will cling to their beliefs regardless.
No explanation from us will change their minds.
Sanford quickly reassured her, saying, Dont stress about this.
I take responsibility for todays mishap.
Ill take care of it. After hanging up, Sanford was initially determined to quash the trending topic right away to limit the incidents impact.
However, remembering Declans earlier advice, he opted to let the online chatter persist for a bit longer, hoping it might strain the relationship between Matthew and Stella.
Then, he would step in to clear the air.
Meanwhile, Matthew was caught up in a long and dreary meeting that lasted until the evening.
During the meeting, both Matthew and Fernando remained entirely focused on work, leaving no opportunity to check their phones.
As Matthew stepped out of the conference room, he immediately noticed the strange way everyone was looking at him.
Their gazes carried a mix of curiosity, sympathy, and an indescribable unease.
However, whenever Matthew returned their stares, they quickly averted their eyes, as though they had all silently agreed to avoid his scrutiny.
The behavior stirred an inexplicable wave of anxiety within him.
Frowning slightly, Matthew chose to say nothing and walked straight to his office.
###chapter2346
Fernando, following close behind, was about to enter the office with Matthew but was stopped by another assistant.
Looking visibly anxious, the assistant whispered, Somethings happened.
Theres breaking news online.
He quickly operated his phone and handed it to Fernando, showing him a photo that was already open.
Fernando took one glance at the image and inwardly cursed.
Damn it! His expression darkened as he snapped at the assistant, Why hasnt the PR department removed this false news immediately? Are you waiting for Mr.
Clark to see it? What on earth are you doing about this? The assistant, looking aggrieved, hurriedly defended himself, saying, Without your orders, how could I dare make decisions on my own? Besides, look at this photo.
It seems so real.
What if- Before he could finish, Fernando cut him off sharply.
Watch your words! Dont speculate about the bosss private life.
Handle matters like this immediately in the future.
Is that clear? With that, Fernando hurried into the office. As soon as Matthew entered his office, he picked up his phone, mentally preparing himself to call Stella.
As Fernando entered the room, Matthew didnt even glance up.
His tone was calm but firm.
Fernando, organize the meeting notes, and then take the rest of the day off.
I have some personal matters to attend to tonight.
Fernando acknowledged the instruction but hesitated before speaking.
Mr.
Clark, theres some false gossip circulating online about Mrs.
Clark.
Matthews expression darkened instantly.
He lifted his gaze, his cold eyes locking on Fernando.
Be specific.
Whats going on? Fernando hesitated, clearly struggling to find the right words.
In the end, he silently handed his phone to Matthew.
Taking the phone, Matthew scanned the screen.
His expression grew grimmer with each passing second, the anger in his eyes flickering like a fire threatening to rage.
Sensing the rising tension, Fernando quickly said, Mrs.
Clark probably hasnt seen this nonsense yet, which is why its been trending all afternoon.
Ill contact the PR department to remove the post immediately and issue a statement under Prosperity Groups name to clear up the rumors.
Despite Fernandos reassurances, Matthew remained silent, his sharp features unreadable.
It was clear he was deep in thought, weighing his next move.
Fernandos heart pounded with anxiety.
He wanted to say more, to convince Matthew to act quickly, but he didnt dare to interrupt his bosss contemplation.
All he could do was wait nervously, the silence stretching like a taut string ready to snap. After what felt like an eternity, Matthew finally moved.
With a sharp motion, he slammed the phone onto the desk, his voice cold and steady.
Theres no need to clarify under the companys name.
Ill handle this myself.
Fernando acknowledged, grabbed his phone, and left the office.
Left alone, Matthew sank into his chair, his expression unreadable.
He powered on his computer and logged into a long-dormant social media account.
His fingers danced over the keyboard with precision, the screen illuminating his grim determination.
Once he finished typing, he hit post, logged out immediately, and shut down the computer with finality.
An intense anger churned within him, heating his blood.
Yet, beneath the fury, a fragile sliver of hope lingereda faint belief that this might all be a deliberate misrepresentation by the media or the handiwork of someone intent on creating discord between him and Stella.
He forced himself to quell the storm raging inside, his resolve firm.
###chapter2347
When he saw Stella later, he would confront her directly and demand the truth.
After her conversation with Sanford, where he promised to take care of the rumors, Stella went back to working on her design sketches.
However, a wave of tiredness soon hit her.
She had been feeling unusually drained lately, so she decided to rest her eyes for a bit.
When she finally woke up, the day had already slipped into the evening.
Glancing at her phone, she noticed that the trending topic had disappeared, and the two photos were nowhere to be seen.
A post from Matthew caught her eye; it had been sent just ten minutes earlier.
The message read, Fake news. Accountability pursued.
Stella hadnt anticipated that Matthew would come across the news.
Instantly, a wave of unease washed over her.
She feared that their fragile relationship, recently improved, might be on the verge of another break.
Sitting on the sofa, her brow furrowed as_ she struggled to figure out how to explain everything to Matthew.
At that moment, a knock echoed from the door.
It was a new designer from the studio, calling from the other side, Stella, theres a man outside looking for you.
Should I let him in? Stella assumed it was Matthew at the door, so she said, Let him in.
She spoke quickly, and then rushed to fix her slightly messy hair before walking toward the door.
But when it opened, it was Sanford standing there.
Surprised, Stella blinked and asked, What are you doing here? Sanford raised an eyebrow, his voice steady as he replied, Whats the matter? It seems like you didnt expect me or didnt want me here.
He frowned slightly, his face showing a hint of concern before he added, Is it the news online thats bothering you? Are you afraid that being seen with me might make things worse, and youre trying to keep a distance from me? Stella quickly shook her head, her words stumbling out as she said, No… I… I didnt mean… A wave of panic hit her, leaving her flustered and unsure of how to explain herself.
What bothered her most was the thought that if Matthew showed up and found Sanford there, it might spark another misunderstanding.
The thought made her head spin with worry.
Sanford, on the other hand, appeared to relax, a faint smile tugging at his lips.
Im glad thats not the issue. I thought you might be angry with me because of this.
Feeling a rush of anxiety, Stella quickly asked, Is there anything else? If not, I really need to step out for a moment.
Sanford glanced at her, a flicker of disappointment crossing his face, but he replied, I thought maybe we could have dinner together, but if youre busy, we can do it some other time.
Stella gave a quick nod, grabbed her bag, and moved toward the front door.
Sanford walked beside her, keeping pace as he asked, By the way, is everything okay with your car after the minor collision? The old mans car is already at the shop for repairs, so if your car isnt working, I can give you a ride.
Stella quickly shook her head and said, Theres no need, thank you.
My cars fine.
Without another word, she instinctively picked up her pace.
###chapter2348
Just as she stepped out of the studio, Stella spotted Matthew getting out of his car.
A wave of panic rushed through Stella, making her heart race.
The moment Matthew closed his car door, his eyes landed on Sanford standing beside Stella.
His face instantly darkened, anger flashing in his gaze.
Sanford looked at Stella and whispered, Did you plan to meet Matthew? He seems really upset.
Do you think he misunderstood something? Should I talk to him and clear things up, so you two dont end up arguing again? Matthew watched as Sanford and Stella leaned in, whispering to each other.
The images he had seen online flooded his mind, igniting a storm of anger within him. Without a word, he stormed forward and landed a punch square on Sanfords face.
Caught off guard, Sanford staggered back, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth.
His own temper flared, and without hesitation, he swung back at Matthew.
The confrontation erupted so quickly that Stella stood frozen in shock.
It was the first time she had ever seen Matthew resort to violence, leaving her stunned for several seconds before she could process what was happening.
By the time she regained her composure, Matthew and Sanford were already locked in a fierce fight, exchanging punches with no signs of stopping.
Anxious and desperate to intervene, Stella searched for an opening but found none.
The brawl was too intense, and her mind raced with worry.
What if the paparazzi were nearby, ready to snap photos and spin the situation into another scandalous headline? Like CEO of Prosperity Group Caught in Public Brawl.
Adding to her distress, Matthew still hadnt fully recovered from his previous head injury.
What if this fight made it worse? Stop it! Both of you! Stella shouted desperately, her voice trembling with frustration.
But the two men, entirely consumed by their anger, paid her no attention.
Finally, in a fleeting moment of separation, Stella seized the opportunity.
She rushed between them, placing herself firmly in the middle.
Both Matthew and Sanford, fists raised for another blow, froze when they saw her. Fury burned on Stellas face as her cheeks flushed red.
She glared at both men and demanded, Have you lost your minds? Fighting on the street-do you think youre untouchable? Matthews fiery gaze remained locked on Sanford, his hostility unrelenting.
Sanford, equally defiant, met his glare with cold resolve, neither man showing any sign of backing down.
Turning to Sanford, Stella said firmly, You should leave first.
After all, it was Matthew who had started the fight, and she couldnt justify placing the blame on Sanford.
Matthew, however, bristled at her words.
His expression darkened as he shouted, No one is leaving until we settle this! Sanford sneered, his tone dripping with disdain as he retorted, What exactly do you want to say, Matthew? Caught between the two men, Stella felt her patience wearing thin.
###chapter2349
Already upset, their heated exchange only added to her frustration.
Finally, she snapped, You two can talk it out.
Im done here.
With that, she turned and began to walk away.
But before she could take another step, Matthew reached out, pulling her into his arms and holding her tightly.
His voice was sharp and resolute as he warned, Stay away from Stella.
Shes my wife, and I wont tolerate any interference.
Instead of reacting with anger, Sanford chuckled, his lips curving into a confident smile that seemed impervious to Matthews threat.
With calm defiance, he met Matthews glare and said, So what if Stella is your wife? What does that even mean? When it comes to matters of the heart, everyone has the right to choose.
I trust Stella to decide for herself. And let me make one thing clearIm willing to wait as long as it takes for her answer.
Matthews expression grew even darker, his eyes blazing with fury as his fists tightened, knuckles turning white under the strain of his mounting anger.
Stella, unable to hold back any longer, shouted, Sanford Quimby, what are you talking about? Her brows knitted together in worry, her anxiety evident.
She couldnt fathom why Sanford would escalate the situation further, adding fuel to an already raging fire.
Sanford looked at Stella, his gaze gentle and kind.
If a couple of photos posted online is enough to make Matthew act so irrationally, it only proves that he doesnt trust you.
How long can a marriage last if there is no trust? His voice was steady, and each word he spoke was like a dagger to Matthews heart.
Matthews face was flushed with rage, and he was gnashing his teeth together in an attempt to keep himself from lashing out.
He gave Sanford another fierce glare before leading Stella to his car.
He deposited her into the passenger seat and slammed the door shut.
As he walked around the car to the drivers side, he caught sight of Sanfords expression.
The bastard was blatantly provoking him.
Matthew looked away and got into the car.
Before long, the engine was roaring, and they were speeding away.
He said nothing as he zoomed through the highway.
The tension inside the car was so thick and palpable, Stella almost choked on it.
She took a deep breath and broke the silence.
I can explain what happened.
Theres no need, Matthew said, his face blank.
I dont want to hear it.
I only have one request-stay away from Sanford from now on. Stella frowned, getting a bit angry herself now.
Do you really think something happened between Sanford and me? Dont you trust me, after all? Instead of answering her, Matthew abruptly swerved to the roadside and abruptly stepped on the brakes.
Stella lurched forward due to the inertia, but she was thankfully held back by her seatbelt before she got seriously hurt.
Have you lost your damn mind? she yelled furiously at Matthew, her heart thundering from shock and fear.
When she turned to glare at Matthew, she was met by his terrifying face.
She didnt want to argue with him under such circumstances, so she closed her eyes and took a deep breath to calm herself.
When she was finally composed again, she softened her tone and tried to explain the matter with the photos.
It was all a coincidence back at the hospital.
I encountered an old man who had an asthma attack, so I took him there, where I happened to run into Sanford.
Its as simple as that.
###chapter2350
But Matthew refused to believe her. "How can there be so many coincidences in one day?" he snapped. "So an old man just appeared out of nowhere? It could all just be a trick Sanford used to get close to you."
Stella shuddered. It was clear that Matthew didn't want to see reason. Feeling that it wasn't the right time to have this argument, she reached for the car door to get out.
But Matthew's arm immediately shot out to stop her. He was about to say something when his phone rang. It was connected to the car's Bluetooth system, so Stella was able to see Lindsay's name on the small navigation screen.
"Aren't you going to answer?" she asked in a mocking tone. "If you don't answer and something happens to Lindsay, the Wheeler family is going to blame me again."
Matthew didn't appreciate her snarky comment, but he was also concerned that Lindsay might be facing an issue on her side. So, while holding on tightly to Stella to prevent her from escaping, he pressed the answer button.
Lindsay's sickly sweet voice rang out in the car. "Hello, Matthew. My treatment went really well today. Are you free? How about we have dinner together?"
Stella's lips twitched, and her eyes flashed with sarcasm. She struggled to free herself from Matthew's grip. She had no interest in sticking around to listen to Matthew's conversation with Lindsay. It was unbearably humiliating.
But Matthew only tightened his hold, causing Stella to cry out. "Ouch! Hey, that hurts!"
Lindsay immediately caught her voice over the line. "Matthew? Are you still at the office?"
Matthew paused for a moment before saying, "I'm still in a business meeting. I don't have time tonight, so I'll see you tomorrow."
Lindsay could tell that he was lying, but she still responded amiably, "All right. Make sure you don't drink too much and get a proper rest. See you tomorrow."
Matthew gave another short hum before hanging up.
Stella glared at Matthew, her eyes burning with a mix of rage and grievance. "Are you deliberately trying to make my life miserable? How sweet and considerate of Lindsay to say all that to my husband while I'm right here! Do I not exist to you at all?"
Matthew frowned, his expression turning back to his usual indifference. "Lindsay didn't say anything wrong. She didn't overstep her boundaries. She grew up under my grandmother's care. We have a sibling-like relationship, nothing more. It's perfectly natural for us to care for each other."
Stella exploded. "Great! So Sanford was sponsored by my father when he was studying, and now he's a supplier for my fashion brand. He isn't overstepping any boundaries either, so there is nothing wrong with us spending time with each other. What gives you the right to prevent me from interacting with a business partner when you just do whatever you want without taking me into consideration?"
Matthew's frown deepened into a scowl. He felt like Stella was comparing two different situations. It wasn't even worth comparing. "None of that matters," he said firmly. "The important thing is that you keep your distance from Sanford. I don't want to see you together again."
Stella was so infuriated, she was shaking all over. "Aren't you going to divorce me, anyway?" she spat at him. "Who I choose to be friends with is none of your business!"
Stella reached for the car door again, but Matthew had already locked all the doors. "Unlock it!" she screamed at him. "I don't want to see your face right now."
Matthew's expression was ominous. "Whose face do you want to see, then? Sanford's?"
Knowing there was no point in arguing with him, Stella leaned over to press the driver's side lock.


###chapter2351
But Matthew was faster. He grabbed her outstretched arm by the wrist and pulled her toward him in one fluid motion. The next thing Stella knew, he had taken her lips in a rough and forceful kiss.
Matthew held her flush against his chest, as if he wanted to absorb her into his very being. Even so, Stella struggled to escape, pushing against his shoulders while trying to break free from his kiss. But her strength was no match against Matthew's. He held her firmly, and the only sounds that could be heard were their heavy breathing as they continued to struggle with each other.
When she could no longer bear his aggression, Stella bit Matthew's lip. It worked. Matthew flinched and loosened his grip, albeit only a little. More importantly, though, it ended his harsh kiss.
Their breathing steadied, slowly syncing as they both found a calmer rhythm. A flicker of regret shadowed Matthew's eyes when he looked at Stella. He had envisioned this evening as a fresh start to mend their strained relationship. However, the unexpected sight of Sanford by her side had ignited a sudden blaze of jealousy that he couldn't quench.
With a gentle touch, Matthew caressed Stella's cheek and offered a heartfelt apology. "I'm sorry, Stella. My actions were too hasty. I lost myself for a moment there."
Stella was momentarily stunned by his sudden remorse. His apology hung in the air, heavy with unexpected sincerity, and she found herself at a loss for words.
Matthew's eyes softened as he continued, "Please, don't hold this against me. The last thing I want is for us to be at odds. It pains me deeply every time we argue."
The reason behind his pain remained elusive, yet the sight of Stella's tears during their quarrels always tugged at his heartstrings, leaving a dull ache that lingered long after.
Silence fell between them, thick with unsaid words. Stella knew Matthew was dancing around the true issue — unaware, or perhaps unwilling, to confront the heart of their conflict.
Exhausted by the emotional whirlwind, Stella sighed deeply and made a simple request. "Take me home, please."
Matthew paused, his expression hopeful. "Why don't we stop for a bite? You haven't had dinner yet."
Her reply was frosty, her tone detached. "I'm not hungry. I really don't feel like eating right now."
With a nod of reluctant acceptance, Matthew helped Stella settle into the passenger seat, ensuring her comfort with gentle precision. He then started the car, and they headed toward Prosper Bay.
As they drove, Stella leaned back, closing her eyes to the world, yet her mind remained acutely awake, tracing over the contours of their recent conflicts. A heavy sense of injustice weighed on her, and silent tears began to stream down her cheeks.
In the quiet solitude of her thoughts, Stella contemplated the drastic changes in Matthew. She would have divorced him without hesitation if these changes hadn't been caused by his amnesia. It was simply too exhausting to continue like this.
When they reached Prosper Bay, Erin emerged as she heard the car approaching. Her eyes immediately widened at the sight of Matthew's bruised face. With a mix of concern and confusion, she exclaimed, "Mr. Clark, what happened to your face? Did you get into a fight?"
Stella cast a fleeting glance at Matthew's bruise, a silent acknowledgment, before she ascended the stairs with determined steps.

###chapter2352
Matthew stood rooted for a moment, watching her vanish into the upper floor, and then addressed Erin with a dismissive gesture.
Its nothing.
You can go home now.
Erin lingered, her brows knitted with concern.
Mr.
Clark, that looks painful.
Please, let me apply some ointment before I leave.
He offered a gentle shake of his head.
No need, Erin.
I appreciate it, but you should head home now. Halfway up the stairs, Matthew paused, a moment of reconsideration shadowing his features.
He glanced back over his shoulder.
Actually, could you pass me the ointment? Ill take care of it myself upstairs.
Accepting the ointment from Erin, he resumed his slow ascent, each step echoing slightly in the quiet house.
Meanwhile, Stella enveloped herself in the soothing sanctuary of the bathroom, the rush of water a comforting background chorus.
Matthew lingered outside the bedroom, his presence a silent shadow by the door.
He watched the bathroom door with a mix of hesitation and resolve, his thoughts swirling in a tempest of uncertainty.
After a long, weighted pause, he exhaled a soft sigh and retreated.
Stella emerged from her steam-filled solitude, wrapped snugly in a towel, her damp hair loosely draped over her shoulders.
She reached for the hairdryer, poised to chase away the chill of the evening.
At that instant, the door eased open and Matthew entered, bearing a steaming bowl of noodles with careful grace.
He set the bowl on the table, his voice soft but clear.
The noodles are hot; let them cool a moment before you dive in.
Then, without missing a beat, he took the hairdryer from Stellas hand, flicked it on, and began drying her hair with practiced movements.
His gestures were smooth and familiar, a silent dance they had performed countless times, filling the room with the comforting sound of warm air weaving through wet strands.
The night was enveloped in a tranquil silence.
Stella and Matthew shared the same bed, their bodies spaced just enough to suggest the presence of an unseen barrier between them.
Confusion clouded Stellas mind.
Matthews sudden shift in behavior left her profoundly perplexed.
Her thoughts were a tangled skein, obsessively tracing the contours of his recent changes. Throughout the night, Stella tossed and turned, a stranger to sleep.
At times, she delved into the possible motives behind Matthews newfound demeanor.
At others, she grappled with anxiety about the murky prospects ahead.
As the night wore on, her thoughts churned in tumult, and by the time the first gentle rays of dawn peeked through the curtains, Stellas eyes snapped open, weighed down by fatigue.
She confronted her reflection in the mirror, noting the stark dark circles and her complexions ghostly pallor.
Exhaling a weary sigh, Stella resolved to disguise her tiredness with a touch of makeup.
Seated at her dressing table, she applied each cosmetic with precision, hoping to elevate her spirits with a semblance of refinement.
After perfecting her makeup, Stella chose an appropriate outfit and made her way to the studio.
Her journey included a brief detour to the car dealership.
###chapter2353
Upon her arrival, a staff member greeted her with effusive warmth.
Welcome, Mrs.
Clark! Stella responded with a subdued nod and briefly explained her reason for coming.
The staff member eagerly interjected, Next time just call us, and well arrange to pick up your vehicle.
You shouldnt have to come down here.
In three days, your car will be ready, and well deliver it right back to you.
Surprised yet appreciative of the convenience, Stella agreed.
With all matters swiftly handled at the dealership, Stella was ready to leave.
Just as she stepped through the doorway, a sports car hurtled toward her, screeching to a sudden stop a mere breath away from her, its abrupt halt sending a shock through the air. Stella recoiled, her heart pounding as the sports car halted abruptly before her.
A flicker of anger sparked within her.
Robin emerged from the drivers seat, wearing a mocking grin.
Oh, isnt this Stella? Its been a while.
Upon spotting Robin, Stellas face clouded with displeasure.
She had no interest in conversing with this vexatious individual and promptly turned to leave.
The staff, picking up on the mounting tension, exchanged anxious glances.
Eager to avoid any discord, they discreetly trailed behind Stella, their concerns about potential confrontations growing.
Robin, however, was not one to let an opportunity slip by.
He stepped swiftly in front of Stella, blocking her exit.
With confrontational zeal, he taunted, Stella, you know what? Matthew recently gave Lindsay a lavish gift.
Hes quite the spender.
After all this time as his wife, here you are, all by yourself.
Doesnt that seem pathetic? Stellas anger surged, yet she maintained a composed exterior.
She replied icily, And how is that your concern? Robins sneer deepened.
Oh, it very much is my concern.
Look at you, living this pitiful life.
Youd be better off leaving Matthew rather than humiliating yourself further here.
Stella fixed Robin with a steely gaze and countered sharply, Dont assume youre untouchable just because of your ties with Lindsay. If I find any solid proof, Ill personally ensure you face the consequences at the police station.
Taken aback by her assertiveness, Robins expression darkened.
He retorted, glaring fiercely, Fine, Stella, lets see how long you can keep this up.
Ignoring his bitter words, Stella turned and walked away, her stride resolute.
Behind her, Robin, seething with frustration, kicked at his car and muttered resentfully, Humph, I refuse to believe youll remain composed for long.
He then stormed into the dealership and demanded, Make sure to give my car a thorough upgrade.
The staff responded with quick, deferential nods, diligently catering to Robins needs.
They were keenly aware of his reputation as a notoriously particular patron and were intent on not causing any displeasure.
In the evening, Lindsay waited with bated breath in her apartment for Matthews arrival.
###chapter2354
She had dressed with great care and prepared a sumptuous meal, envisioning a day filled with romance.
As time slowly dragged on, Matthew remained conspicuously absent.
Disappointment and worry began to gnaw at Lindsays heart.
Unable to endure the wait any longer, she reached for her phone to call him.
The phone was answered almost instantly, but the voice on the other end belonged to Fernando, not Matthew.
Hello, Miss Wheeler.
Mr.
Clark is currently engaged in a meeting.
Might there be a message you wish me to relay to him first? Fernandos tone was courteous. Lindsays brow furrowed in frustration, and she responded tersely, No, thank you.
Ill speak with him after his meeting, and promptly disconnected the call.
Lindsays spirits plummeted, and a wave of frustration swept over her.
She was baffled and hurt; Matthew had completely overlooked their planned evening together.
Determined not to let her dismay sour her relationship with Matthew, Lindsay took a few deep breaths to steady her emotions.
Resolute, she decided to confront the situation head-on and drove to Prosperity Group to meet Matthew in person.
Upon arrival, fate played its hand as she bumped into Matthew just as he was wrapping up his meeting.
The mere sight of him breathed life into her spirits.
A radiant smile blossomed on her face as she wheeled herself toward him.
Yet, as she closed the distance, the bruises marring his face became painfully apparent.
Without thinking, Lindsay gasped.
Matthew, what in the world happened to your face? Matthews face showed no hint of surprise or joy at her arrival; his expression was marred by impatience.
He marched into his office, his tone brusque.
Why are you here? Feeling a mix of indignation and concern, Lindsay followed him, saying, You promised last night youd come see me today.
I waited all morning.
When you didnt show, I had to come find you myself.
Her voice softened with concern.
But what happened to you? Is it bad? Matthew dismissed her worries with a wave of his hand. Its just a minor scrape, nothing to worry about.
What do you need? Lindsay felt a sting of neglect; it seemed Matthew had entirely forgotten their heartfelt conversation from the night before.
Still, she masked her emotions well.
With a forced smile, she shared her troubling news.
Matthew, I came to discuss the results from the doctor.
He doesnt think Ill ever walk again.
Tears welled up in her eyes as she continued, The rehabilitation is agonizing, and it feels futile.
Im struggling to find any reason to persevere.
Tears streamed down Lindsays face, her voice a mosaic of deep sadness and grievance.
###chapter2355
Matthew, Im truly heartbroken.
Upon seeing Lindsays tear-streaked cheeks, irritation was the only emotion Matthew could muster.
He struggled to remain unaffected by her distress, yet a sense of duty compelled him to offer comfort.
Dont cry, Lindsay.
Im exploring options with other specialists.
Should there be any positive developments, Ill take you abroad for treatment.
Lindsay sobbed, her voice shaking with doubt.
Ronan is a top expert in this field.
If he cant help, what hope do we have with anyone else? Matthew resolved to keep his tone gentle, encouraging her.
The world is vast, Lindsay, and theres always a glimmer of hope. We mustnt lose faith just yet.
As her tears subsided, a flicker of hope sparked in Lindsays eyes.
She grasped at this newfound possibility, her voice steadying as she made a heartfelt request.
Matthew, could you come with me to my next rehab session? Your support means everything to me.
Matthews gut twisted with the suspicion that Stella would be upset if he accompanied Lindsay to her rehab session.
He wavered, descending into a thoughtful silence.
Witnessing his indecision, Lindsays voice softened with desperation.
Matthew, please, just this once, okay? Having your support makes rehab a little less daunting.
Matthew wrestled with his thoughts for a moment before yielding.
If I can manage the time, Ill be there.
Lindsays face lit up with a hopeful smile upon his words.
She then made a gentle gesture toward the ointment tube on the table.
Let me apply this for you.
Matthew, however, showed reluctance.
He casually checked his watch and said, Im due in a meeting in three minutes.
You should probably head back now; the store renovation wont handle itself.
If you hit any snags, Fernandos your guy.
Lindsay had envisioned a cozy lunch with Matthew, a chance to deepen their connection.
But his curt dismissal deflated her spirits, leaving her to accept his decision quietly.
Alright then, Ill let you be. No more interruptions.
As she left the office, Lindsays spirits sank further.
The more she pondered, the more she was convinced that the bruises marring Matthews face had something to do with Stella.
Her ears still rang with the echo of a womans voice near Matthew the previous night.
Undoubtedly, it was Stella.
Seeing Stella as too wily, Lindsay realized that mere misunderstandings wouldnt sever the ties binding her to Matthew.
A more cunning plan was essential.
With a heavy heart, Lindsay returned home, her frustration barely contained.
As soon as she opened the door, the sight of Robin lounging carelessly on the sofa grated on her nerves.
Her mood nosedived, sparking an irritable demand.
What are you doing here? 
###chapter2356
Robins reply was laid-back but calculated.
Just here to see how youre holding up.
Lindsays response was a cold snort, her patience thinning.
Cut the charm.
What do you really want? Without hesitation, Robin got to the heart of the matter.
Ran into Stella at the dealership today.
She was quite the queen bee.
The mere mention of Stella fueled Lindsays growing turmoil.
She was still wrestling with how to remove Stella from the picture without dirtying her own hands.
Lindsays face soured further, her silence stretching into discomfort.
Robin, brimming with scorn for Stella, couldnt hold back. Who does she think she is? She even dared to threaten me.
Lindsays thoughts were elsewhere; she wasnt concerned with Robins troubles with Stella.
She had begged Matthew to help Robin merely as a way to provoke Stella; his fate beyond that held little interest for her.
Noticing Lindsays detachment, Robin prodded.
Are you even listening? Lindsays response was terse.
Yes, I heard you.
You clashed with Stella.
But shes still Matthews wife.
What do you expect me to do? Robin scoffed at her.
Youre clueless! You couldnt defeat Stella even after sacrificing your ability to walk.
But I understand; with your disability, you cant even share Matthews bed.
Lindsays temper flared, her gaze sharpening.
Whose side are you on, anyway? If youre just here to taunt me, you can leave.
Robin stood, his grin audacious.
Honestly, if there werent some perks from Matthew in it for me, I wouldnt bother wasting my time on a loser like you.
He grabbed his car keys, signaling his departure.
Before exiting, he threw in a demand.
I need another million from you.
Got to spruce up my car.
As he left, Lindsays fists clenched in fury, her disdain for Robin reaching a boiling point.
Her mind raced over the image of Robins modified car, and suddenly, a cunning plan-capable of dealing with both Robin and Stella-began to crystallize.
Stella returned to the studio and, upon opening the door, was surprised to see a familiar figure. Her expression showed clear surprise, as his presence was unexpected.
Declan greeted her with a warm, friendly smile, his voice tinged with a hint of regret.
I hope my sudden visit isnt a bother.
Stella quickly shook her head and responded with a smile, Not at all, sir.
Please, come in.
She ushered Declan into the office, her thoughts buzzing with curiosity about his unexpected appearance.
Once they were settled, Stella offered him a glass of water and asked, Sir, what brings you here today? Declan exhaled softly and answered, Im here to apologize for the events of last night.
I realize Sanford made a mistake.
I hadnt yet thanked you for your assistance when he unfortunately clashed with your husband.
I sincerely ask for your forgiveness on Sanfords behalf.
###chapter2357
Stella responded graciously, Sir, theres really no need to mention it.
It wasnt a significant issue.
My husband was actually the one who initiated it, so the fault lies with us.
Declan looked at her with respect and said, Your capacity for understanding and wisdom is truly remarkable.
Its unfortunate you married so young.
However, your husband is the wealthiest man in Seamarsh, and you both seem to complement each other well.
It truly is Sanfords loss.
Stella felt somewhat uncomfortable hearing Declans words.
Her relationship with Sanford had been improving recently, and she had nearly forgotten that Sanford had once shown an interest in her. To move past the discomfort, Stella swiftly changed the topic and asked, Sir, how are you feeling now? Declan said, Im fine.
He then extended an invitation to Stella, saying, If youre available, Id like to invite you to lunch as a way of apologizing.
Considering that Declan had made the effort to come in person, Stella found it difficult to decline.
Moreover, it was nearing noon, so she accepted his invitation.
Alright, sir, thank you for the invitation.
Together, they left the studio and went to a restaurant Declan had selected beforehand.
Stella half-expected to encounter Sanford at the restaurant due to the previous days events, but he was nowhere to be found when they arrived.
Secretly, Stella sighed in relief and felt more at ease.
Once they had ordered, Declan casually asked about Stellas family.
Without overthinking her response, Stella said, My family background is quite complex; its not something I can explain in just a few words.
Declan showed a keen interest in knowing more and responded, Thats alright.
We have time.
Stella then shared a brief overview of her past.
I was raised in an orphanage, adopted later on, and only recently reconnected with my long-lost mother and my fathers family.
As Stella recounted her story, Declan displayed a profound sense of emotion and empathy for her challenging life experiences.
Youve certainly faced many challenges, but thankfully, things seem to have turned out well for you in the end.
Just then, the waiter arrived with their dishes, interrupting their conversation.
They ate in silence for a while before Declan spoke up again.
Considering you reconnected with the Lowell family at such a late age, your emotional connection to them might not be very strong yet, would you agree? Declan asked, his tone casual. Stella paused for a moment, and then spoke.
My cousin has always been kind to me, as have the elders.
Bonds, they grow with time, dont they? Declan offered another compliment, his voice laced with a touch of envy.
It seems youre truly fortunate to have such a wonderful family.
Despite his words, a faint ripple of unease stirred within Stella, her instincts alerted by Declans pointed interest in her familial connections.
With a gentle tone, she inquired, Sir, your curiosity about my ties to the Lowells-may I ask why it piques your interest so? Declan, ever the smooth talker, waved off her concern with a practiced ease.
Oh, think nothing of it.
I merely wondered if you had siblings I might introduce to Sanford.
He buries himself in work and risks remaining a bachelor.
###chapter2358
Stella, slightly bemused yet cautious, chose not to press further.
sir, you do know that Sanford and my cousin are acquainted, dont you? Caught off guard, Declans mind scrambled for a plausible response.
After a moments pause, his face brightened with a convincing smile.
Ah, Sanford tends to keep his cards close to his chest.
And, as I am hardly his biological grandfather, he seldom shares personal details with me.
His voice softened, tinged with a hint of resignation.
Then, as if struck by a sudden thought, his eyes widened. Tell me, could it have been your father who sponsored Sanford all those years ago? Stellas initial doubts ebbed away, swayed by his seemingly reasonable explanation.
After all, Sanford was known for his reticence.
She experienced a twinge of guilt for doubting Declan, wondering if perhaps she had read too much into his questions.
She nodded, a quiet affirmation.
Yes, sir.
Declan exhaled a soft sigh.
No wonder Sanford likes you.
Stella offered a hesitant smile, caught off guard and unsure how to respond.
She harbored no romantic feelings for Sanford; he was merely a friend.
Now, being married, she couldnt afford to entertain such thoughts.
Noticing Stellas vigilance, Declan wisely chose not to delve deeper, mindful of not unsettling her further.
He tactfully changed the subject, steering their conversation away from anything too personal.
After their meal, they exchanged contact information and went their separate ways.
Meanwhile, back at the headquarters of Prosperity Group, Fernando walked into the CEOs office, a fountain pen in hand, and presented it to Matthew.
The pen was ornate, engraved with Stellas signature.
Matthew furrowed his brow, puzzled, trying to recall why he had requested such a personalized item for Stella. Fernando, whats this about? Why did I order a customized pen for Stella? he queried.
Fernando shrugged, his tone calm.
Mr.
Clark, Im not certain.
I was merely executing the instructions given.
Before Fernando exited, he reminded Matthew about the ointment.
As Matthew fetched the ointment, memories of Stellas aid the previous night washed over him, causing his heart to flutter.
###chapter2359
Visions of her compassionate eyes and tender care lingered in his mind, bringing a gentle warmth.
He set the ointment aside, opting not to use it.
Instead, he picked up the customized pen again, examining it with a newfound intensity.
Just thirty minutes shy of quitting time, Stellas phone buzzed with an unexpected dinner invitation from Matthew.
She didnt turn it down; beneath her composed exterior, a flutter of excitement stirred.
Post-work, Stella made her way to their designated rendezvous-the restaurant Matthew had suggested.
As soon as she exited the car, she caught sight of him, a solitary figure by the entrance, awaiting her arrival.
Their eyes locked, kindling a warm, tender sensation deep within Stellas chest. Together, they entered the restaurant, where a cheerful waiter greeted them and escorted them upstairs with a bright smile.
As they meandered along the path, Stella cast a sideways glance at Matthew and ventured, What sparked this sudden whim to dine out today? Her voice, soft and melodic, was tinged with a playful curiosity.
In the midst of her ascent up the step, Stellas foot betrayed her, slipping unexpectedly.
Quick as a flash, Matthews reflexes kicked in he wrapped his arm around her, anchoring her safely against him just before she could tumble.
The waiter, who had been leading the way, spun around, his apologies spilling out in a flustered stream.
With his eyebrows knitted in concern, Matthew checked.
Are you alright? Still rattling from the jolt, Stella managed a brisk nod.
Im fine, she assured him.
During the mishap, she had clung to Matthews arm instinctively.
Once she gathered herself, she released her grip and remarked with a relieved smile, Good thing youre so quick on your feet.
Matthew gently reminded her to watch her step, though his hand lingered protectively at her waist as they continued upstairs.
Climbing the steps, Stella felt a surge of warmth rush through her, fueled by Matthews concern.
Upon entering the private room, they were enveloped by an ambiance of tranquility, the air perfumed with a subtle, refined scent.
Matthew, with a tender gesture, presented Stella with a small box, inviting her to discover its contents.
With a flicker of hesitation, Stella unveiled the boxs secret-a beautifully crafted pen bearing her name.
Puzzled, she looked up at him. Whats the occasion for this surprise? Matthews response was soft.
I ordered this before I lost my memory.
The pen is perfect for drawing design sketches.
I mightve intended to gift you this to celebrate the launch of your brand.
Its belated, but I wanted you to have it.
As Stella held the pen, the swell of joy was tinged with a poignant ache.
The man before her, though familiar in form, seemed distant in spirit.
She was left to wonder about the depths of affection Matthew might have held before the veil of forgetfulness fell between them, and whether their bond could ever echo the same resonance again.
###chapter2360
Stella held the pen, her thoughts swirling with a storm of emotions.
If Matthew had retained his memories, the gift would have carried more weight, infused with the warmth and affection that once defined their interactions.
Now, his words, though kind, echoed hollowly, underscoring the harsh reality of his amnesia.
Matthew noticed Stellas slight frown and asked with a hint of concern, Dont you like it? He was uncertain about Stellas preferences, but since the pen was a pre-amnesia choice, he believed it would appeal to her tastes.
With a gentle sigh, Stella responded, Its very beautiful.
She pulled out a sheet of white paper and glided the pen across it, testing its flow.
She looked up at Matthew and added, The writing feels wonderful, Matthew.
Its clear you put thought into this. Matthew gave a small nod, sensing the underlying sadness in Stellas appreciation.
He paused, and then ventured, Im planning to attend Lindsays next rehab session.
Wanting to avoid any misunderstandings, he felt it was important to inform her in advance.
Stella, caught off guard, momentarily furrowed her brow in surprise.
However, she soon recognized the necessity of his involvement, given his responsibilities toward Lindsay.
She nodded, a wave of relief washing over her as he took the initiative to update her.
As her expression softened, Matthew continued, Theres a doctor in Solanda who is an expert in this field.
I plan to wait for Ronans feedback on Lindsays rehab results before deciding whether to send Lindsay to Solanda.
Matthew had realized that Lindsay was at the heart of his conflict with Stella.
If he could heal Lindsays leg, he could then concentrate on mending his relationship with Stella and undergo the surgery needed to restore his memory.
Stellas brow furrowed slightly as she asked, Will you be going to Solanda as well? Matthew locked eyes with Stella, his voice steady and clear.
Not necessarily.
If Im free, Ill accompany her.
He assured her with a gentle firmness, Once Lindsays troubles are behind us, Ill focus on my surgery and strive to regain my memory as swiftly as I can.
Their dinner wrapped up on a cheerful note.
They left the restaurant, moving toward their separate cars under the soft evening sky. Spotting Stella by a different car, Matthews curiosity piqued.
Why this car? Stella, knowing how Matthew felt about Sanford, shared a quick update.
I had a bit of a mishap a few days ago; hence, my car is in the shop.
Im using this one temporarily.
Hearing this, a flicker of concern crossed Matthews features.
Were you hurt? No, Stella replied, shaking her head, her voice steady.
They drove back to Prosper Bay.
###chapter2361
Once inside, Stella headed upstairs to unwind with a bath.
Fresh from her bath, she discovered a message from Miley.
It included a photo of a romantic candlelit dinner, casting a warm glow over her evening.
Miley had also dined there that very evening.
She and Neville had seen Stellas and Matthews cars peel away one after the other, just missing the opportunity for a quick hello.
Their brief conversation was cut short as a wave of sleepiness enveloped Stella.
She had been unusually tired of late.
Just as she reached to turn off the light, the door to her bedroom creaked open. Matthew stepped in and sat beside her on the bed, his voice soft.
Could you help me with this ointment? Its just a few bruises on the face.
You can handle it in front of a mirror, Stella countered, her tone practical yet gentle.
Matthew fell silent, his eyes conveying a silent plea.
Puzzled by his expression, Stella met his gaze.
Suddenly, Matthew leaned in, his whisper intimate.
Cant you see Im trying to make amends? Stellas eyes flew open in surprise.
Frozen in place, she stared at Matthew as he inched closer.
Her heart pounded against her chest, a storm of emotions whirling inside her.
In a swift motion, she pushed him back.
What is there to make amends for? Matthew straightened, a mischievous smile playing on his lips.
His eyes twinkled with cunning.
Im fixing past errors.
Besides, if you were still upset, stepping into the master bedroom would be off- limits for me.
Stella eyed Matthew, her gaze sharpened by suspicion.
After a moments silence, she posed her question. You really havent recovered your memory? The dialogue didnt suit Matthew, given his struggle with memory loss.
Matthew replied earnestly, No.
Seizing the opportunity, he continued, Could you help me with the ointment? I avoided it on purpose today.
Stella murmured, What kind of logic is that? Matthew grinned.
If I heal too quickly, Ill lose my excuse to stay close to you.
Color rose in Stellas cheeks as she whispered, Please, stop talking.
She swiftly retrieved the ointment and began applying it to Matthews face.
###chapter2362
After finishing, she hurried to wash her hands, and then climbed into bed, turning her back to him.
Matthew settled in beside her, watching her back.
Turn over.
Stella acted as though she hadnt heard him.
Undeterred, Matthew gently wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her close.
Stella resisted for a moment before relenting.
She closed her eyes, bracing for a sleepless night, but quickly fell into a calm sleep.
In the silence of the night, they embraced. Lying in Stellas warmth, Matthew felt profoundly content.
He kissed her forehead softly and then closed his eyes.
Their breathing harmonized, casting a cozy warmth throughout the room.
The following day, Stella decided to give the studio a miss and ventured to the new commercial space instead.
She was determined to scope out the site herself before looping in a renovation team.
When Bella caught wind of the plan, she was thrilled to come along.
Consequently, Stella took a slight detour to collect Bella on the way.
Upon their arrival, as Stella extended her hand toward the door, Bella stopped short, noticing that the storefronts location had shifted.
Bellas expression twisted in bewilderment.
Why is it not the same commercial space we talked about? Stella responded with a casual shrug, Fernando handed this one off to me.
Its on the same street-nothing to fret over.
A spark of understanding lit Bellas eyes, and she nodded.
They stepped through the doorway.
Inside, Bella offered Stella some advice, inspired by the chic layout of her own establishment back in Dorburn.
As Dorburn slipped into the conversation, Bellas thoughts drifted to the pending property transfer awaiting Stella.
Her heart sank as she remembered their narrow escape from death not long ago.
Bella let out a weary sigh. I had hoped to show you my old haunts in Dorburn, but Kristians shadow looms over those memories.
Stella reached out, her voice soothing.
Mom, dont worry.
Ill clear my schedule, and well go together.
Im as eager to see your old haunts as you are to share them.
Bellas spirits buoyed by Stellas words.
After thoroughly examining the site, Stella sketched a basic plan to review with her renovation team later.
They exited the building, their task complete.
###chapter2363
Outside, Bellas eyes were drawn to their old favorite storefront, now alive with activity, likely the renovation team hard at work.
Stella barely registered the commotion, focused on leading Bella away.
ALL of a sudden, a voice sliced through the air.
Turning, they spotted Lindsay in a wheelchair, a servant slowly pushing her forward.
A smirk played across Lindsays face as she said, What a coincidence.
Her tone bristled with arrogance, setting Stella and Bella on edge.
Lindsay continued, Im here for store renovations.
Didnt expect to bump into you, Stella. Whats your business here? Stella locked eyes with her, now piecing together Fernandos reluctant hints about the storefronts location.
It was clear her first-choice commercial space had been earmarked for Lindsay.
Maintaining her composure, Stella replied evenly, The same, store renovations.
Lindsays smirk wavered.
Her gaze flickered to the shuttered storefront nearby.
The size and prominence of that location dwarfed hers, igniting a spark of jealousy and frustration in her eyes.
Her attempt to outshine Stella had crumbled.
Stella had no desire to linger on Lindsays drama and motioned for Bella to leave.
Just then, a group of children scampered past, their laughter ringing out.
Stella, concerned they might collide with Bella, instinctively stepped in to shield her.
In the chaos, Stella was jostled, and her bag tumbled to the ground.
After ensuring Bella was unharmed, Stella gathered her spilled items and quickly departed with Bella.
Lindsay watched their departing figures with a simmering glare.
She begrudged Stellas continual good fortune, always securing the best things.
Only once they disappeared did she signal the servant to wheel her back.
As the wheelchair pivoted, it struck an , jarring Lindsay. She muttered a curse under her breath and looked down to find a pen.
Upon picking it up, Lindsay noticed Stellas name engraved on it.
Lindsays fingers wrapped tightly around the pen, her heart simmering with a raw, inexplicable anger.
She couldnt pinpoint who had gifted the pen to Stella, but it gnawed at her, the way Stella continually basked in the glow of others attention and gifts, while she lingered in the shadows, forgotten.
In the drivers seat, Stella navigated the roads wrapped in a cloak of silence, each turn steering them further into the quiet.
Beside her, Bellas gaze was lost to the passing scenery, her thoughts entangled in her recent encounter with Lindsay.
The closeness between Stellas and Lindsays storefronts troubled her, stirring fears of a brewing storm between them.
###chapter2364
Stella, you and Lindsay setting up shops on the same street-doesnt that spell trouble? Bella ventured, her voice tinged with concern.
Im afraid it might ignite some friction.
With a gentle shake of her head, Stella brushed off the concern.
Our offerings dont overlap; we dont have any conflict of interest.
Besides, Ill appoint a manager to run the day-to-day, keeping my interactions with Lindsay to a minimum.
She paused, a thoughtful expression crossing her features.
And lets not borrow trouble.
Lindsays act of saving Matthew has smoothed over many wrinkles.
I hold no grudges.
Bellas worries had painted grim scenarios, but Stellas calm assurance acted like a balm.
If youre at peace with this, then Im content. Youre right; Lindsays bravery in Matthews crisis shouldnt be overshadowed by petty grievances.
Their dialogue was sliced through by the shrill cry of a ringing phone.
Stella glanced at the display, Lucias name flashing up.
She answered, and Lucias voice bubbled through enthusiastically.
Stella, are you free tomorrow? Remember, we promised to catch up monthly.
Someones just sent over a bounty of fresh fruits and fish.
Why dont we dine with the Lowell family? Absolutely, Ill be there, Stella confirmed with a smile.
After ending the call, Stella shared news of Lucias invitation with Bella and asked if she was interested in joining.
Bella paused, her hesitation palpable, before she gently refused.
No, Stella, go on without me.
My memory hasnt come back yet, and I barely know the Lowell family.
It might just be too awkward.
Stella nodded, accepting Bellas reluctance without question.
Alright then, take some time to rest.
Ill drop you off and then find a thoughtful gift for Kyra for tomorrows event.
She did gift me that lovely set of jewelry; its only right I return the gesture.
Bella acknowledged with a quiet nod.
Once Bella was comfortably settled at home, Stella ventured out to find the perfect gift.
During her drive, she reached out to Matthew, but only found herself greeted by a busy signal.
Disappointment tinged her thoughts as she wondered about Matthews whereabouts and why he was out of reach.
At the headquarters of Prosperity Group, Matthew was ensconced in his well-appointed, bright office, documents piled around him like miniature skyscrapers.
He was deep in conversation with Lindsay, whose voice bubbled over with joy and gratitude.
Matthew, Im absolutely in love with this store. Fernandos design team has truly outdone themselves.
Thank you for orchestrating everything.
Id be utterly lost without your guidance, Lindsay effused, her words skipping any mention of Stella.
Matthew offered a muted response.
Mm, Im delighted to hear youre pleased.
His gaze drifted to his phone on the desk, catching sight of Stellas missed call.
His heart thumped with a mix of regret and anticipation, his thoughts momentarily adrift.
As he was about to suggest ending the call, Lindsay chimed in again, Matthew, Ive got rehab training at the hospital tomorrow.
Could you come with me? After a moments hesitation, Matthew consented.
Okay, Ill be there.
He quickly wrapped up the call under the guise of urgent work and immediately returned Stellas call.
###chapter2365
Stella had just stepped into the bustling mall when her phone buzzed to life.
She answered quickly.
Matthew, theres something you should know.
We have a family party tomorrow.
From the other end, Matthews response was prompt and to the point.
Im aware.
Ill be taking Lindsay to the hospital and then join you afterward.
There was a brief pause before Stella murmured a subdued Okay, her voice trailing off into silence.
Feeling the shift in her tone, Matthew asked, Something wrong? Are you not happy with this? He added, I have to talk things over with Ronan about Lindsays progress before considering treatment abroad. With a faint smile, Stella replied, Its nothing, really.
Just finding it hard to find the right words.
Im at the mall, hunting for Kyras gift.
She ended the call shortly after.
Upon entering a jewelry store, Stella approached a saleswoman with a purposeful stride.
Hello, I need a classy necklace for someone special whos turning seventy.
The saleswoman, eager to assist, presented a selection of elegant necklaces.
As they perused the options, Sanford appeared unexpectedly.
Catching sight of him, Stellas eyes widened slightly.
Sanford, what a surprise! What brings you here? He flashed a rueful smile, showing his undone cuff.
Just wrapping up some business nearby and needed a new pair.
What about you? Im on a mission to find the perfect gift for Kyra, Stella explained.
Since you know her better than I do, maybe you could help me choose something shed love? With a nod, Sanford agreed, Absolutely.
Guided by the saleswoman, they selected two striking necklaces.
After some deliberation, Stella decided to buy both, with plans to surprise Lucia with the second one.
She gestured to Sanford.
Pick out your cufflinks while I handle the checkout.
A twinge of guilt washed over her as she noticed the fading bruise on Sanfords face-a harsh reminder of his recent run-in with Matthew.
Sanford accepted her offer, saying, Since Ive provided advice for the necklaces, why dont you pick out a pair of cufflinks for me? They made their way to the mens section, and Stella quickly chose a sophisticated pair of cufflinks. As she reached for her card to pay, a sharp, malicious voice sliced through the air.
Does Matthew know youre spending the Clark familys money on a lover? Stella and Sanford turned sharply to face Betsey and Leona, who stood there with expressions of scorn.
The duo had been shopping when they caught sight of Stella with a companion, prompting them to barge into the situation.
Stellas brow furrowed, irritation sparking within her.
With no intention of entertaining their intrusion, she addressed the saleswoman with composed urgency.
Could we expedite the payment, please? But Betsey was not about to let the moment pass.
She whipped out her phone and captured two photos of Stella and Sanford, her smile oozing satisfaction.
Ill show these to Matthew.
While hes hard at work, his wife seems to be quite busy shopping with another man.
###chapter2366
Before Betsey could hit send, Stella lunged forward, snatching the phone from her grasp and hurling it to the floor with a resounding crash.
Her eyes alight with anger, Stella warned sharply, Dont stir up trouble.
Betsey, taken aback by Stellas boldness, stumbled over her words.
However, her shock quickly morphed into outrage as she began to yell, So, Stella, just because youre Mrs.
Clark, you think youre above us all? Making a spectacle and tossing insults around! Their confrontation quickly attracted a crowd, with murmurs and whispers spreading Like wildfire.
Stella, determined to end this, pulled out her own phone to call the authorities.
But before she could dial, her phone began to ring, with Clint on the Line.
Stella was about to press the answer key when Betsey made a grab for it and smashed it against the floor, declaring triumphantly, Now were even. Anxious about Clint and losing patience, Stella scrambled to gather her broken phone, only to find it unresponsive.
Observing her distress, Sanford offered his phone without hesitation.
Stella gratefully accepted it and dialed Clints number swiftly.
Meanwhile, Betsey, realizing the tide was turning against her, quietly edged toward the exit, hoping to escape the escalating scene.
Sanford stepped in front of Betsey, saying, You cant leave until we settle this.
Betsey burst into loud yells, her voice high and sharp.
What are you up to? Are you trying to limit my freedom? Does bullying two elderly people like us make you think youre capable? Leona cut in, Exactly.
He and Stella are in an improper relationship, and we caught them in the act.
Now hes trying to shut us down because hes scared.
After speaking, she kept badmouthing Stella to the people around her.
Look at this woman.
Shes married, but now shes flirting with other men.
Some people recognized Stella and whispered to each other.
As the situation became more chaotic, Sanford asked the saleswoman to call the police.
Stella tried calling Clint, but the call didnt connect.
Betsey and Leona kept bothering her, leaving her frustrated and anxious. She walked up to Betsey, her eyes filled with a clear warning.
If anything happens to my grandfather, youll be sorry.
She turned to Sanford and said, I have to check on my grandfather.
Sanford nodded.
Go on.
Ill take care of everything here.
Stella gave a quick nod and rushed out.
###chapter2367
Betsey called out after her, Stella, if you had the guts to pull off something that sneaky, why are you freaking out over a little gossip now? Stella rushed straight to Clints place.
She opened the door and stepped inside, noticing the empty living room.
Without hesitation, she headed upstairs, but the study was empty, and the bedroom was, too.
She was about to make another call when the sound of heavy breathing drifted out from the bathroom.
Stellas chest clenched as she hurried inside, only to find Clint sprawled on the floor, barely awake.
Grandpa! Stella tried to lift him, but she just didnt have the strength.
In her panic, the butler appeared, clearly shocked by what he saw.
Stella said, her heart racing, Quick, help me Lift him up.
They both took Clint to the hospital. The quiet hospital ward held a faint smell of antiseptic in the air.
Clint lay on the bed, his face ashen.
After examining him, the doctor said he had fallen and hit his head.
There were no immediate concerns, but given his age and some existing health issues, they needed to wait for him to wake up to check for any possible aftereffects.
Stella sat next to the bed, her face filled with concern.
She stared at Clint, silently hoping he would wake up soon.
The butler stepped aside, clearly regretful.
This is all my fault.
I shouldnt have gone out to buy groceries by myself.
If I had been there, Mr.
Anderson wouldnt have fallen.
Stella turned to the butler and said softly, Its not your fault.
It was just an accident; dont blame yourself too much.
She asked the butler to go home and bring back some clean clothes.
Please go home and grab some of his clean clothes.
The butler nodded and walked out of the room.
Stella was alone with Clint, her heart torn with anxiety and unease.
Just then, the phone in her hand buzzed. Stella glanced at it and saw that it was a call from Sanford.
She picked up, and Sanfords voice came through.
Stella, where are you? Do you need help? Stella suddenly realized she was still using Sanfords phone.
She replied, Clint fell, and Im at the hospital.
Sanford said, Ill come over, and then hung up.
By the time Sanford arrived, Clint still hadnt woken up.
Sanford walked in with Lunch and set the Lunch box on the table.
He asked with concern, Hows your grandfather? Stella shook her head.
He still hasnt woken up.
###chapter2368
Sanford looked at Stellas weary face and felt a pang of sympathy.
Dont worry too much, he said gently.
Eat something first.
You wouldnt want your grandfather to wake up and find you unwell too.
Stella glanced at the Lunchbox on the table but couldnt bring herself to eat.
I have no appetite, she murmured, pushing it aside.
She handed the phone back to Sanford.
Sanford accepted the phone and then offered her a new one.
The broken phone is in the repair store.
Ill return it to you later.
Use this one for now.
Stella took the new phone and thanked him softly. Thank you, Sanford.
He then handed her two small packages.
These are the items you bought from the jewelry store.
I brought them for you.
Stella thanked him again and placed the jewelry aside without much thought .
Her gaze shifted to Clint, still lying unconscious.
She hesitated for a moment before asking, What about Betsey? Shes been taken to the police station, Sanford replied.
Stella nodded, saying nothing more.
A short while Later, Sanfords phone buzzed with a call from Declan.
He excused himself, citing an urgent matter, and left the room.
By evening, Clint had yet to regain consciousness.
Stella forced herself to eat a few bites of dinner, but nausea churned in her stomach.
After only a few mouthfuls, she gave up.
Looking outside, she realized Matthew hadnt contacted her all day.
Was he really that busy with work? Holding the phone in her hand, she debated whether to call and inform him about Clints hospitalization.
After a few moments of hesitation, she opted to send him a text instead.
Meanwhile, Matthew was at Lindsays apartment.
After Betsey was taken to the police station, Leona wasted no time contacting Lindsay.
She urged Lindsay to convince Matthew to bail Betsey out.
Betsey, sitting on the sofa, sobbed hysterically.
I saw Stella and Sanford shopping together, she wailed.
They looked so close, Like a couple! She was buying cufflinks for him.
I went up to remind Stella, but she got angry and accused me falsely.
She even teamed up with Sanford to have me sent to the police station! Matthew remained silent, his expression cold and sullen.
Betseys emotions spiraled as she continued, her voice growing Louder and more frantic.
Leona quickly joined in, her tone sharp and accusing. Thats right, Matthew.
You cant just stand by and do nothing.
Stellas behavior is completely unacceptable! Lindsay, however, feigned a calm, reasonable tone, attempting to play the voice of reason.
Please dont say that.
Stella and Sanford have known each other for a long time.
In fact, Sanford was one of the students Stellas father sponsored.
He probably thinks of her like a sister.
Isnt it normal for siblings to exchange gifts? Despite her attempt at diplomacy, the tension in Lindsays apartment was palpable.
Lindsays explanation only seemed to darken Matthews expression further.
Anger boiled beneath the surface as he clenched his fists.
He knew the truth all too well.
The way Sanford looked at Stella had nothing to do with sibling affection-it was the gaze of a man who desired a woman, plain and simple.
###chapter2369
Betsey, stung by Lindsays words, immediately shot back.
Lindsay, dont be deceived by Stella.
I saw her and Sanford practically glued together! If theyre bold enough to act like that in public, who knows what theyre doing in private… Before she could say more, Matthew slammed a hand down on the table and roared, Enough! The sharpness of his tone silenced the room.
He stood abruptly, his eyes blazing as he fixed Betsey with a glare so fierce that she instinctively shrank back.
Her defiance crumbled, and she lowered her head, too afraid to speak further.
Taking a deep breath, Matthew forced himself to rein in his temper.
He turned to Lindsay and said curtly, Get some rest.
Ill take you to the hospital for rehab tomorrow.
Without another word, he strode toward the door.
Lindsay quickly followed him, her tone soft and soothing.
Matthew, please dont argue with Stella.
I truly believe theres nothing between her and Sanford. Betsey must have misunderstood.
She hesitated for a moment, and then added, Betseys been acting out because of my leg situation.
Her tempers only gotten worse, and thats probably why shes targeting Stella.
Its my fault for not managing things better.
Her voice trembled slightly, and her eyes glistened with unshed tears.
She looked so aggrieved, so fragile, that anyone watching would have felt an urge to console her.
Matthew glanced at Lindsay with calm eyes.
Its not your fault.
Ill make sure Stella gets your message.
You go back inside.
With that, he strode away.
Lindsay watched him walk away, her pained expression shifting into a subtle smile.
She knew shed nailed it.
Matthews suspicion and anger toward Stella were growing, driving an even deeper wedge between them.
Matthew returned to his car, frustration simmering beneath the surface.
Pulling out his phone to call Stella, he noticed a message from her that had come in ten minutes ago.
He called her, trying to stay composed.
What hospital is Clint at? Seamarsh Hospital, Stella said.
After a brief pause, she said, If youre swamped with work, dont worry about rushing.
Ill be staying overnight at the hospital and wont be coming back tonight.
Ive told Lucia, so Ill be missing tomorrows family party.
Im heading to the hospital now, Matthew said in a cold tone and hung up.
Stella listened to the dial tone, confused, feeling that Matthew was upset.
She scowled, confused about what had gone wrong. Clint had woken up just five minutes ago but then drifted back to sleep.
After examining him, the doctor reassured her that there was nothing to worry about.
Stella gently wetted his Lips with a damp cotton swab.
She told the butler to go home and rest, reassuring him that she could handle the night on her own.
The butler declined firmly, his voice tinged with guilt.
I cant.
I have to stay and look after Mr.
Anderson.
Its all my fault.
If I had been there, Mr.
Anderson wouldnt have fallen.
###chapter2370
Stella didnt press it.
She knew the butler was stubborn once he made up his mind.
Matthew arrived at the hospital and walked into the ward.
His eyes immediately landed on the two gift bags on the table, confirming Betseys story.
His anger flared, but with the butler and Clint there, he held it in and asked about Clints condition.
After Stella explained Clints condition, she noticed how worn out Matthew Looked and, concerned, suggested, You should go home and get some rest.
Matthew snapped, Are you really that eager to get rid of me for someone else? Stella stared at him, unable to believe it at first, thinking he was joking, but his serious expression made it clear he wasnt.
The butler could sense the tension and asked for permission to leave, but Stella asked him to stay with Clint. She pulled Matthew into the hallway, her heart filled with confusion and frustration.
Matthew, what do you mean by that? Stella asked.
Matthew frowned.
Stella, you know what you did today.
Stella thought for a moment and quickly understood the situation.
After Betsey was taken to the police station, Lindsay would definitely reach out to Matthew.
Stella asked, Lindsay reached out to you, right? Matthews silence, his lips pressed together, said it all.
Stellas heart raced with anger.
You actually believed Betsey? How many times do I have to say that I dont have any inappropriate relationship with Sanford? Her voice trembled, tears welling up, her heart heavy with sorrow.
Matthew realized his mistake.
He reached to wipe away her tears, but she slapped his hand away.
Stella took a step back.
You should go home.
Im really tired.
Matthew wanted to say something, but Stella had already moved aside and started walking away.
He was following her when he saw Sanford coming toward them. Matthew stiffened at once.
Stella, too, froze when she saw Sanford.
Sanford, what are you doing here? she asked.
Sanford handed her the repaired phone and, seeing Matthew, greeted him casually, Youre here, Mr.
Clark? I picked up some late-night snacks.
Want some? Sanford stood there, holding a food container.
Matthews expression hardened as he stared at Sanford.
Remembering their last argument, Stella worried there might be another fight at the hospital.
###chapter2371
She stepped between them and said, I appreciate you bringing my phone, Sanford.
Im not hungry, so Ill pass on the snack.
Its late; you should head home and get some rest.
Matthew, looking at the phone, asked, Why was Stellas phone with you? Sanford laughed.
Do you know who Stella ran into at the mall today? Stella didnt want to bring up Betsey and Leona.
She interrupted, saying, Sanford, thats enough.
Matthew hated not knowing what was going on.
He asked, What happened with Betsey today? The recent argument had worn Stella out, and she wasnt ready for another fight with Matthew.
She said, Matthew, you came Looking for me, so you must already know.
Why ask it again? I only believe what you say, Matthew responded.
Stella thought this was ironic.
If you truly believed me, you wouldnt have shown up here, jumping to conclusions about me and Sanford. Her voice sounded exhausted, and her stomach hurt.
Quietly, she said, Matthew, please let me go.
There are cameras and store clerks who saw what happened.
If youre curious, you can check it out yourself.
With that, she turned and headed back to the ward.
Sanford was determined to give her the food container.
Stella, at Least have a little.
You need to keep your strength up.
A stifling tension settled over the hospital corridor.
Sanford stood there, his eyes full of unreadable emotion as he gazed at Stella.
This is food Kyra made.
She asked me to bring it.
Stella, if you dont take it, I wont be able to explain.
His voice sounded sincere.
Stella paused for a moment before taking the container.
Please thank her for me, and..
She paused, realizing she didnt need to say more.
Shaking her head, she added, Never mind.
Ill visit Kyra when Clints better.
She held the container, sensing a warmth inside.
She walked to the ward without Looking back at Matthew or Sanford.
Sanford watched her leave, and then turned to Matthew.
Mr.
Clark, should we leave together? His tone was a bit provocative.
Matthews expression was tense, his eyes filled with warning.
Stay away from Stella. His voice was steady and unfeeling.
Sanford scoffed, a look of disdain crossing his face.
I cant do that.
I knew Stella when she was a child, back when her father was around.
He asked me to look after her.
Im just honoring that promise.
If it werent for unexpected events, maybe Stella wouldnt have married you.
It was a lie, but Sanford achieved his goal.
As expected, Matthew was furious.
Matthews face grew even darker, his eyes filled with rage.
Without saying anything, he Landed a solid punch on Sanfords face.
Sanford didnt flinch, yet the sudden punch sent him staggering backward.
###chapter2372
He wiped the blood from the side of his mouth, his gaze never wavering from Matthews, defiance burning in his eyes.
In the ward, the butler, startled by the commotion, quickly flung the door open.
The sight of Sanford and Matthew facing off, their eyes alight with fury, made his heart skip a beat.
Mrs.
Clark, it appears theyre fighting.
Mr.
Quimby has blood on his Lip.
Should I contact hospital security? the butler inquired, his voice filled with worry and unease.
Stellas brow furrowed, her face hardening. Theres no need.
Setting down the food container shed been holding, she quickly Left the ward.
The moment she stepped outside, she saw Matthew preparing to throw another punch.
In a low, angry voice, she demanded, Matthew, havent you had enough? Sanford, his back to Stella, couldnt resist giving Matthew a faint, smug smile.
Sanford knew his words had hit their mark, igniting a fire in Matthew and sowing discord between him and Stella.
Stella stepped between them, her eyes narrowing as she caught sight of the blood at the corner of Sanfords mouth.
A spark of anger flared within her, sharp and unrelenting.
Turning to Matthew, she demanded, Are you serious? Sanford is like a brother to me.
To you, is he just someone you can strike? Seamarsh may be your territory, but does that give you the right to disrespect my family? Her voice quivered with a blend of anger and disappointment.
Matthew hurried to explain, his tone softened with regret.
I didnt mean it like that.
He realized that his impulsiveness had caused more harm for him.
But Stella wasnt in the mood to hear his excuses.
I dont want to hear explanations.
Youve caused enough trouble.
Leave now, so people wont be gossiping tomorrow about the Prosperity Groups CEO brawling in a hospital.
I cant bear this kind of humiliation.
Without sparing another glance at Matthew, she turned her attention to Sanfords wound.
Sanford offered a small smile but winced as the movement tugged at his injury.
Dont move, Stella said firmly. Matthew stood there, his gaze fixed on Stella as she showed concern for Sanford, jealousy burning hot and uncontrollable within him.
He grabbed Stellas hand roughly, yanking her away from Sanford.
His grip was firm, almost painful, and Stella winced as a sharp ache shot through her wrist.
Matthew, release me! she ordered sharply.
But Matthew didnt budge, his voice low and forceful.
I am your husband, he declared.
Stellas eyes locked onto his, her expression cold and unforgiving.
Youre truly disgusting right now.
At Stellas harsh words, Matthew felt a wave of dizziness wash over him.
###chapter2373
He watched as she pulled her hand free from his grip and turned to walk away with Sanford.
Matthew stood there, frozen, as regret, loss, and helplessness churned inside him.
As the elevator doors closed, Stella and Sanford stood in tense silence.
Breaking the silence, Sanford spoke quietly, his voice calm but sincere.
Its not all Matthews fault for resorting to fists; I share the blame.
Stellas chest tightened with a mix of disappointment and anger toward Matthew.
You dont have to defend Matthew.
Ever since he lost his memory, hes changed.
He no Longer knows how to treat the people around me properly.
Sanford sighed heavily. It seems Ive created another disagreement between you two.
Stella fell silent, her thoughts a tangled mess.
The silence lingered between them for a while before Sanford said, You go up and take care of Clint.
I can handle this minor injury myself.
Stella pushed aside her swirling thoughts and refocused on Sanford.
No, you were hurt because of me.
I have to make sure your injury is properly taken care of, she insisted.
When the elevator doors slid open, they stepped out together, and Stella immediately went to a nurse to retrieve an ointment and cotton swabs.
In the quiet corridor, she began to gently tend to Sanfords wound.
The two stood very close, Stella Looking solemn as she carefully cleaned Sanfords wound.
Sanford watched her, his mind restless.
Earlier, Declan had called, insisting Stella come to his place so Declan could hypnotize her and uncover the location of Koris treasure map hidden in her memories.
Declans methods were always extreme, and Sanford instinctively wanted to protect Stella, not hurt her.
But he knew he couldnt stop Declans plan.
Stellas movements pulled him from his thoughts.
She stepped back, avoiding his gaze.
I have taken care of the wound Take the ointment and apply it tomorrow.
Thank you, he murmured.
As she turned to leave, he called her hesitantly, saying, Stella, have you seen Declan lately? Looking puzzled, she replied, I saw him a few days ago.
We even had lunch. Why? Sanford shrugged.
Its nothing.
Stella turned around, ready to leave.
Sanford stopped her again.
If he invites you over soon, find a way to say no.
Stella was confused.
Why? Declans rules are strict at home, unlike when hes out, Sanford explained quickly.
And you might be too busy to handle it all.
Stella nodded, agreeing without much thought.
Alright, I understand.
###chapter2374
You should head back to Clint.
Ill pick up the food container tomorrow, he said.
Theres no need, she replied.
Ill take it to the Lowells when I go.
Sanford nodded, letting her leave without another word.
Sanford walked away, gripping the ointment tube tightly, unsure how to protect Stella.
When Stella returned to the floor where Clints ward was, she found Matthew still in the corridor.
She frowned but said nothing, walking past him toward the door.
Just as she reached for the handle, his voice stopped her. Im sorry.
She paused abruptly, her hand hovering over the handle, emotions swirling.
Matthew looked at her and added, I was impulsive tonight.
It wont happen again.
Rest-Ill stay here and wake you if anything happens.
Stella stood silently, her emotions in turmoil.
After a moment, she said, Matthew, you should go home; the people here are enough.
The butler can handle things.
You wont be of much help.
But Matthew insisted, Dont worry about me.
Fernando will bring some work later, and Ill take care of it here.
He couldnt leave, not after his impulsive actions earlier.
Stella sighed.
Suit yourself.
She turned, pushed open the door, and stepped inside.
As she leaned against the door, her mind raced.
She wondered if her relationship with Matthew could ever be the same or if their future was already lost.
The butler, hearing the noise, turned around and approached her.
He asked with concern, What was happening outside? Stella didnt want to worry him, so she forced a calm expression. It was nothing, she said.
She quickly changed the subject.
Has my grandpa woken up? The butler shook his head.
No.
Noticing his exhaustion, Stella softened.
You should go get some rest.
Ill stay here and keep watch.
The butler hesitated for a moment, and then nodded.
He knew he needed rest to be able to care for Clint properly.
###chapter2375
Stella settled into the chair by Clints bedside, her expression serene yet weighed down with worry.
She whispered silent prayers for his recovery, her eyes never straying from his peaceful face.
After some time, she went to the bathroom in the ward.
It was there she noticed blood staining her underwear.
Assuming it to be her period, Stella quickly freshened up and returned to Clints side, brushing the incident aside without much thought.
In the hospitals bustling corridor, Fernando appeared in a flurry, his arms laden with documents.
He had also sent the malls surveillance footage straight to Matthews phone, following up on his late-night instructions.
After pulling an all-nighter to piece together every detail, Fernando now stood silently by, awaiting Matthews next move.
Matthews jaw tightened as he reviewed the footage. His expression grew stormier with each passing second.
Finally, he barked out, Send Betsey and Leona back to Osemery first thing tomorrow.
He was determined to keep them from creating any further chaos in Stellas life.
Robin spent the night indulging in alcohol at the bar, stumbling home as the first Light of dawn crept over the horizon.
Barely managing to stay upright, he staggered out of the elevator to his apartment floor, only to be greeted by the sound of Betseys fiery voice echoing down the hallway.
At his doorstep, three men in sharp suits were manhandling Betsey and Leona, attempting to force them away.
Nearby, Lindsay sat in her wheelchair, her cheeks flushed with worry, looking utterly unsure of how to intervene Robins protective instincts kicked in instantly.
He stepped forward, brushing the mens hands aside with a firm shove and positioning himself like a human shield in front of Betsey.
Who are you? he barked, his voice sharp and laced with anger, his glare cutting through them like a blade.
One of the men, unfazed, replied in a flat tone, Were acting on Matthews orders to escort the Wheeler family back.
With Robin now in front of her, Betseys confidence flared.
Were not leaving! Even if Matthew has a lot of influence in Seamarsh, he doesnt have the right to kick us out of here! she snapped, her voice ringing with defiance.
The men didnt budge.
Were just following instructions, one of them retorted evenly.
Your cooperation would be appreciated.
Leona, her face flushed with righteous fury, Lashed out, saying, Matthews gone too far this time! Hes nothing but an arrogant bully.
Still slightly drunk, Robin smirked arrogantly and slurred, The Wheeler family saved Matthews sorry life, and this is how he repays us? If hes not careful, we might just take it right back! His words were reckless, dripping with thinly veiled threats.
The mens expressions darkened; they clearly didnt expect this level of audacity. Lindsay, sensing things spiraling out of control, frowned at Robin.
Robin, enough! Go sober up before you make things worse.
Her tone was firm but edged with concern, as she knew his current state was a powder keg ready to explode.
Robin, undeterred and brimming with bravado, shot back.
I dont fear Matthew.
If hes got the nerve, let him face me himself.
Ill take him on, one-on-one! His tone was sharp, his eyes blazing with defiance and challenge.
Lindsay let out a heavy sigh, her shoulders sagging under the weight of the chaos.
She glanced around helplessly, unable to find an easy way to de-escalate the situation.
###chapter2376
Leonas voice rose in indignation as she shouted, Unless Matthew shows up here himself to explain, were not going anywhere! If they so much as lay a hand on me again, Ill drop right here, and if I get hurt, well sue them.
Lets see if theres any law left in Seamarsh! Her tirade gained momentum, her sharp words slicing through the tension.
What exactly is Matthew trying to prove? Why should we be forced to leave? Weve done nothing wrong and are perfectly fine living here.
Betsey quickly added fuel to the fire, her own fury simmering beneath the surface.
Exactly! Were not budging.
Seamarsh doesnt belong to Matthew alone! The bodyguards, now caught in a storm of fiery resistance, exchanged uneasy glances.
With Leona and Betseys relentless uproar making their task increasingly complicated, one of them reluctantly stepped aside to call Fernando, seeking further instructions on how to handle the stand-off.
As dawn crept across the sky, Fernando arrived at the hospital, his arms laden with a breakfast feast and a fresh set of clothes for Matthew.
He had barely set foot inside when he received a call from a bodyguard, who briefed him thoroughly on the situation at Lindsays side. Eager to relay the details, he quickly approached Matthew.
Matthew, visibly weary, his features clouded with annoyance, dismissed the information with a brisk flick of his hand.
His voice was terse as he said, Skip the trivialities.
I only care about the results.
Acknowledging with a swift nod, Fernando responded promptly, Understood, Mr.
Clark.
Ill make sure the bodyguards take care of it.
If Robin causes trouble, well include him as well.
The bodyguard acknowledged and added, Miss Wheeler would like a word with Mr.
Clark.
Upon receiving a confirming nod from Matthew, Fernando passed the phone to him.
Lindsays voice filtered through, laced with bewilderment and subtle distress.
Matthew, whats the reason behind sending my family away? Have they somehow offended you? Although conflicted internally-secretly pleased at the thought of Betsey and Leonas departure-Lindsays isolation in Seamarsh sharpened her longing for their presence.
After all, they would cause trouble for Stella from time to time, which was what Lindsay wanted.
With an air of indifference, Matthew curtly replied, If you prefer, youre welcome to join them.
Quickly retracting her words, Lindsay responded, No, that wasnt my intention.
Im just trying to grasp the reason behind their abrupt removal.
Whats driving this decision? Without offering an explanation, Matthew dismissed the matter as unworthy of his time.
Lindsay pressed on hesitantly. Could it be related to Stella? If shes having issues with Betsey and Leona, Im ready to address them.
Matthew quickly refused, saying, Theres no need for that.
Theyve more than overstayed their welcomeits high time they departed.
Biting back a retort, Lindsay decided it wasnt worth the fight and opted to prioritize her own protection.
Redirecting the flow of their conversation, she asked, Matthew, what time should we set off for my rehabilitation session today? Matthews response was terse.
Later.
At that moment, Stella swung the door open, halting abruptly as her eyes met Matthews unexpected presence at the door.
He briskly concluded his phone call and passed the phone back to Fernando, who drifted off to address other pending matters.
Turning his attention to Stella, Matthew said, I had Fernando bring breakfast for you and Clint.
###chapter2377
Stella acknowledged him with a simple nod, her expression unreadable.
Matthew reached out for her hand, intending to lead her inside together.
However, Stella skillfully dodged his touch, maintaining a distance.
Fixing her with a probing look, he challenged her.
Would you prefer Clint to witness our squabble? Stella appeared momentarily adrift in her thoughts, her focus wavering.
Seizing the moment, Matthew gently guided her through the doorway.
Inside, Clint greeted them, his smile wide and welcoming.
Matthew joined Clint at the table, enveloped by the inviting aroma of breakfast.
Feeling somewhat obligated, Stella hesitantly settled into the chair beside them.
Clint could feel the underlying tension, and as breakfast wrapped up and Matthew geared up to depart, Clint turned to Stella with a casual dismissal.
Stella, go to work. You dont need to stick around for me.
It was just a minor fall, nothing to worry about.
Matthew glanced at Stella, his eyes filled with a silent plea for agreement.
Stella looked at Clint, her tone leaving no room for argument.
Grandpa, Ive arranged for Doreen to bring my work to the hospital.
Ill stay with you for a thorough check-up Later.
The doctor said theres a chance you hit your head, and thats not something we can ignore.
Clint made another attempt to convince Stella, reluctant to let her put off her work on his account.
Stella, I assure you, Im perfectly fine.
Dont sacrifice your day over this.
Our butler is more than capable of attending to my needs.
Unmoved, Stellas resolve did not waver as she turned to address Matthew, her words sharp and calm.
You have commitments too-Lindsay is expecting you for her rehabilitation session.
Its crucial youre not late.
Her tone carried a hint of coldness, as though she were intentionally putting space between herself and Matthew.
Matthew felt a wave of resignation; arguing was useless in the current setting.
He complied with a resigned nod.
Understood, Ill take care of it.
Expect me back here after my day ends.
With a final look, he exited.
Stella watched his retreating figure, her face a mask of stoic calm, the silence around her stretching long after he had gone.
When Matthew closed the door behind him with a click, Clint glanced at Stella, who was clearing the table. He raised an eyebrow and asked, Stella, is everything okay between you and Matthew? He brought breakfast early today-seems like hes trying to make amends, doesnt it? Stella kept her focus on stacking the dishes, her tone dismissive as she answered, Oh, bringing breakfast? Thats hardly a grand gesture.
He could have just as easily asked someone else to do it.
Despite Clints attempts to smooth things over, Stella remained indifferent.
Her concerns lay elsewhere, not with her tension with Matthew but with Clints health, which was a constant weight on her mind.
She put aside her worries temporarily when Doreen showed up.
Stella urged Clint to get some rest, and then accompanied Doreen to the Lounge in the VIP ward.
Doreen had brought a stack of urgent documents with her.
Upon seeing Stella, she extended them, saying, Stella, these need your immediate attention.
Stella took the documents, but her thoughts quickly shifted as she inquired, And how are you, Doreen? Is your foot feeling any better? Doreens expression softened, touched by the concern.
Much better, thank you, she replied gratefully.
###chapter2378
A moment later, Doreen mentioned, I just ran into Mr.
Clark in the hallway.
Stella paused, her expression unreadable.
Lindsay has her rehabilitation session today, she stated calmly.
Realizing her blunder, Doreen bit her Lip and fell silent.
She watched as Stella dug through her bag for something and realized she had forgotten to hand over a pen.
She hurriedly grabbed a pen from her bag and placed it in Stellas hand.
I just remembered I hadnt given you a pen.
Stella took the pen, murmuring, Ive misplaced my pen. Would you mind checking at the office later to see if I left it on my desk? Its a fountain pen with my name on it.
Doreen nodded eagerly.
Of course, Ill search for it as soon as I return.
Wasting no time, Stella handled the documents and asked, How are we doing with the orders after the Launch event? Doreen responded with optimism, Everythings proceeding well, and Sanford has sent over some extra fabrics.
Ill be extra careful with them this time.
Stella gave a nod of approval.
Excellent, just make sure theyre well looked after.
Doreen, feigning casual interest while her curiosity about Dexter simmered, casually brought up the warehouse fire investigation with Stella.
Have there been any developments in the warehouse fire investigation? Its a complex case, but Dexter is still on it, Stella answered.
Seizing the moment, Doreen asked if she could contribute.
Avoiding Stellas scrutinizing look, she admitted, Im really sorry for the lapse that nearly cost us so much.
As a way to make amends, Id like to help with the investigation.
Understanding her intent, Stellas expression softened, and she agreed.
Alright, Ill get in touch with Dexter and see if you can assist him A nurse dashed toward the entrance of Clints hospital room, her tone brisk and professional as she announced, The time has come for the patients check-up.
Upon the nurses interruption, Stella swiftly turned to Doreen, her voice tinged with urgency.
Could you please take these documents back to the studio? Its essential that I stay here to assist Grandpa during his check-up.
Doreen acknowledged with a firm nod, her hands deftly gathering the scattered documents.
Doreen had just wrapped up and was preparing to leave for the studio when Stella suddenly recalled the incident at the store entrance from yesterday. Oh, Doreen, would you mind stopping by the store on your way? I might have Left my pen there when I dropped my bag at the entrance yesterday.
Perhaps check the security cameras to see if it was picked up? Stella directed calmly.
Absolutely, Ill inspect the area thoroughly, Doreen assured, her tone reassuring.
She walked out of the hospital, Leaving Stella to return to the room and accompany Clint to his check-up.
At the same time, Matthew and Fernando made their way to the hospital where Ronan was treating Lindsay.
During the drive, Fernando filled Matthew in with a cautious tone.
The Wheeler family has returned, yet Robin remains.
With a faint nod, Matthew acknowledged the statement but chose to stay silent.
As they pulled up to the hospital, Lindsays bodyguard arrived at almost the same moment.
###chapter2379
Earlier, Lindsay had been waiting eagerly, hoping Matthew would personally arrive to pick her up.
Yet, when only the bodyguard showed up, a wave of disappointment washed over her.
Now, as she watched Matthew get out of his car, she wished he would come forward to assist her out of the car, but he remained still, showing no intention of helping.
The bodyguard pushed Lindsays wheelchair toward him, but he turned away and walked directly into the hospital.
Inside the elevator, Lindsay looked up at him, her eyes brimming with tears.
With a voice laced with sorrow, she said, Matthew, if you dont want to be here, you dont have to force yourself.
Or we can stop the treatment altogether.
Ive accepted my situation and wont use it to tie you down.
Matthew replied indifferently, Youre imagining things.
Focus on recovering.
Everything else is irrelevant. She wanted to continue, but the elevator doors opened.
Matthew exited first, leaving Lindsay to watch his retreating figure, her heart clouded with unease.
She couldnt grasp why Matthew, after losing his memory, had rekindled feelings for Stella.
Clearly, after returning from Sothrea, Matthew had intended to divorce.
Consumed by her thoughts, Lindsay was brought into Ronans office by the bodyguard.
Throughout their discussion, it was Matthew and Ronan who spoke, with Matthew expressing his intention to seek treatment abroad for Lindsay.
Ronan, however, opposed the idea, considering it unwise.
The travel and change in environment might hinder her recovery.
Matthew frowned, deep in thought, before turning to Lindsay.
Whats your take on this? Lindsay looked at Matthew, hesitated for a moment, and said, I think Ronans approach makes sense.
Id prefer staying in Seamarsh for now.
Matthew respected her decision.
Alright, well proceed with the current plan.
He then suggested accompanying her to her rehabilitation session.
Flustered, Lindsay stammered, I… Matthew… I dont want you to watch.
He frowned slightly, confused.
Why not? Whats there that cant be seen? If Im here to support you, I would want to see what the process involves.
His tone was calm, but his confusion was evident.
He couldnt understand why Lindsay would have such thoughts.
Lindsays eyes were filled with panic as she hurriedly explained, Rehab is painful, and my face might be… distorted with pain.
I dont want you to see me like that.
She seemed anxious, as though afraid that Matthew might think less of her because of this. Matthew, unfazed, waved off her concern.
Its fine.
If Im accompanying you, it means Ill be there for everything.
Its all part of helping you recover.
Without waiting for a response, he headed toward the rehabilitation room.
Seeing Matthew so determined, Lindsay grew even more flustered and instinctively reached out, trying to stop him.
However, Matthew failed to notice her sudden movement and continued walking ahead.
As a result, Lindsay lost her balance and fell to the floor, the wheelchair toppling over onto her.
The noise made Matthew stop in his tracks.
He turned quickly, alarmed.
###chapter2380
When he saw Lindsay sprawled on the floor, he hurried back, carefully lifting the wheelchair off her.
His voice carried a touch of frustration as he said, What were you thinking? That was reckless! Do you realize you could have made your injury worse? Lindsay looked up at him, her expression aggrieved, her eyes glistening with unshed tears.
In a quiet, trembling voice, she murmured, Im sorry ~ I didnt mean to.
I just didnt want you to see me Like this… Her words faltered, breaking off as her emotions overwhelmed her.
Matthew Let out an exasperated sigh before helping Lindsay to her feet.
After Lindsays dramatic outburst, Matthew had Lost the desire to watch her rehabilitation session.
Never mind.
Forget it.
Ill have Ronan send me todays results instead. I have urgent matters to attend to at the company, so Ill be Leaving now.
He then turned to Fernando, who was standing nearby.
Stay here and make sure to take Lindsay home afterward.
Fernando nodded.
Yes, sir.
Once Matthew left, a nurse pushed Lindsays wheelchair into the rehabilitation room, with Ronan following behind.
Fernando, on the other hand, waited outside.
Meanwhile, Robin arrived at the car dealership.
He Looked around the place but didnt see Stella, so he went over and asked an employee nearby.
Wheres the car belonging to the woman I spoke with last time? It took the employee a moment to realize that Robin was referring to Stella.
Our staff are returning the car to Mrs.
Clark, the employee responded truthfully.
Robin said nothing more and drove away from the dealership.
Once he was back on the road, he made a few calls, planning to go for drinks with his friends that evening.
Just as he hung up on one friend after making plans, he spotted Stellas car.
A mischievous glint appeared in Robins eyes as an idea occurred to him at that moment.
He stepped on the accelerator and rammed into Stellas car without hesitation.
The dealership employees in Stellas car were shocked by Robins action, panic written all over their faces.
They hadnt expected Robin to do something so reckless and crazy.
They didnt know what to do. What was the best course of action in a situation Like this? One brave employee got out of Stellas car and approached Robins.
Hey, what on earth are you doing? he demanded.
This was intentional! Unfortunately, Robin seemed unfazed.
He made no move to get out of the car at all.
He leaned against the car window, giving the employee a nonchalant gaze.
Tell Stella to contact me for the insurance.
With that, Robin put on his sunglasses, gunned the engine, and sped away from the scene.
The employees just stood there in bewildered silence.
They exchanged worried glances, unsure of how to react or what to do next.
###chapter2381
Eventually, one employee remembered to call Stella and quickly dialed her number.
Mrs.
Clark, we offer our deepest apologies.
We did not expect something Like this to happen, he said after explaining what had occurred.
Stella was still at the hospital, waiting for Clints medical examination results.
She Listened to the report from the employee, her jaw clenching as fury burned inside her.
Even so, she maintained her composure.
Have the car driven back to the dealership.
I will handle the rest, she said.
The employee was immensely relieved by her understanding.
Thank you so much, he said gratefully, thanking her one more time.
Stella didnt respond further and ended the call. When Clint emerged from the examination room, he immediately noticed the tense expression on her face.
Whats wrong? he asked with concern.
Did something happen? Stella shook her head.
She didnt want to worry her grandfather.
She could handle this on her own.
Just some complicated work issues, she assured him.
Its nothing to worry about.
She then turned to the nurse.
How did my grandfathers examination go? The full examination results will be available this afternoon, the nurse informed her.
Stella nodded and helped Clint back to his hospital room.
That afternoon, the doctor and the nurse arrived with the test results in hand.
The patient has a mild concussion, the doctor reported.
We will need to keep him in the hospital for a few more days to observe his condition.
Thank you, doctor, Stella said.
The doctor nodded.
Youre welcome.
These arrangements were all made by Matthew.
Stella blinked in surprise but nodded and escorted the doctor out of the room.
When she returned, Clint was waiting for her.
He didnt want to delay her from her urgent work matters.
Stella, you should head back to the office.
Ill be fine here, he assured her.
The doctor said I only need to be monitored, so my condition isnt that serious.
Besides, the butler will be here to look after me in the meantime. ALL right, Grandpa, Stella said, already mentally strategizing ways to handle the issue with Robin.
Ill come back Later, okay? With that, she left the hospital, not forgetting to message Dexter to track down Robins location.
Dexter wasted no time sending Stella the address of the club where Robin was holding court.
He then asked, Do you need me there? Stella hesitated, images of Robins smug arrogance flashing through her mind.
The thought of a confrontation turning physical made her stomach turn.
After a brief pause, she said firmly, Yes, come over.
Dexters presence would give her the backup she might need.
Once off the phone, Dexter quickly relayed the details of Stellas predicament to Sanford.
Sanfords face hardened with concern.
As he reached for his coat, he gave his orders.
Go with Stella and protect her.
###chapter2382
The worry in his voice was unmistakable, betraying his deep concern for her safety.
Stella arrived at the club first.
Dexter wasnt far behind.
They exchanged no words about their mission to confront Robin; their silent agreement was enough.
Now was a time for action, not words.
Together, they navigated through the pulsing music and crowds toward Robins private room.
Dexter pushed open the door, and immediately a womans scream sliced through the thumping bass.
The room was a mess, the air tainted with the smell of spilled drinks and sweat.
Robin, lost in the throes of the party, caught sight of Stella. His initial frown morphed into a cocky grin.
With a dismissive gesture, he shooed away the woman beside him and let her top up his drink before taunting, Stella, made it here quick.
Looks like that car is your favorite, huh? His voice was laced with a challenge.
Stellas eyes were icy with resolve and simmering anger.
Without missing a beat, she strode forward, snatched a glass of wine from a nearby table, and drenched Robins sneering face with it.
He swore and leapt to his feet, furiously wiping his face.
Before he could retaliate, Stella swung a bottle, smashing it against his shoulder.
The glass shattered with a sharp crack, embedding shards into his flesh.
Robin howled in pain, his hand moving instinctively to strike back, but Dexter was quick to step in.
Robin shot a glare at Dexter, hissing.
Who are you, another one of Stellas lovers? He struggled against Dexters firm grip.
Stellas eyes turned frosty at Robins words.
She issued a chilling warning.
Stay away from me.
If your mother and grandmother dare slander me again, it wont just end with a trip to the police station.
She thrust the repair bill at him, her voice unwavering.
Settle this.
Robins shoulder pulsed with pain, and his wrist was sore from Dexters strong hold. In a burst of anger, he blurted out, Betsey and Leona have been sent back by Matthew.
Stellas face registered shock, but she swiftly masked her surprise.
Catching her fleeting reaction, Robin taunted, Matthew was planning to divorce you before.
Stella, how did you manage to make him change his mind? You must have worked very hard to stay his wife.
His gaze dropped insolently to Stellas chest, igniting her fury.
Without a seconds hesitation, Stellas hand flew up and slapped him hard across the face.
Robin clenched his jaw and snapped, Im not paying anything.
The Clarks owe Lindsay a pair of legs.
Were already doing Matthew a favor by not taking his life.
###chapter2383
Stella stood her ground and said bluntly, The Clarks are responsible for Lindsay, not the whole Wheeler family.
Deep down, you know whether Lindsay means family to you or just a cash cow.
Pay up! Or youre not walking out that door.
Robin opened his mouth to argue, but Dexter intervened, placing a firm hand on his shoulder.
With a stern look, Dexter warned, You need to treat that injury right away, or you might end up losing your arm.
Taken aback by Dexters words, Robin quickly had someone beside him give Stella the money.
After taking the money, Stella threw a few bills on the table to cover Robins medical bills.
Before she left, she shot a piercing look at Robin and said coldly, An eye for an eye.
If youre Looking to lose the other arm, keep crashing into my car. With that, she turned and left the room with Dexter.
Robins face flushed with anger.
What are you all gawking at? Take me to the hospital, now! His friends cautiously helped him out, and as they entered the lobby, they saw the clubs manager hurrying toward them with a group of staff.
Robin was clearly displeased with the managers slow response as he threatened sharply, This isnt the end of it.
Once Im healed, you and I are going to settle this.
The manager, drenched in sweat, watched as Robin and his friends left.
He had intended to intervene and stop the escalating conflict, but was held back.
With a resigned sigh, he looked back toward a corner.
Sanford stood against the light, his figure slightly blurred.
Sanford turned slightly and then walked off.
When Stella and Dexter came out of the club, Stella walked toward her car and asked, Whats the status of the investigation on the warehouse fire? Dexter frowned slightly and responded, We havent found the culprit yet.
He then asked, Has Doreen received your approval to join the investigation? Stella nodded.
Yes.
Shes been feeling guilty.
Please, give her a chance to help.
Shes quite skilled.
It looked Like Dexter wanted to say something but he struggled to find the right word.
So, he just managed to say, Alright, I understand. They went their separate ways at the parking lot.
Stella drove off, while Dexter returned to his car.
Just then, the back door opened and Sanford entered and sat down.
Sanford turned to Dexter and asked, What exactly happened with Robin and Stella? Dexter laid out the entire incident for Sanford.
Listening to the account, Sanford scoffed, clearly filled with scorn for Robins behavior.
Meanwhile, Sanford noticed that the tension between Matthew and Stella had softened.
This changed dynamic could complicate matters for him.
He leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes, carefully pondering his next strategic move.
###chapter2384
Stella arrived back at the hospital only to find Matthew in the ward.
As she entered, Clint greeted her with a smile.
Stella, Matthew has been here for some time, keeping me company.
Clint continued to sing Matthews praises, hoping to smooth over any lingering tension between them.
Stella nodded slightly, not saying anything.
As she went to pour herself a glass of water, she noticed a cut on her hand.
It was Likely from the glass shards earlier.
Just as she was about to pull her hand back, Matthew caught it.
Matthews concern was evident as he asked loudly, How did you get hurt? Clint turned when he heard this, also looking worried. Stella blurted out hastily, I think I accidentally scratched it.
As she attempted to retract her hand, Matthew held on firmly, his gaze laden with worry and affection.
Stella tried to downplay it, insisting, Honestly, its just a minor scratch, nothing to fuss over.
Clint, witnessing the exchange, firmly suggested, Matthew, do take Stella to have that cut attended to.
Nights falling, and Im all set to call it a day.
Theres no need for either of you to camp out at the hospital.
Head home and get some rest.
Stella, eager to stay by Clints side, interjected with a hopeful tone, Grandpa, I really want to stay here with you tonight.
But Clint had already reclined in his bed, effectively ignoring her offer.
Matthew glanced at Stella with a gentle firmness and advised, We should let him rest peacefully.
He then ushered her into an adjacent room, almost a mirror image of Clints but noticeably less furnished.
With a quick sweep of the room, Stella moved to go, muttering, This really is just a tiny scratch.
Ill just clean it up and slap on a band -aid.
Lets not occupy this space unnecessarily-someone else might need it.
Contrary to her suggestion, Matthew said, Ive actually booked this room last night.
If youre not keen on going home, you can stay and rest here.
Ill watch the door.
At that moment, Fernando gave a gentle knock on the door and peeked in. He quietly handed Matthew the medical kit and some band-aids, offered a quick smile, and slipped out, softly shutting the door behind him.
Stella perched uneasily on the sofa, her eyes darting around the room.
Opposite her, Matthew claimed a spot on the low table, his legs spread slightly-a posture that seemed to encircle her.
He cradled her hand tenderly, treating her wound with a deftness that allowed their eyes to meet occasionally.
In the stillness of the room, a palpable intimacy began to weave its way between them.
Matthews attention never wavered from the task at hand; he tended to Stellas wound as if it were the worlds sole focus.
His gaze softened, radiating warmth and care, which coaxed a blush from Stella and made direct eye contact a challenge for her.
Seeking to puncture the growing closeness, Stella turned her head away and queried, Is it done? Her voice trembled slightly, revealing a trace of underlying tension.
###chapter2385
Just a little longer, Matthew responded, his voice smooth and unhurried, savoring the proximity.
A restless stir took hold within Stella, urging her to seek a diversion.
How did Lindsay handle her rehab session today? she asked, hoping to steer the conversation elsewhere.
Matthews reply came brief and emotionless.
No issues.
His voice was monotone, making it clear he had no interest in discussing the matter further.
A hint of turmoil flickered in Stellas expression as she struggled to find the right words to keep the discussion going. At last, after carefully placing the band-aid on her wound, Matthew watched as Stella hastily retracted her hand, leapt to her feet, and made a swift attempt to exit.
Her abrupt departure was halted when her foot entangled with Matthews accidentally extended leg.
With a quick reflexive motion, Matthew reached out, securing her waist with his arm and drawing her tightly against him.
Caught off guard by the abrupt intimacy, Stella gasped.
Matthew, sensing something amiss, detected a trace of alcohol in the air around her and raised an eyebrow.
Were you out drinking earlier? Stella, still reeling from the unexpected closeness, managed to muster a quick denial.
Absolutely not.
She pushed firmly on Matthews chest, her fingers pressing into the fabric of his shirt as she tried to regain her footing.
Ignoring her resistance, Matthew leaned in closer, his nose just inches from hers, taking another delicate sniff.
Yet, theres a distinct scent of alcohol about you, he murmured, his breath mingling with hers.
He looked intently into her eyes, their faces so near that they shared the same breath.
They locked eyes, as though time itself had come to a standstill.
Tension mounted within Stella, her mind clouded with doubts about Matthews stance regarding the Wheeler family after their recent conflicts.
Since her issues with Robin were resolved, she didnt want to mention him again.
Each second felt heavier as Stella grappled with finding the right words.
At that moment, the door flew open abruptly, slicing through the tension. Upon seeing what was happening inside, Neville and Miley quickly reacted, with Miley exclaiming, We didnt see a thing, promise! They promptly shut the door behind them.
Stella hurriedly disentangled herself from Matthews embrace, stumbling back onto the sofa.
Her heart pounded wildly, and her face burned with embarrassment .
Matthew, slightly displeased, remarked with a teasing tone, Were married, and we werent doing anything.
Do you really need to panic Like this? Not as thick-skinned as him, Stella shot back, If youd let go sooner, we wouldnt have been caught.
Adjusting her clothes, she prepared to Leave the room.
Before she could walk away, Matthew reached out, gently holding her hand.
###chapter2386
His voice softened, tinged with a hint of pleading.
Talk to me.
Youve been ignoring me all day and night.
Ive already reflected on my mistakes.
Stellas expression was unwavering as she replied, Lets see how you behave.
With that, she spun on her heel and left the room.
Out in the hallway, Neville and Miley were enthusiastically recounting the scene to Cordell, who had been waiting outside.
The moment Stella emerged, their laughter died down, and they fell silent, though their amusement was still evident.
Stellas cheeks flushed an even deeper shade of red.
Matthew followed her out and directed a stern look at Neville and Cordell. Enough is enough.
What brings you here? Neville glanced between Matthew and Stella before explaining, We heard Clint was hospitalized, so we came to check in.
Plus, Cordell has something to discuss.
Cordell stepped forward and added, Ive located a specialist for Matthews condition.
It depends on Matthews schedule, and I can arrange for the doctor to visit Seamarsh.
Upon hearing this, tension and worry instantly clouded Stellas face.
For a moment, the natural rhythm of her recent interactions with Matthew had made her forget the gravity of the health issue Looming over him.
Her gaze locked onto Matthew, her unease evident in her eyes.
Matthews expression turned serious, and he instinctively glanced at Stella, their eyes meeting in a silent exchange of concern.
Cordell broke the moment, his tone steady but urgent.
The surgery needs to be done as soon as possible.
Delaying it could increase the risks significantly.
Stella averted her gaze, turning toward Cordell with a determined yet anxious expression.
Can the doctor you found guarantee the success of the surgery? she asked, her voice laced with worry.
Cordell responded with measured honesty, Theres no guarantee of complete success.
Every surgery has its risks.
But this doctor is a leading authority in the field and will do everything in his power to ensure the best outcome.
Matthew reached for Stellas hand, his grip both firm and reassuring.
Looking at Cordell, he said with quiet determination, Lets schedule it for this week.
He knew the time for hesitation had passed.
He couldnt bear to let Stella continue worrying, and he understood the urgency of acting now. After briefly visiting Clint in the next room, the three returned, their thoughts weighed down by what lay ahead.
Stella walked back absentmindedly, her mind consumed by thoughts of Matthews condition.
The weight of Cordells words lingered heavily in her heart.
Sensing her distraction, Matthew gently pulled her into the next room.
He had noticed how frequently her thoughts seemed to drift, and he knew exactly what was troubling her.
Wrapping his arms around her, he held her close, his voice soft yet reassuring.
Trust Cordell, and trust me.
Ill be fine.
Stella nodded, her voice barely above a whisper.
Im just a bit uneasy.
###chapter2387
She leaned into his embrace, finding solace in his warmth and quiet strength.
Matthew stroked her hair gently, his words filled with quiet determination.
I want nothing more than to regain my memory and remember our past.
I dont want my mind to remain a blank slate.
He knew the pain his amnesia had caused Stella-the uncertainty, the distance it had created.
More than anything, he longed to restore their lives to the way they had been before, to ease the burden she had been carrying.
Stella stayed silent, her head resting against his chest, her heart weighed down with worry.
The unknown loomed over herwould the surgery be successful? Would Matthew ever regain the memories they had shared? Matthew picked up the thread of their earlier conversation.
Who were you out with today? I thought Miley was with you, but clearly, I was wrong.
It seems like shes the only one you really hang out with.
Clouds of suspicion gathered in his mind, darkening his mood as the image of Sanford flashed before him. Wrapped in his arms, Stella missed the storm brewing on his face.
The last thing she wanted was to drag Robin into the conversation, leading to a discussion about Lindsay again.
Gently pulling away, she offered a vague excuse.
I had a dinner for work.
Im just going to freshen up.
Her heart raced with the fear of being caught out in her lie, dreading that any further questions might lead to the revelation of the truth.
+ Matthew watched her retreat, her every step radiating the urge to escape his probing.
Pulling out his phone, he contemplated a plan to uncover the truth.
As he tapped the call button, his resolve wavered.
If Sanford was the man she met, what then? Fernandos voice pulled him from his thoughts.
Mr.
Clark? Did you find out how Robin was released from the station? Matthew asked, his voice a mix of hope and urgency.
We might be looking at a link with the Charles family, though Im still piecing the evidence together, Fernando reported.
Matthews expression turned steely.
Keep digging and put a tail on Leona and Betsey too.
Ending the call, he gazed through the window, pondering the tangled webs weaving between the Wheeler and Charles families.
The next morning, the sun spilled golden light across Lindsays dining table.
She sat leisurely amid the morning bustle of her servant.
The servant dropped a casual update.
Mr.
Wheeler didnt come home last night.
Lindsay barely looked up from her coffee. Her tolerance for Robins antics had evaporated long ago; he was nothing more than a nuisance now.
Lindsay continued with her breakfast, seemingly unfazed by the servants news.
However, the calm was shattered when Robin stormed in, his face marred by fresh injuries.
The servant gasped.
Mr.
Wheeler, what happened to you? Lindsay finally looked up, her eyes narrowing at the sight of Robins battered face.
With a tone tinged with irritation, she demanded, What mess have you Landed in now? Robin dropped into the seat next to her, anger seething in his voice.
This is all Stellas fault! he blurted out, his accusation filling the room.
You promised youd push Stella out so you could marry Matthew.
But whats happening? Stellas just getting bolder, and Matthews treating her even better.
What about you? Youre gaining nothing.
###chapter2388
Lindsays expression darkened.
As the servant approached with a tray of breakfast, she dismissed her with a wave, her gaze locked on Robin.
The conversation they were about to have was not for prying ears.
Robin, unsettled by her silence, pressed her further Are you going to handle this or not? If not, Im off back to Osemery Lindsay paused, her determination visible.
Just a little more time, she replied, her voice firm.
She wasnt ready to give up her pursuit of Matthew just yet.
Robin grabbed a sandwich, but as he did, he pulled at his wound and winced, cursing under his breath.
Lindsay, I really think you should rethink your strategy.
He groaned, the pain lending urgency to his voice.
Secure whatever financial benefits you can from Matthew now.
If you keep waiting and he remembers everything, what position will that leave you in? With those words, he stood and retreated to his room, frustration in his steps.
Provoked by Robins blunt advice, Lindsay felt a surge of resolve.
She picked up the phone, her voice low and threatening.
Start digging into the circles around Stella..
Stella had recently tasked Doreen with helping Dexter unravel the secrets behind the warehouse fire. Doreen, ever so enthusiastic, had fully immersed herself in the investigation.
Balancing her studio responsibilities, she kept in close contact with Dexter, eager to meet him more.
As the workday drew to a close, Doreen gathered her things and prepared to meet Dexter as she did most nights recently.
But as she stepped out of the office, she froze.
Standing a few feet away was her mother, Phillis Cooper.
Her appearance was a familiar, yet painful sight.
Her clothes, washed to the point of fading, hung loosely on her thin frame.
Her hair, though neatly combed, was streaked with gray, and her face bore the wear of years spent under relentless strain.
It made her look older than she truly was.
At first, Phillis seemed pleasantly surprised to see Doreen.
Then, as if realizing her own appearance, she lowered her head, a flush of embarrassment coloring her cheeks.
Doreen hurried to her, but her concern turned to alarm when she noticed a faint red imprint on her mothers cheek.
She didnt need to ask.
Her father had hit her again.
Her anger surged like a brewing storm, and without thinking, she grabbed Phillis, ready to march off and confront her father.
But her mother pulled her back.
Doreen, no.
Leave it.
Just… can you help me with some money? Doreen frowned.
Money? She had just received her paycheck a few days ago, and she had already sent Phillis a portion of it.
Did he gamble all the money away? Is that why he hit you? Phillis hesitated, and then sighed, her gaze darting away.
Dont ask, Doreen.
Please.
I just need three thousand.
Thats all.
The plea stabbed at Doreens heart.
She genuinely didnt have that kind of money on her.
Mom, you cant keep living like this.
Come stay with me.
You shouldnt have to put up with him anymore. Phillis Lips curved into a sad smile, and she shook her head.
I cant disrupt your life.
Ive learned to Live with it.
As long as youre doing well, thats all that matters.
I shouldnt have even come to you today.
With that, she turned to leave, but the sight of her retreating figure was too much for Doreen to bear.
Wait! Doreen fumbled for her phone, trying Stellas number first to see if she could help.
But no answer.
Then she dialed Alissa.
Another dead end.
In a moment of hesitation, she did something shed never thought shed do-she called Dexter.
The words felt heavy in her throat as she asked, Dexter, I have an emergency.
Can you lend me three thousand? The seconds felt like hours, but when the call ended, the transfer notification arrived almost instantly.
Relief washed over Doreen.
She forwarded the money to her mother, and then took a deep breath.
###chapter2389
Mom, please.
Divorce him.
Ill support you.
You dont have to live Like this anymore.
But Phillis simply shook her head.
Its okay.
Ive managed this long.
Besides, your fathers working now, and once the gambling debts are cleared, things will improve.
But they both knew that wasnt true.
In truth, Phillis wanted her daughter to stay away; to not get involved.
She didnt want her anywhere near their chaotic mess of a life.
She wiped at her eyes, trying to smile through her tears when she received the transfer.
Go home, Doreen. Get some rest.
Ill be fine.
Doreen reached out, wanting to do more-suggest dinner, anything-but her mother was already hurrying away.
Her heart ached as she watched Phillis disappear into the night.
Memories clawed their way to the surfaceher fathers violence, the rage and shouting when he gambled and lost, and her mothers silent endurance.
Phillis had shielded her through it all, especially when she had become a target of her fathers drunken rampages.
Doreen had to keep sending money home after graduating and moving out, knowing that otherwise, her father would bombard her with relentless phone calls.
She stood frozen for a long moment before shaking herself out of it.
Dexter was waiting.
She hailed a cab and headed to the restaurant theyd agreed on.
When she arrived, Dexter was already seated, scrolling through his phone.
Doreen approached, slid into the chair across from him, and conveyed her gratitude for the loan, promising to repay it as soon as she received her salary.
Dexter didnt look up immediately.
When he did, his response was flat.
Its fine.
The silence stretched between them Like an unbridgeable chasm.
Doreen waited, hoping hed ask what had happened, why shed needed the money so urgently.
But he didnt.
His silence, coupled with her Lingering worries about her mother, cast a shadow over the meal.
At one point, Dexter leaned back and said, You dont need to contact me anymore.
If theres any news or I need your help with something, Ill let you know.
Doreen stared at him for a moment before nodding.
Dexter stood, adjusting his jacket.
Ive already paid the bill.
I have something to do, so Ill head out.
She watched him leave, stung and stunned. By the time she realized it, tears were already falling.
She wiped them away, but they came faster than she could stop them.
Her chest tightened as the reality of it all sank in-her familys dysfunction, the unspoken distance between her and Dexter, and the growing realization of how vastly different their worlds were.
Then the buzzing of her phone snapped her out of her thoughts.
She glanced at the screen.
Stella.
Doreen composed herself before answering the phone.
Stella said, Sorry I missed your call.
Whats going on? Doreen replied, I couldnt find the pen.
Stella reassured her, saying, No worries, it might be at home.
Ill look for it when I get back.
Feeling disheartened, Doreen responded with a quiet, Okay, and was about to hang up.
###chapter2390
Sensing something unusual in her tone, Stella pressed, Whats wrong? You sound sad.
Doreen quickly Lied, Maybe I caught a little cold.
My nose is stuffy.
Stella expressed her concern for a few moments before ending the call.
Meanwhile, Lindsay had been busy gathering information on everyone close to Stella.
Her attention Landed on Miley and Doreen, Stellas closest companions.
Having witnessed Mileys unwavering loyalty to Stella firsthand, Lindsay decided to focus on Doreen instead.
After digging into Doreens family background, Lindsay hatched a plan.
She immediately picked up her phone and made a call. Take Doreens father to a casino or a game night.
Let him win a few games to get him hooked.
You know what to do after that, right? Understood.
Hanging up, Lindsay smirked coldly.
She was confident that, when the time came, Doreen would have no choice but to betray Stella.
Clint had spent three days in the hospital and had finally received the doctors approval to be discharged.
Stella and Matthew personally escorted Clint home, carefully attending to him along the way.
Once they arrived, they busied themselves ensuring Clint was settled in, making him as comfortable as possible.
Only after everything was perfectly arranged did Stella and Matthew prepare to Leave.
As Stella stepped out of the house, her face returned to its usual composed and serene expression.
Her mind was preoccupied with thoughts of the studio, and she planned to have Doreen pick her up for work.
However, Matthew insisted on driving her himself, guiding her into the back seat of the car.
Throughout the drive, Stella remained silent.
Matthew had been by her side at the hospital over the past few days.
Apart from their earlier argument, he had behaved impeccably, showing her kindness and attentiveness.
Yet, Stella couldnt shake the feeling that something Lingered between them.
Perhaps it was the gap created by Matthews missing memories and his recent behavior that made it difficult for her to truly connect with him.
Breaking the silence, Matthew spoke.
Lets have dinner together tonight. Stellas response was neutral.
I havent been to the studio in days.
I probably have a pile of work waiting for me.
Im not sure Ill be able to leave on time.
Matthew pressed his lips together, understanding her busy schedule but clearly hoping to spend more time with her.
Soon, the car pulled up in front of the studio.
Stella quickly said goodbye and stepped out, her thoughts already shifting to the tasks ahead.
Stella spent the entire day engrossed in orders and designing dresses.
By the time she wrapped up, night had already fallen.
###chapter2391
As she stepped out of her office, she noticed that Doreen was still there, diligently finishing her own tasks.
Doreen was about to leave as well, so the two packed up and left together.
To Stellas surprise, Matthew was waiting at the door.
She hadnt expected to see him there.
Noticing Matthew, Doreen assumed the couple had plans and tactfully excused herself, leaving first.
Matthew approached Stella with his usual calm demeanor.
She asked, How long have you been waiting? Why didnt you call me? I didnt want to disturb you if you were busy, Matthew replied, his voice thoughtful.
He then asked, What do you feel Like eating? Stella climbed into the car beside him and said, You can pick the restaurant. A moment later, a thought crossed her mind.
Remembering Matthews upcoming surgery, she asked, When are you and Cordell scheduled for the check-up? Saturday, Matthew answered.
Thats also the day Clint has his follow -up appointment at the hospital.
Not wanting to burden her, Matthew quickly added, You should stay with Clint.
Mine is just a routine check-up, and the surgery date hasnt been set yet.
Stella relaxed her furrowed brows slightly and said, If youre still in the hospital after Grandpas check-up, Ill come by Matthew, sensing the mood, tactfully changed the subject.
They headed to a nearby restaurant and shared a casual meal.
Stella spoke very little, leaving Matthew to carry most of the conversation.
However, aside from work, there wasnt much for them to talk about.
After a brief silence, Matthew asked, Before I lost my memory, what did we usually talk about? Stella paused, her thoughts drifting to the past.
Her expression softened, showing a gentleness and nostalgia Matthew rarely saw-her face was full of memories.
Although he knew he had once been part of those moments, the gap in his memory brought a pang of jealousy.
Regretting his question, his demeanor turned cold.
Once they finished their meal, they stepped outside, greeted by falling snowflakes.
Stella instinctively reached out to catch the delicate flakes, and Matthew seized the moment.
Shall we take a walk? he suggested. Stella nodded, her agreement quiet yet warm.
As they strolled, Matthew took her hand, guiding her a short distance down the street.
Noticing a coffee shop across the way, he turned to her and said, Wait here for a moment, before hurrying off.
Stella watched him go, her eyes meeting his briefly before she instinctively Looked away.
Her gaze wandered until it settled on a nearby wedding dress store.
In the display window stood a breathtaking gown-its intricate lace, shimmering beads, and elegant tailoring stirred a flood of emotions, reminding her of the dress she had worn at her own wedding.
Stellas gaze was irresistibly drawn to the wedding dress.
She approached the display slowly, her eyes brimming with awe and bittersweet memories.
###chapter2392
As she stood there, recalling the perilous events of her wedding, a whirlwind of emotions surged within her.
The vivid memory of that terrifying day flashed through her mind-Matthew, risking his life to save her.
The scene replayed with haunting clarity, and her heart trembled ever so slightly.
Completely absorbed in her thoughts, Stella lost awareness of her surroundings.
She forgot Matthews presence entirely and didnt even notice when he came to stand beside her.
Matthew, holding two steaming cups of coffee, silently observed her.
Her focused expression, so filled with emotion, stirred something deep within him.
A wave of affection swept over him as he took in the moment.
He gently placed a cup in her hand and asked, Do you want to try it on? His voice carried a note of gentle anticipation, and his eyes sparkled with a warmth that was impossible to ignore.
Stella was jolted back to reality by Matthews words.
She glanced at the coffee in her hand, and then at the wedding dress in the display, before quickly shaking her head. No, lets go back, she said firmly.
The painful memories of that wedding still haunted her.
Reliving it was the last thing she wanted.
But Matthew wasnt ready to give up.
He reached out, taking her hand in his with a firm yet comforting grip.
Try it on, he urged, his tone filled with quiet encouragement.
You might find it delightful.
Without waiting for her consent, he gently guided her into the store.
Stella resisted, shaking her head adamantly.
Really, theres no need.
I dont want to try it, she protested.
As they entered, a store clerk greeted them warmly, her practiced smile Lighting up the room.
Misinterpreting Stellas hesitation as shyness, the clerk spoke with cheerful reassurance.
Maam, this wedding dress would suit you perfectly.
You should give it a try.
Before Stella could refuse again, the clerk swiftly took the dress down from the display and ushered her into the fitting room.
Stella glanced back at Matthew, but his quiet determination left her with no room to argue.
Matthew, meanwhile, settled onto a nearby sofa, his eyes fixed intently on the fitting room door.
From across the street earlier, he had noticed the way her gaze lingered on the wedding dress.
When hed joined her at the window, he had caught the faintest flicker of longing in her expression.
Neville had once shared the story of their wedding-how they had poured their hearts and souls into it, only for tragedy to strike.
The accident had left Stella deeply averse to the memory. Still, Matthew believed otherwise.
If Stella had invested so much into that wedding, surely a part of her still yearned to wear a beautiful wedding dress again.
Matthew sat for a long time, but Stella did not appear.
Concerned, he rose and made his way into the fitting room.
Stella wasnt deliberately hiding away.
The problem was that the dress was far too snug at the waist, preventing her from putting it on.
She tried to remove the dress and try on a different one but inadvertently jammed the zipper.
Just when she was about to seek help from a store attendant, someone smoothly unzipped it for her.
She raised her head and met Matthews eyes.
Too tight? he asked with concern.
Blushing slightly, Stella nodded and admitted, I think I might have eaten too much at dinner, and now it feels a little tight.
###chapter2393
Matthew said nothing further.
He took the wedding dress outside and asked the store assistant if a larger size was available.
The assistant responded regretfully, Each model is available in just one size.
Would you Like to see other designs? Matthew then turned to Stella and asked, Do you care more for the style or the design? Without hesitation, Stella answered, The design.
She had a distinct appreciation and preference for wedding dress designs.
Matthew then picked out another dress that had a similar design and a looser waist.
He brought the dress to Stella for her thoughts.
Stella looked it over, gave no comment, and took the dress to try on.
Matthew stood a few steps behind, watching as Stella slipped into the wedding dress. His gaze was full of admiration as he remarked, It looks wonderful.
Stella, in the wedding dress, caught her reflection in the mirror with Matthew.
He was wearing a black suit, standing behind her.
She felt momentarily in a daze.
If their wedding had gone as planned, they would have had the most perfect day.
She smiled and agreed with Matthew.
Yes, but it feels a bit heavy After a few steps, I worry it might slip off.
This designer of the dress seemed to prioritize looks over practicality.
Matthew responded, When we hold the wedding, Ill take care of the design myself.
We wont face such issues.
His voice carried a resolute and confident tone, as though he had already visualized her ideal wedding dress.
Stella paused, surprised.
It had been quite some time since Matthew Last spoke about divorce.
Was he perhaps looking forward to their wedding as well? Stellas eyes flickered.
She hesitated to broach this subject while he was still struggling with memory loss.
Then, Matthew said, See, we can get along peacefully.
He was referring to the time Clint was hospitalized.
Stella always maintained a distance from him, deliberately avoiding any interaction with him.
Caught off guard, Stella found herself at a loss for words.
Her heart was a mix of emotions. She was moved by Matthews words yet uncertain about what Lay ahead.
Matthews eyes shimmered with sincerity and hope.
He was pleading for Stella to give him another opportunity and a bit more time.
He gazed intently at Stella through the mirror reflection and declared firmly, Ill handle everything.
Stella, Ill recover my memories soon.
My feelings toward Lindsay are only gratitude, nothing more.
The divorce talk was just a confusion caused by my memory issues.
As she Listened to Matthews words, Stellas mind raced with conflicting thoughts.
Holding the hem of her dress tightly, she felt overwhelmed and confused.
###chapter2394
She was unsure whether to trust Matthew again, considering how his behavior after his memory loss had hurt her deeply.
Then, Matthew gently turned her by the shoulders to face him directly.
Matthew continued earnestly, We are still legally married.
During those difficult times, you remained with the Clark family, waiting for me.
Our issues are just misunderstandings that shouldnt destroy what we have.
Once I get my memory back, lets start a family.
Stellas eyes widened in surprise.
This was the first time Matthew had expressed a desire to start a family.
Some time ago, they had mistakenly believed she was pregnant.
During that time, he had shown signs of changing his stance, but had remained hesitant. Stella found herself speechless, grappling with how to react to Matthews unexpected statement.
Then, Matthew began to lower himself, seemingly about to kneel.
Stella was genuinely startled.
She instinctively grabbed his hand, urging him to stand up without hesitation.
What are you doing? Stand up.
Matthew, however, simply chuckled at her flustered expression.
He explained, Your dress got caught.
Embarrassment washed over Stella.
She hadnt expected to feel so nervous.
Feigning innocence, Matthew adjusted the hem of her dress.
Then, with a playful smile, he pulled her into a gentle embrace.
When I propose, I promise Ill kneel, he said teasingly.
The timing isnt right now, but if you decide on a wedding, I can start preparing immediately.
Stellas cheeks flushed a deep red.
She gave him a soft push and said, Get out.
I need to change.
This time, Matthew didnt tease her further.
He left obediently, his laughter echoing softly as he walked away.
Watching him retreat, Stella was overwhelmed by a surge of conflicting emotions.
She patted her face, silently scolding herself for being so easily affected by him. Back at Prosper Bay, Stella went straight to her room to freshen up, leaving Matthew behind.
Once in the sanctuary of her bathroom, she soaked in the bathtub, allowing her thoughts to settle.
The evening was unusually uneventful, she realized.
After some reflection, it struck her-Lindsay hadnt contacted Matthew all night.
Meanwhile, in a private cinema, a shadowy figure stood with her back to Doreen.
The woman wore a baseball cap that cast her face into deep shadow, concealing her identity completely.
Earlier, Doreen had left the studio, intending to take the bus home.
However, a man had approached her and taken her to this secluded venue.
Now, facing this stranger, Doreen couldnt shake her unease.
She stared at the woman warily and demanded, What do you want? You know kidnapping is a crime, right? The womans voice was calm but chilling as she proposed, without preamble, a collaboration.
###chapter2395
Doreens response was sharp and decisive.
Youve got the wrong person I dont know you, and theres no collaboration to discuss.
Without waiting for a reply, she turned to Leave.
The woman called after her, her tone eerily composed, If you change your mind, you know where to find me.
Ill be waiting.
Doreen dismissed her as crazy and ignored the remark, pushing the door open to Leave the dimly lit cinema.
As soon as she stepped out into the night, her phone buzzed with a distress call from Phillis.
Doreen couldnt bring herself to ignore the plea.
Reluctantly, she decided to return to her parents home.
She hadnt Lived there since college, and the last time she visited was before Stellas wedding. That visit had ended in violence when her father had beaten her again.
From that day forward, she vowed never to step foot in that shadowy alleyway.
Yet, as the past tugged at her thoughts, she found herself standing at the familiar doorstep.
The old, dilapidated house stood in eerie silence, its thin walls doing little to block out the chaos within.
The mans furious curses and the womans broken sobs echoed clearly through the shabby structure.
Doreen pushed open the door, and the scene inside froze her for a moment.
Phillis lay crumpled on the floor, her hair clenched in Preston Coopers fist as he shouted, demanding money.
Without hesitation, Doreen charged forward, shoving the man away with all her strength.
What are you doing? Let go of my mom! Her anger flared white-hot as her gaze fell on Phillis bruised and battered face.
Preston Cooper, have you completely lost your mind? she shouted, her voice raw with rage and despair.
Her eyes burned with unrestrained fury, but beneath the anger was deep distress as she took in her mothers injuries.
She wished, more than anything, that she could make Preston feel even a fraction of the pain he had caused.
But Preston remained unrepentant.
Straightening himself with the arrogance of a man who felt no shame, he extended his hand toward Doreen, his tone cold and calculated.
Give me money, he demanded brazenly.
Three million, and Ill stop.
Greed dripped from his words, his voice tinged with irrationality, as if he genuinely believed his daughter owed him this.
Doreen stared at him, her expression a mixture of disbelief and disgust.
Your gambling debts are your own responsibility.
I dont have money for you. Her words carried an unwavering resolve, a clear refusal to enable her fathers reckless behavior any Longer.
Prestons face twisted with anger as he began to hurl curses, his arrogance undeterred.
Ive won money at first! This loss was just a mistake.
Ill win it back for sure.
He was completely ensnared in a gamblers delusion, trapped in an endless cycle of false hope and denial, unable-or unwilling-to free himself.
Doreens expression hardened.
She couldnt condone such absurd thinking.
She insisted she had no money.
As she spoke, she knelt down to help Phillis to her feet, careful with every movement.
The sight of her mothers injuries only fueled her resolve.
###chapter2396
But before they could move, Preston stepped in front of them, blocking the doorway.
If you dont give me the money, he snarled his tone dripping with venom, dont think about leaving this house.
Amidst the heated argument, Prestons hand Landed hard against Doreens cheek, leaving a sharp sting.
Phillis lunged to intervene, but she was no match for Prestons iron grip.
Before long, Doreen was bound, followed swiftly by Phillis, her hands tied cruelly beside Doreens.
Preston pulled out Doreens phone from her bag, his voice as cold as steel.
Give me the password, he ordered, or Ill slice off Phillis hand. With no choice but to comply, Doreen whispered the password, the weight of her helplessness sinking in as Preston drained two thousand dollars from her account.
Once he confirmed the funds were gone, he slammed the phone down.
Youd better come up with enough money, or Ill make sure she suffers for it, he threatened, his finger pointing at Phillis bruised form.
Tears blurred Doreens vision as she cursed him under her breath.
Youre nothing but a monster.
How can you do this? Her voice quivered with fury and grief.
Preston, his heart as cold as stone, untied Doreen and released her with a sneer.
If I dont see five million by tomorrow night, Ill sell your mother.
With a final shove, he forced her out the door.
As it slammed behind her, Doreen glimpsed Phillis tear-streaked face, a sight that tore at her soul.
Her heart felt as though it was being twisted into knots.
She swore she would rescue Phillis, but the cruel weight of reality pressed down on her.
How could she possibly gather such a vast sum of money? The next day, Doreen sat at her desk, her mind a whirlwind, consumed by the impossible task of raising five million.
The hours dragged on, each one a painful reminder of her desperation.
She briefly considered asking Stella for a loan, but the words lodged in her throat, heavy and unwilling to come out.
She didnt want to burden Stella, especially not with such a staggering amount. But the thought of her mothers life hanging in the balance made her heart race.
When Doreen delivered documents to Stella, the latter noticed her uneasy demeanor and asked with a concerned frown, Is something wrong? Doreen hesitated, her heart thumping wildly in her chest, before she lied, Im just not feeling well.
She didnt want to risk Stellas worry or reveal the depths of her crisis.
Stella, ever the considerate friend, insisted Doreen take the rest of the afternoon off to rest.
Doreen nodded, but she didnt leave immediately, lingering until Stellas voice called out once more, pulling her back to reality.
Only then did she hurry out of the office.
Leaving the studio, she scrolled through her contacts, hoping for a lifeline, but her familys struggles had left her isolated, friendless throughout her school years.
###chapter2397
It wasnt until college that she met Alissa, someone who had opened her heart a little.
Yet her pride and insecurities kept her from sharing her burdens with anyone, even the few she could call friends.
Tears pricked at the corners of her eyes as a wave of helplessness threatened to drown her.
At that moment, her phone lit up with an unknown number.
Doreen answered quickly, and a womans voice, cold and measured, came through.
Doreen, have you thought it over? Im at the place we met last time.
The call ended before Doreen could ask a question.
She knew it was the woman from the night before.
With nowhere else to turn, Doreen found herself once more walking into the shadowy cinema.
The woman waited, hidden in the dark.
Doreen took a deep breath. What do you want me to do? If its illegal, I wont do it.
Her voice was resolute.
Even in her desperation, she held onto her principles.
A low chuckle sounded from the darkness.
Simple.
I want you to keep updating me on Stellas whereabouts.
A shiver ran down Doreens spine at the mention of Stellas name.
Questions swirled in her mind, but she couldnt think of any motive for such an inquiry.
Who wants Stellas whereabouts, and why? she pressed, trying to piece together the puzzle.
But the woman remained silent, offering nothing but cryptic words.
Do this for me, and well never cross paths again.
Still uncertain, Doreen pressed, You just want Stellas whereabouts? No strings attached? The woman didnt answer her question.
Instead, she tossed a card toward Doreen, its weight heavier than its appearance suggested.
Theres five million on this card.
Send the info to the number that contacted you earlier.
Dont ask any more questions.
Doreen picked up the card, her hands trembling as anxiety battled with indecision.
Just then, her phone rang again-it was Preston.
Her finger hovered over the screen, but she ignored the call, her gaze fixed on the card in her hand, torn between the impossible choices before her.
Finally, with a deep breath, Doreen shoved her phone into her pocket and clenched the card tightly in her fist.
With a determined step, she started walking out the door.
Before Doreen walked out, the woman warned, If you accept this money and fail to complete the task, youll face the consequences.
Doreen nodded and quickly left.
Once she was gone, the woman also came out and revealed her identity as Lindsay. She smiled menacingly as she thought of her next steps.
She was confident that if she could keep tabs on Stella, she would find a way to deal with her.
Eager to verify the money, Doreen rushed to the bank and confirmed the deposit of five million dollars.
However, she had no intention of handing the entire sum over to Preston immediately.
She planned to discuss conditions with him first.
She took out one million dollars and returned to meet Preston.
Preston was not entirely pleased when he saw the money, but it was enough to address his pressing needs.
He expressed his dissatisfaction and grumbled, but accepted the money.
Doreen stared at Phillis, whose body bore numerous wounds, and was overwhelmed with grief.
Im taking Mom with me, or you wont get the remaining money.
In fury, Preston slapped Doreen and demanded, Give me all the money now.
###chapter2398
She stood her ground and defiantly replied, Beat me to death if you dare.
Although Preston was furious, Phillis managed to slightly calm him down.
He came to understand Doreens resilience and finally gave in.
Doreen then took Phillis to a nearby clinic to get her injuries treated.
As Phillis looked at her daughter, her heart ached.
Once the wounds were treated, they left the clinic.
Phillis asked about the origin of the money, to which Doreen lied.
My boss lent it to me. Phillis believed her without question and expressed regrets for dragging Doreen into this mess.
Im earning some money too, and as soon as Im paid, Ill help you repay them.
Mother and daughter comforted each other and made their way back to Doreens rented flat.
The following day, Doreen resumed her work, kept a close watch on Stellas activities, and reported them as needed.
After several uneventful days, Doreen began to feel relieved.
She picked up some side jobs, aiming to pay back the borrowed money as soon as possible and settle her obligations.
On a typical workday, Doreen received a text from that mysterious woman, asking her to coax Stella into going to the car dealership to get her car.
As Doreen contemplated her next move, she noticed Stella preparing to leave and casually asked about her plans.
Im going to see the renovation at the physical store and then visit my mom.
Stella told Doreen to reach out if needed, after explaining her plans.
After a brief pause, Doreen caught up to her and said, Stella, your car is fixed and ready for pickup, but the staff of the dealership are concerned about potential issues and would prefer if you could go in person.
After listening to Doreens words, Stella agreed.
Its actually on the way to my moms place, so Ill stop by the dealership first.
A wave of unease washed over Doreen as she sensed something bad Looming.
She quickly offered to join Stella.
Let me go with you. Stella, however, declined with a warm smile, saying, No need, I can manage on my own.
You stay back at the studio.
Dexter will be coming over later.
Could you help me welcome him? Doreen nodded in a daze.
Her usual excitement at the mention of Dexter was absent and was replaced by a deep sense of worry.
Once Stella left, Doreen confirmed the completion of her task via a message but got no reply.
Meanwhile, Lindsay saw the message and gave a knowing smile.
Without a second thought, she removed her SIM card and disposed of it in the toilet.
Just then, a knock came at the door, and Robin urged her to be quick.v 
###chapter2399
Lindsay fixed a stern Look on the door and then opened it, maintaining a neutral expression.
Robin berated her for her slowness and lack of usefulness before slamming the door shut.
Lindsay glared at the door for a long time, and then made a silent resolution.
She went back to the dining table to continue her meal.
When Robin emerged, she casually asked about his plans for the day.
Robin said with a hint of impatience, Ill stay at home today.
Lindsay flashed a card at Robin with a sly grin.
Check this out-a new sports car just hit the market.
If it catches your eye, its yours to buy.
A mix of joy and suspicion washed over Robin.
This is unexpected. Whats got you playing Santa all of a sudden? With a shrug, Lindsay replied, Im just clearing out what I have left.
Youve stuck by me for a long time; think of this as a Little thank you.
Plus, once my dessert shop starts turning a profit, youll get a slice of that too.
Acknowledging her gesture with a nod, Robin pocketed the card and retreated to his room.
Once ready, he made his exit with a confident swagger.
Meanwhile, Lindsays expression turned cunning as she texted a mercenary, signaling it was time to act.
She was done with Robin and Stella cluttering her path to Matthew.
Unaware of the brewing storm, Stella left the studio and stopped by the storefront to meet with her renovation designer.
As she wrapped up, her gaze inadvertently landed on the brisk pace of Lindsays store setup nearby.
She was curious about Lindsays business, yet she refrained from asking any questions-past dealings with Lindsay had left a sour taste.
Comforted by the thought of Lindsay being preoccupied, Stella hoped it would keep her out of mischief.
Stella flagged down a taxi for her trip to the dealership.
As the city blurred past, she glanced at her phone and noticed a new message from Matthew.
He was inviting her over for dinner at the Clark family residence Later that evening.
She typed a quick yes, her mind drifting to his medical appointment the previous Saturday.
The doctor had been clearsurgery was imminent and Matthew wanted to break the news to Waldo himself.
With thoughts of Matthews health swirling in her mind, Stella barely registered arriving at the dealership.
She was met by an apologetic staff member who expressed regret that she had to make the trip.
He guided Stella to the car, making sure everything was up to snuff before he casually suggested for someone to drive the car for her.
Stella offered him a polite smile.
No, thanks.
Im good to drive myself.
As Stella prepared to drive off, Robin materialized at the doorway, his fingers drumming on the hood of her car. What a coincidence, he quipped.
Stella opted for silence, clearly uninterested in a chat.
She slipped into her car, ready to leave, yet Robin persisted, planting himself against her window, his anger simmering from their last unpleasant exchange.
Dont think Ive forgotten last time, Stella.
Dont push your Luck.
Calm and cool, Stella met his glare with a firm resolve.
Remember my warning, Robin.
Try me again, and youll see what happens.
She started the car and left without another word.
Robin, teeth gritted in silent rage, watched her drive off.
His interest in car shopping vanished, overtaken by a compulsion to follow her.
###chapter2400
On her way, Stellas phone buzzed.
Bellas voice, eager and light, floated through.
Hey, Stella! How long till you get here? Alissas on her way too.
Stella responded, About half an hour.
She continued chatting with Bella, her attention split between their conversation and the road ahead.
Then, a glance in the rearview mirror caught her off guard-a familiar car was tailing her.
It was Robins.
Stellas brow furrowed in annoyance.
His constant shadowing was becoming intolerable.
Why couldnt he just Leave her be? She pressed down on the accelerator, eager to put some distance between them. Robin, however, matched her pace, his intentions murky yet unmistakably focused on her.
The situation left Stella both baffled and on edge.
Deciding that she couldnt split her focus any longer, she ended the call with Bella abruptly, choosing instead to concentrate solely on her driving.
But just as she made that decision, a sudden jolt shook her car.
She whipped her head around, her heart racing with alarm.
Memories of a previous confrontation flashed through her mind, fueling her irritation.
Was Robin reckless enough to ram her car again? The truth was, Robin was also a victim.
He felt the jolt as a car crashed into him from behind, sending his own vehicle spiraling out of control into Stellas.
Before Robin could even think about pulling over to confront the aggressive driver, another violent shove from behind smashed him into Stellas car once again.
Enraged, he spewed a stream of curses.
The driver behind him was relentless, leaving Robin no opportunity to pull away from the madness.
Gritting his teeth, Robin pushed the accelerator to the floor, surging past Stellas car.
Stella, noticing Robins desperate attempt to escape, tried to stop her vehicle.
To her horror, the brakes malfunctioned.
Her car, unstoppable, barreled into Robins rear.
The impact was so severe that it knocked her out cold.
Robin, his head slamming against the steering wheel from the collision, staggered out of his battered car, fueled by a mix of adrenaline and fury.
As he took a few shaky steps, a burly figure emerged from the shadows.
With no warning, the stranger drove a pen straight into Robins heart.
Robins eyes registered shock and disbelief as he crumpled silently to the ground.
Elsewhere, Bella stood at the appointed spot, a knot of anxiety tightening in her stomach as she waited for Stella, who never showed. Attempting to call her, Bella found her calls met only with the endless ring of an unanswered phone.
Beside her, Alissa tried to inject a note of optimism.
Maybe shes just stuck in a jam somewhere.
Lets hang on a little Longer.
Despite Alissas reassurances, a sense of dread gnawed at Bella.
She called Matthew, who was equally clueless about Stellas whereabouts.
As they spoke, Fernando burst in, his face etched with urgency.
Matthew attempted to soothe Bella.
Dont worry, Ill reach out to Stella and call you back as soon as I can.
After ending the call, Matthews concern deepened.
Turning to Fernando, he asked, Whats the situation? 
###chapter2401
With a grave tone, Fernando delivered the devastating news.
Stellas been in a car accident, and Robin… Robin is dead.
Matthews expression darkened with this revelation.
He stood abruptly, his resolve firm as he headed to the hospital.
On the way, his thoughts were turbulent, mirrored by the flurry of speculation and accusation swirling online.
Many were quick to cast Stella as the villain in this tragedy.
Fernando relayed more unsettling details.
The roads surveillance was down yesterday, and nothing odd showed up on Stellas dashcam.
The pen that killed Robin, it matches the one Stella had.
And theres talk-they were arguing at the dealership just before all this went down. Matthew remained silent, his expression clouded by a mix of worry and disbelief.
Stella, a murderer? The very idea seemed absurd.
Yet, the shocking headline was impossible to ignore.
At that moment, Sanford caught the news too.
His water glass tumbled from his grasp and crashed to the floor, scattering shards everywhere.
Declan flashed through his mind as a possible accomplice, but confronting him now could only entangle things further.
Checking on Stella was urgent.
With no time to waste, Sanford made a beeline for the hospital.
At the hospital, Matthew found Lindsay already there, her tears flowing freely.
She was a wreck, choking out her words to Matthew through sobs.
How could Stella do this? How could she be so cruel? Her voice was thick with pain and anger, her whole frame shaking from the stress.
Matthews irritation flickered at the sight of her distress, but he kept his voice gentle, striving for calm.
Lets take a breath.
We dont have all the facts yet.
Its too soon for any conclusions.
His eyes stayed steady, radiating calm, hoping to anchor Lindsay back to rationality.
But rationality was a ship long sailed for Lindsay.
She stared back at him, her eyes alight with distress.
Are you defending her? Stellas the murderer! She went with a man to the club to face Robin and beat him up a few days ago.
And now, this-planning her revenge.
Lindsays accusations flew sharp and fast, each word slicing through the tense air. Matthew knitted his brows, replaying the faint trace of alcohol hed once caught on Stella.
Now, Lindsays accusations seemed to align with that memory, but he wasnt one to Leap to conclusions.
Lets wait for the investigation to wrap up before pointing fingers, Matthew said, his voice steady and unyielding.
We cant pin this on Stella just based on speculation.
His words left no wiggle room for argument.
As much as Matthew wanted Fernando to escort Lindsay home, she stood her ground, shaking her head vehemently.
Robin is still lying in the morgue, she declared, her tone sharp with determination.
I wont rest until I get justice for him.
Her steely gaze made it clear-nothing short of the truth would satisfy her.
Matthew, feeling the tension coil tighter, could only urge Fernando to help soothe Lindsays fiery resolve.
###chapter2402
In the corridor, a few police officers lingered, their postures stiff as Matthew approached.
From the hospital room, Stellas voice drifted out, trembling with fear and desperation, carrying through the quiet hallway like an echo of anguish.
She recounted the events over and over, her voice cracking as she adamantly insisted she hadnt killed Robin.
I swear, I didnt kill Robin, she pleaded, her words trembling with desperation.
My car was hit, and everything went black.
Next thing I knew, I was waking up here, in the hospital.
Her voice, so raw and pained, tugged at the hearts of anyone within earshot, leaving a Lingering pang of sympathy.
The officers, however, remained unshaken.
One produced a pen sealed as evidence.
This pen, engraved with your name, was used to kill Robin, Your fingerprints are the only ones on it. Stella froze in disbelief, her breath catching as the pen she had been desperately searching for resurfaced at such a pivotal moment.
That pen..
its been missing for ages! Ive been searching high and low for it.
Ask my assistant if you dont believe me, she implored, her wide eyes brimming with urgency.
Just as the police prepared to press her further, the door swung open, and Matthew strode in, Lindsay right on his heels.
The moment Lindsay spotted Stella, she shouted, Stella, how can you be so callous? Even now, youre spinning Lies to cover your tracks! Her voice crackled with fury, and her glare could have cut glass.
To Lindsay, Stella wasnt just guilty-she was irredeemable.
Stellas expression hardened, and her gaze met Lindsays head-on.
Im not spinning lies.
Im telling the truth, she said, her voice unwavering.
Matthew had arrived with a lawyer in tow, delegating the task of negotiating with the police to Fernando and the legal expert.
In the hospital room, only the trio remained.
Stella, her tone tinged with both helplessness and grievance, recounted the sequence of events to Lindsay.
I was driving to my moms place when Robin started tailing me.
He hit my car, and then he tried to overtake me.
That was when my brakes failed.
I couldnt stop in time, and the cars collided.
After that, I blacked out.
When I gained consciousness, I was already in the hospital.
Her words hung in the air, a silent plea for Lindsay to believe her.
Matthew, on the other hand, stayed quiet, deep in thought as he pieced the puzzle together. He knew jumping to conclusions and pinning the blame on Stella without solid evidence was out of the question.
Lindsay, her voice sharp with grief and disbelief, shot back.
Are you saying Robin killed himself? Thats absurd! Your story doesnt hold water.
Suspicion and anger flashed in her eyes, her expression as sharp as a knife.
Stella held her ground, her voice firm despite the tension.
I dont know what happened, but I know one thing for sure-I didnt kill him.
Determination gleamed in her eyes, a glimmer of confidence in her own innocence.
Lindsays cries persisted, a heart-wrenching symphony of sorrow that painted a vivid picture of her anguish over her brothers untimely death.
With unwavering conviction, she hurled accusations at Stella.
Youre just spinning Lies! Youre the one who killed him! Her emotions bubbled to the surface like a raging storm, her pain seeking an outlet.
###chapter2403
Stella frowned, her mind a whirlwind of confusion.
She had barely gained consciousness when the police had bombarded her with questions.
Learning about Robins death from them had hit her like a ton of bricks.
If anything, she was more desperate than anyone else to uncover the truth.
I swear I didnt kill Robin, and I desperately want to know who did.
Stellas voice trembled with helplessness and confusion.
Matthew turned to Lindsay, his tone steady but firm.
Go home for now.
Lets wait for the results of the police investigation. Arguing here wont help.
His weary eyes carried a trace of fatigue and resignation, silently pleading for Lindsay to calm down.
Lindsay, however, was far from appeased.
Her voice quivered with a mix of anger and pain as she demanded, Is it because Stella is your wife? Are you ignoring the truth to protect your reputation and the companys image? I broke my legs saving you, Matthew.
I never asked for anything in return, but this one time, I want answers for my brother.
Is that too much to ask? Matthews expression hardened, his authoritative gaze Locking onto her.
Lindsay, he said firmly, I need you to go home and calm down.
I promise I will investigate thoroughly and give you the explanation you deserve.
His commanding tone left no room for argument.
But Lindsay wasnt ready to back down.
Her sharp voice cut through the tension.
Matthew, you cant be so partial! Shes clearly the murderer.
You cant just ignore Robins death because shes your wife! Her fiery gaze and defiant posture radiated stubborn determination.
Matthew, however, wasnt swayed.
As Fernando reappeared, Matthew immediately issued a directive.
Fernando, take Lindsay home.
His unwavering gaze left no room for debate, his resolve unshaken.
Fernando stepped forward without hesitation, gently pushing Lindsays wheelchair.
Even as she was being taken away, Lindsays voice echoed down the corridor, fierce and unrelenting.
Even with the Clark family shielding Stella, I wont let the truth be buried. Shes the murderer, and I will seek justice for Robin! Her words, filled with resolve, hung in the air Long after her departure.
Fernando pushed her away, his expression a mix of resignation and concern.
Lindsays mind, however, was set on one thing: convicting Stella before the situation grew even more entangled.
As Lindsay looked up, she spotted a man rushing toward Stellas ward.
Fernando swiftly blocked his approach How is Stella? Sanford asked urgently, his eyes filled with worry and his face etched with anxiety.
Fernando quickly replied, Shes fine, Mr.
Quimby, but its not appropriate for you to go in right now.
Hearing this, Sanford immediately guessed that Matthew was in the ward.
At that moment, any thoughts of rivalry with Matthew faded from his mind.
###chapter2404
His only concern was Stellas safety.
Knowing she was unharmed brought a small sense of relief, and he said nothing more.
As he passed Lindsay, however, he paused, his gaze lingering on her.
Sanfords mind churned with questions.
Lindsay, still confined to a wheelchair, hadnt received any direct orders from him in a long time.
Could she, in her desperation, have done something drastic to Stella? But the idea seemed far-fetched.
Could a woman with broken legs really possess the ability to orchestrate such an attack? Or was someone else involved-someone like Declan? After all, Declan had never hidden his malice toward Stella.
Yet, without concrete evidence, Sanford dared not jump to conclusions.
His thoughts tangled with uncertainty, he shook his head, said nothing, and quietly Left. In the ward, Matthew stood by Stellas bedside, his gaze softening as he looked at her frail figure.
You rest for now.
Ill handle everything, he said gently, his voice laced with reassurance.
His eyes betrayed a mix of concern and inner conflict, torn between his protective instincts and the weight of the situation.
Stella, lying down, reached for his hand and clung to it.
Her eyes brimmed with anticipation as she whispered, Matthew, do you believe me? Her voice trembled, a faint quiver revealing the depth of her anxiety.
Matthew hesitated, offering no reply to her question.
Instead, he offered a comforting thought.
Dont stress too much.
The police will handle it.
His voice carried a calmness, yet his eyes hinted at inner turmoil.
Stellas heart sank a little at his tepid reaction.
She caressed her belly, pondering whether to share her pregnancy news.
Deciding against it, she opted to wait until the confusion settled.
She longed for a simple resolution, keen to shield her unborn child from the current upheaval.
Weary, Stella needed to sort out her thoughts and decipher who was genuinely after her.
She closed her eyes, momentarily distancing herself from Matthew.
Matthew sat quietly beside her, his face etched with conflicted emotions.
Ever since the evidence had surfaced linking Stella to Robins murder, he had been caught in a whirlwind of disbelief and confusion. His faith in Stella remained firm, convinced of her innocence.
Yet, the incriminating evidence was hard to ignore, leaving him torn between trust and the undeniable facts.
As Stellas breathing evened out, indicating she had drifted to sleep, Matthew stood and quietly left the hospital room.
The doors soft click marked Stellas awakening.
Her eyes opened, alight with determination.
She was resolved to uncover the truth behind the mysterious reappearance of the pen-a key piece of evidence.
Her thoughts focused on her childs safety, vowing to protect herself and her baby at all costs.
Outside in the hallway, Neville and Cordell approached Matthew with worried expressions.
Matthew, whats your plan now? Neville asked, urgency lacing his voice.
###chapter2405
Yeah, this situation is serious.
We need a quick resolution, Cordell added.
Before Matthew could respond, Fernando joined them.
Mr.
Clark, Lindsays safe at home now, and shes not alone, he informed.
Acknowledging this, Matthew nodded and directed, Check everything thoroughly.
Make sure no stone is left unturned, especially anyone Robin last spoke with, right down to the car dealership staff.
Fernando and Neville nodded in agreement.
As they turned to leave, Matthew called them back with a firm reminder.
And make sure you focus on Stellas pen. Its key to proving her innocence.
Determined, he was resolute about clearing Stellas name.
In the studio, Doreen, having heard about Stellas ordeal, was seized by a wave of anxiety.
Her mind raced with horrific scenarios, haunted by the thought that she might have inadvertently harmed Stella.
Her complexion turned ashen, and she gripped her hands together, wrestling with a mix of guilt and dread.
But before she could sink further into her worries, the police arrived to take her statement.
The mention of Stella made Doreens heart skip a beat.
She strove for composure, maintaining an even tone as she inquired about Stellas well -being, her concern palpable.
The officers, however, remained tight-lipped about Stellas condition, focusing instead on the missing pen.
Doreen confessed that the pen had been misplaced, and she and Stella had scoured the area for it.
Overwhelmed, she couldnt help but ask, What does the pen have to do with what happened to Stella? Her eyes mirrored her inner turmoilconfused and anxious for answers.
The officers kept to their script, steering clear of specifics and instead delved into any potential conflicts between Stella and Robin.
Doreen was thorough, fearing that any missed detail could jeopardize Stellas case.
She shared everything she knew, determined not to leave any stone unturned.
After escorting the officers out, Doreen was soaked in sweat, her chest tight with unease.
She had planned to reach out to the woman who had given her the funds, but when she picked up her phone, she paused.
Facing the mysterious woman felt daunting, and the uncertainty of how the situation might unfold weighed heavily on her.
In the end, she refrained from making the call.
Instead, she resolved to visit Stella in the hospital to uncover the truth.
At the same time, Sanford was consumed by worry as he hurried to meet Declan. In the middle of lunch, Declan looked up at the sight of Sanford rushing in, irritation flickering across his face.
Once Sanford sat, he wasted no time.
Did you have anything to do with what happened to Stella? he asked, his gaze sharp with suspicion.
Declan met Sanfords eyes, his expression calm.
What are you talking about? he replied, his voice even as if unaware of Stellas predicament.
Sanford, realizing he might have been hasty, took a moment to steady himself.
He relayed the entire series of events, stressing that harming Stella served no purpose for them.
His hope was to extract a straightforward response from Declan, confirming his innocence.
Declan set his utensils aside, fixed his gaze on Sanford, and said bluntly, Sanford, youve fallen for Stella.
His eyes bored into Sanford, cutting through any pretense.
###chapter2406
Sanford was caught off guard, utterly unprepared for Declans directness about his emotions.
However, though caught off guard, he masked his emotions and replied, Im only concerned this could derail my plans.
He tried to dismiss the accusation, but Declans skeptical expression showed he wasnt convinced.
Declan leaned back and said, Since you arrived in Seamarsh, all Ive seen is you prioritizing Stella over the mission.
His words carried a hint of reproach.
Sanford remained quiet, suppressing his thoughts, determined not to let Declan discern his feelings.
Declan continued, With Stella in this condition, you should use this opportunity to your advantage.
Stop wasting time questioning me.
The process doesnt matter-only the outcome.
From this exchange, Sanford concluded that Declan had no hand in Stellas predicament.
Yet, he also recognized that his impatience had betrayed more than he intended. 1 Frustration simmered within him.
He knew he needed to be more guarded especially with someone as shrewd as Declan.
As Sanford wrestled with his thoughts, Declan stood, placed a firm hand on his shoulder, and remarked coldly, Sanford, remember your ive.
Stella is only alive because shes useful.
Anyone without value wont stay that way for Long.
His voice was chillingly final.
Sanford felt a jolt of shock at the harshness of Declans words.
As Declan began to leave, Sanford called after him.
Does the map even exist? I studied under Stellas father for years and never saw him meet anyone significant.
He died when Stella was still a child-how could she know anything? Maybe weve been chasing shadows all along.
Declans temper flared.
Snatching a plate from the table, he hurled it at Sanford.
Sanford didnt dodge, and the plate hit his chest.
If you fail to uncover anything, dont think I wont deal with Stella myself! Declan snapped, his voice icy.
His glare was as sharp as a blade.
Sanford left the tense meeting, his face dark with thought.
Walking to his car, he tried to unravel the mystery of who had targeted Stella.
The more he considered it, the more tangled the situation seemed.
Settling into the drivers seat, he leaned back, eyes narrowing in concentration.
After some deliberation, he decided to enlist Dexters help.
Dialing Dexters number, Sanford spoke with firm resolve.
Dexter, somethings happened to Stella. I need you to dig into it immediately.
After ending the call, Sanford was visibly torn.
His thoughts swirled, intensifying into a throbbing headache.
The sting in his chest seemed trivial as his concern for Stella took center stage.
The incident had sent shockwaves through Stellas circles.
Kyra, Byron, Waldo, Lucia, Bella, and Alissa hurried over, their faces etched with worry.
Seeing their profound concern, Stella was touched yet felt a pang of guilt.
Lucia, spotting Matthew, wasted no time.
Matthew, youve become a stranger since your memory loss.
Stellas trouble partly lies on your shoulders.
Matthew remained silent, absorbing Lucias sharp words without a word.
###chapter2407
He knew he had wronged Stella after his memory loss, and with her current troubles, his guilt weighed heavily on him.
Stella, ever the peacemaker, quickly intervened to soothe Lucia.
Look, no one could have predicted this mess.
Its not fair to blame Matthew.
It was purely accidental.
Yet, Lucias frustration simmered, fueled by what she saw as Stellas excessive altruism, her habit of always placing others before herself.
Determined, she turned to Matthew.
Youve got to uncover the real perpetrator, Matthew.
Clear Stellas name before her reputation is dragged through the mud.
Im on it, dont worry, Matthew replied, his tone resolute. The room buzzed with supportive friends and family, all trying to Lift Stellas spirits, encouraging her to put the incident out of her mind and focus on her recovery.
Eventually, after much persuasion from Stella, the room emptied.
Just as Stella was about to dial Doreen, the door swung open and Doreen herself appeared.
Stellas face Lit up with relief.
Doreen! Just the person I wanted to see.
I mentioned you during my conversation with the police, and theyve followed up with you already.
Doreen, visibly distressed, shared her disbelief.
How did things escalate so quickly? Who would plan such a cruel scheme against you? Stella avoided the question, her tone laced with concern.
Listen, its best you keep out of this chaos for now.
Keep an eye on the studio and if anything comes up, my mom or Alissa is just a call away.
Dont worry, Stella.
Ill take good care of the studio, Doreen assured her softly.
With a hesitant tone, Doreen probed further.
Stella, think about it.
Is there anyone you might have upset? Stella paused, searching her memory.
I cant think of anyone.
I dont believe Ive upset anyone, she replied, shaking her head.
Silence enveloped them as Stella delved into her memories, trying to pinpoint the time she noticed her pen missing.
She retraced her steps, recalling each face she had encountered during that time.
Slowly, an image of Lindsay emerged in her thoughts. Could she be involved? Meanwhile, Lindsay was stewing in her apartment, her mood sour.
She slumped on her sofa, her features twisted in frustration.
It was clear she had underestimated how deeply rooted Stella was in Matthews heart.
Despite his amnesia, his affections for Stella lingered.
This realization put Lindsay at a disadvantage, and she knew she had to sideline Stella somehow.
Lost in her scheming, Lindsay wheeled herself out of her room and caught snippets of a conversation between two maids who had recently joined from the Clark family residence.
They spoke highly of Stella.
A plan began to form in Lindsays mind, and she beckoned one of the maids, Katelyn Aston.
Katelyn followed Lindsay into her room with a mix of respect and apprehension.
Working closely with Lindsay had taught her to be wary; her moods were as changeable as the weather.
###chapter2408
Observing Katelyns cautious approach, Lindsay offered a disarming smile and struck up a conversation.
Katelyn, how Long have you been with the Clarks? she asked, her voice dripping with feigned innocence, as if she were merely making conversation.
Katelyn fidgeted slightly, her voice nervous.
Miss Wheeler, Ive been with the Clark family for five years.
Lindsay studied her with a calm but piercing gaze.
And in those five years, were you always caring for Lucia? Yes, Miss Wheeler, Katelyn replied quickly.
I was with her the entire time.
Lindsay tilted her head slightly, her expression unreadable.
And now that youre working for me, how are you finding the adjustment? Katelyn hesitated, her words catching briefly.
Im… adjusting well, Miss Wheeler, she said softly.
Lindsay reached for a box on the table, pulling out a gleaming diamond bracelet. She held it out toward Katelyn, letting the Light catch the stones as she spoke with an understated warning in her tone.
Katelyn, while youre working for me, theres one thing you must always remember; speak less and do more.
Know what to say and, more importantly, what not to say.
This bracelet is for you, a small token of my appreciation.
Dont give me a reason to regret it.
Katelyn nodded hesitantly, her trembling hands betraying her fear as she reached out for the bracelet.
For a moment, she hesitated, unsure if she should accept it.
But Lindsays firm gaze Left no room for refusal.
Take it, Lindsay said coolly, her tone leaving no room for negotiation.
With no other choice, Katelyn accepted the bracelet, murmuring a timid Thank you before scurrying out of the room.
As the door clicked shut, Lindsays polite smile dissolved into a cold, calculating expression.
Her mind wandered back to the day she had discovered Stellas pen; Katelyn had been there.
Lindsays Lips curled into a tight smile.
She couldnt afford any loose ends.
Katelyns silence was crucial, and she would make sure of it.
Without hesitation, Lindsay picked up the phone and dialed Betseys number, informing her about Robins death.
Meanwhile, the investigation into Robins death was progressing at a frustratingly slow pace.
Three days had passed, and yet, the police had no new leads.
In Matthews office, Fernando and Neville sat, their frustration palpable as the weight of the situation settled over them.
Neville leaned forward, brow furrowed in thought.
This wasnt random.
Whoever did this knew exactly what they were doing. Id bet everything I have on it.
Matthew remained silent, his gaze distant, lost in thought as he processed Nevilles words.
Neville pressed on, his voice steady but insistent.
If Stella hasnt wronged anyone, could they be targeting you instead? Using her to get to you? Matthews gaze flicked to Neville, sharp and calculating, but he didnt respond right away, his mind clearly working through the possibilities.
Unperturbed, Neville continued, The investigation in Sothrea was abruptly cut off, and we still havent uncovered the truth behind your memory loss.
Could these events be connected? Someone pulling the strings behind both? Matthew shifted his attention to Fernando, his expression intense.
What about the Charles family? Any movement on their part? Fernandos response was quick and calm.
No, nothing yet.
Theyve been silent in Lyllmann.
Just then, Fernandos phone buzzed.
He quickly glanced at the caller ID and relayed to Matthew, Its the bodyguard monitoring the Wheeler family.
###chapter2409
After listening to the bodyguards report, Fernandos expression turned grave.
He ended the call with a sharp tone and looked at Matthew, his voice low and serious.
Mr.
Clark, the Wheeler family knows about Robins death.
Theyre furious and have Left Osemery for Seamarsh.
Matthews voice was steady but urgent.
Is Stella still at the Clark family residence? Yes, she is, Fernando replied without delay.
Matthew rose from his chair in a swift, determined motion.
Neville, keep digging into my memory loss.
I want answers.
He turned to Fernando. Lets go.
Meanwhile, at the Clark family residence, Stella was trying to settle into a semblance of peace.
After being discharged from the hospital, Lucia had persuaded her to stay, emphasizing the tranquil environment and heightened security.
Considering her unborn child and the safety the estate offered, Stella had reluctantly agreed.
That morning, after breakfast, Stella joined Lucia for a peaceful stroll in the garden.
Their calm was interrupted when the butler hurried toward them, informing them about Betsey and Leonas arrival.
Before they could react, Leona and Betsey stormed into the garden, their expressions blazing with fury.
Stella instinctively stepped before Lucia, shielding her with a protective stance.
Her eyes narrowed as she assessed the situation.
The hostility radiating from Leona and Betsey made it clearthey werent here for a friendly visit.
Betseys voice was a shrill cry of fury, her accusation cutting through the tense air.
Stella! You murdered my son! Youll pay for this with your life! Lucia could no Longer hold back.
Frowning deeply, she interjected, The investigation is still ongoing.
Robins death pains me too, and I understand your grief.
But Stella would never kill anyone.
Her voice was resolute, brimming with unwavering trust in Stella.
Betsey, however, reacted with venom, lashing out at Lucia.
You meddlesome old woman, always shielding your own! My son was killed because of your family! Leona joined in, her voice shaking with the anguish of losing her grandson.
Thats right! The Clark family is a curse-bringing nothing but disaster.
First, my granddaughter broke her legs for Matthew, and now my grandson is dead! Their harsh accusations stung, leaving Lucia momentarily speechless.
Stella stepped forward, her voice calm but firm.
Please, calm down. The investigation isnt over yet, and you cant accuse me without evidence.
We can wait for the police investigation.
But Betsey and Leona refused to listen, their grief fueling their anger.
They demanded retribution, insisting Stella pay for Robins death.
In her rage, Betsey suddenly lunged at Stella, Landing a slap across her face.
You vile woman! she shouted, and as she raised her hand to strike again, Stella caught her wrist.
At that exact moment, Matthew entered the garden.
Lucia, as though spotting a lifeline, turned to him urgently.
Matthew, please take care of this.
Betsey and Leona hesitated briefly at the sight of him, but their grief quickly emboldened them again.
###chapter2410
Matthews gaze fixed on Betsey, his tone stern and commanding.
If you have evidence, take it to the police.
Creating chaos here wont bring justice for Robin.
Leona glared at him, defiant.
What are you trying to do? Silence us? If Stellas innocent, why are you so afraid of us showing up? The case hasnt progressed, and Stellas still free.
Are you interfering with the investigation? Matthew didnt dignify her accusations with a response.
Instead, he delivered a cold warning.
Behave yourselves and stay in Seamarsh until the investigation concludes.
If you continue causing trouble, Ill make sure youre sent back to Osemery.
With a nod from Matthew, Fernando signaled a group of imposing bodyguards to step forward. Leona, seeing the tall and strong men behind him, gritted her teeth.
She shot Stella a pointed look and sneered, Well, you really hit the jackpot with your husband.
Lets see how Matthew stands by you once the truth surfaces.
With that, Leona turned and left.
Betsey spat at Stella before storming off in a fit of rage.
After their departure, the butler approached Stella, his face etched with guilt.
I deeply apologize, Mrs.
Clark.
Its entirely my failure for not being vigilant enough to prevent outsiders from entering and causing you harm.
His eyes scanned her bruised face, concern evident.
Should we tend to your bruise immediately? Before Stella could respond, Lucia gestured dismissively, instructing the butler to fetch a first aid kit, and then turned her attention to Stella.
Her tone softened as she said, Dont take it to heart, dear.
Theyre just overcome with grief.
Stellas stomach twisted uncomfortably as she guided Lucia back to the living room.
A wave of nausea washed over her, prompting her to request a glass of water from a nearby servant.
Only after sipping it slowly did the queasiness begin to subside.
Stella met Matthews steady gaze and asked, Any updates on the investigation? Matthews response was measured.
It hasnt changed much.
The police have scrutinized everyone Robin interacted with and found nothing suspicious.
The primary tension still centers around..
He trailed off, not saying her name, but the implication hung heavy in the air.
Stella let out a dry laugh, her tone tinged with bitterness. It seems like the Wheeler family and I are just not meant to get along.
At that moment, the butler returned with the first aid kit.
Matthew was the first to notice the butler approaching, giving a slight nod to signal him to bring the kit forward.
The butler quickly stepped forward, handing the kit to Matthew with urgency.
Lucia clutched Stellas hand tightly, her lips quivering as if she had countless comforting words to offer, but she held back, unsure of what to say.
She had witnessed the relentless attacks from the Wheeler family over the past few weeks, and it weighed heavily on her heart.
Finally, she spoke softly.
Stella, tend to your wound first.
The police are doing their best with the case, and worrying wont change anything.
Stella watched Matthew take out the ointment from the kit, her expression resolute as she gently halted his movements.
###chapter2411
I want to go back to Prosper Bay.
Her voice was quiet but firm, carrying a determination that couldnt be ignored.
Lucias face tightened with concern as she immediately ed, her voice filled with worry.
Stella, thats absolutely out of the question.
Betsey even showed up at my house today and caused a scene.
What if something happens to you at Prosper Bay with no one there to protect you? Stella gave a soft shake of her head, her expression calm but firm.
Lucia, after everything that happened today, Betsey wont be causing any more trouble.
Im sure of it.
Lucias frustration grew as she tried to convince Stella, but when it became clear she wouldnt be swayed, Lucia turned to Matthew with a silent plea for help.
Her eyes asked him to intervene. Matthew remained composed, his voice steady and unruffled as he turned to Stella.
Just apply the ointment first.
We can discuss everything else later.
Stellas response was unwavering.
I dont need it.
The tension in the room grew thicker, but before anyone could say anything more, Stellas phone suddenly rang, cutting through the silence.
She glanced at the screen-Sanfords name appeared.
Matthews eyes darkened the moment he saw who was calling.
Oblivious to his reaction, Stella answered the call.
On the other end, Sanford suggested meeting up, mentioning he had something important to discuss regarding Robin.
Without hesitation, Stella agreed to a time and place.
After hanging up, she turned to Lucia.
Lucia, I need to step out for a little while.
Theres something I need to take care of.
She moved toward the door, but before she could leave, Matthews hand shot out, grabbing her wrist with a firm grip.
He fixed her with a piercing gaze, his voice cold and commanding.
Who are you meeting? Stella hesitated, not wanting to argue in front of Lucia.
Keeping her voice low, she murmured to Matthew, Lucia is still here.
Matthew shot a brief glance at Lucia, his grip on Stellas wrist unyielding.
He turned to Lucia, his voice firm. Dont worry, Grandma.
Ill take Stella there myself.
Before Lucia could respond, Matthew pulled Stella toward the door.
The pressure on her wrist made pain shoot through her, and Stella winced, pulling away.
Matthew, let go! Youre hurting me.
He halted in his tracks but didnt release her.
His gaze turned cold, and he fixed his eyes on her, demanding, Who are you going to meet, Stella? Stella squared her shoulders, her voice rising with defiance.
I dont need to explain myself to you.
I can meet anyone I choose.
###chapter2412
A sneer tugged at the corner of Matthews mouth.
Youre meeting Sanford, arent you? What does he want this time? Stellas frustration finally boiled over.
Whats the big deal? Are you telling me Im not allowed to see a friend? Every time you meet Lindsay, I dont say a word, she snapped, her frustration spilling over.
Her irritation over the constant interference of the Wheelers surged, and she couldnt stop herself from referencing the past.
Her thoughts were clear now-she was determined to uncover the truth, to break free from the Wheelers once and for all.
I just want to get to the bottom of this mess so I can finally cut ties with the Wheelers.
Is that so wrong? she demanded.
Matthews brow furrowed deeply, his voice stern as he said, Dont drag others into this.
Ill handle it. Stella, however, stood firm, her voice rising.
Youre the one who brought everyone into this mess! If you and Lindsay hadnt gone to Sothrea and encountered danger, I never wouldve met Robin, and none of this would be happening! Without waiting for a response, she ignored the storm brewing in Matthews eyes, got into her car, and drove off, leaving him standing at the doorway.
Matthew remained motionless, his eyes fixed on the taillights of her car as it disappeared down the road.
A whirlwind of emotions raged inside him-confusion, anger, and an overwhelming sense of helplessness.
Meanwhile, in her apartment, Lindsay slammed her phone down after speaking with Betsey.
Their attempt to stir up trouble at the Clark family residence had failed, and the realization set her fury ablaze.
The anger within her simmered, growing more intense with each passing moment .
She paced frenetically across the room, her mind a blur of vicious thoughts.
Finally, her face twisted into a cold, calculating expression.
If things go south, she muttered under her breath, her voice laced with malice, Ill just get rid of Stella for good.
If Matthew gets his memory back, Ill lose everything anyway.
Her eyes gleamed with a dangerous intensity, a glint of madness flickering just beneath the surface.
Stella and Sanford entered the restaurant, one closely following the other.
When Sanford sat down, his eyes caught the red marks on Stellas cheek.
His expression darkened as he asked, Stella, what happened to your face? Did someone hurt you? Stella gave a subtle shake of her head, attempting to dismiss it.
Its really nothing-just a minor accident, she replied, quickly steering the conversation elsewhere to avoid further discussion.
Yet Sanford remained unconvinced, his demeanor hardening as determination took over.
Stella, talk to me. Whats going on? he asked, his gaze fixed on her, leaving no room for escape.
With a reluctant sigh, Stella finally admitted, Some members from the Wheeler family came by, and we argued.
In the commotion, I accidentally got hit.
Once she finished explaining, Stella wasted no time redirecting the discussion.
So, whats this about Robin? she inquired, her curiosity aimed at uncovering the true purpose of their meeting.
Sanford avoided her question, leaning forward instead.
Stella, do you know much about Doreens family background? Confused, Stella frowned.
Not really.
Why are you bringing her up all of a sudden? 
###chapter2413
Sanford said nothing, simply pushing a document across the table toward Stella and motioning for her to examine its contents.
Take a look at this, and youll understand, he said.
Stellas eyes scanned the document, uncovering a grim picture: Doreens father, a chronic gambler prone to violence, had racked up millions in debt, mysteriously cleared in recent days.
At the same time, her mother had been desperately seeking employment across town.
After digesting the contents, Stella looked up, her brow furrowed.
Are you implying Doreens involved? Sanford gave a grim nod.
Shes your assistant, Stella.
If anyone had the access and opportunity to do something shady, its her.
Stella immediately defended Doreen.
Thats absurd.
She wasnt even near me when everything went down, and I havent seen anything suspicious about her.
You cant accuse her just because her familys situation improved suddenly. Sanford sighed deeply.
This isnt about baseless accusations.
Bennett handed me this report after investigating people close to you.
Right now, Doreen seems Like the likeliest suspect.
I know you trust her, but until we uncover the truth, you need to tread carefully.
Stella remained quiet, torn between her trust in Doreen and the Logic in Sanfords words.
Though his reasoning made sense, her heart resisted the idea of betrayal.
With a heavy heart, she left the restaurant alongside Sanford.
As they reached the street corner, Sanford hesitated before softly calling her name.
Looking into her eyes, he spoke with quiet sincerity.
Stella, dont worry.
Well uncover the truth.
Just promise me youll stay vigilant and take care of yourself in the meantime.
His reassurance, though kind, felt like a refrain she had grown tired of hearing.
It offered little solace in her storm of uncertainty.
She gave a small, distracted nod.
Thanks, Sanford.
Ill be careful.
Noticing her weary expression, Sanford felt a twinge of guilt.
For a moment, he hesitated before asking something unexpected.
Stella, do you recall anything about your father? Her brows furrowed in confusion.
My father? Not really.
Why do you ask? Sanford lowered his gaze, his tone tinged with regret.
I just..
I feel I shouldve done more for you. I cant help but feel responsible.
The self-reproach in his voice stirred something in Stella.
Her heart softened as she looked at him, a quiet warmth replacing her earlier unease.
Offering a reassuring smile, she said gently, None of this was your fault, Sanford.
Sometimes things happen beyond anyones control.
Dont be so hard on yourself.
After parting ways, Stella returned to the studio.
Doreen was taken aback when she saw Stella and hurried over, her face etched with concern.
Stella, youre here.
Hows everything going with the case? Stellas gaze lingered on Doreen for a moment, making the Latter uneasy.
Doreen asked, her voice tinged with anxiety, Stella, why are you staring at me like that? Snapping out of her thoughts, Stella quickly replied, Its nothing.
She then shifted the conversation.
By the way, how have the studios orders been Lately? 
###chapter2414
Trying to divert her focus back to work, Stella hoped it would provide some temporary distraction from the heaviness weighing on her mind.
Doreen hesitated, and then answered, It seems the news has affected things a bit.
Orders have slowed down.
Her voice was laced with unease as if fearing Stella might hold her accountable.
Stella gave a small nod, her tone softening.
I really appreciate your dedication Lately.
Ill give you a bonus this month.
Doreens face brightened with gratitude. She was about to leave when Stella called her back.
Doreen, if you ever find yourself in need, dont hesitate to come to me.
At work, Im your boss, but outside of it, I think of you as a friend.
Doreen paused, startled by Stellas words.
Doreen couldnt shake the nagging feeling that something was off about Stellas sudden comment.
Had she made a mistake somewhere? Was Stella starting to suspect her? A whirlwind of thoughts flooded her mind as she replayed her recent actions, yet she couldnt detect any change in Stellas demeanor.
After a brief moment of contemplation, Doreen concluded that perhaps Stella was simply concerned for her well-being.
Grateful, Doreen quickly voiced her thanks, saying earnestly, I appreciate your concern, Stella.
If I ever need anything, Ill be sure to reach out.
Stella gave a subtle nod, her voice gentle as she replied, You can go now.
As Doreen closed the door behind her, Stellas eyes revealed a complex mix of emotions.
She silently wished that Doreen wouldnt let her down or cause her any pain.
In a world filled with tension and intrigue, Stella couldnt help but feel exposed, haunted by the fear of betrayal from those she trusted most.
Once outside, Doreen quickly pushed Stellas words from her mind.
It had been some time since she was asked to keep tabs on Stellas movements.
While the intentions of the other party remained unclear to her, Doreen had the sense that the matter was Likely settled.
Back at her desk, Doreen immersed herself in her work, focusing on completing her tasks before diving into her freelance projects.
She had calculated that if she finished the current gig and received payment, she could repay Dexter and start tackling her mounting debts. She remained determined that one day, she would clear them all.
Later that evening, as Doreen was about to leave, Dexter unexpectedly appeared.
His presence made Doreen nervous.
She considered approaching him, but he bypassed her completely, walking straight to Stellas office and knocking before entering.
Watching him go, Doreens curiosity piqued.
She decided to wait, eager to see what transpired when Dexter emerged.
Inside the office, Stella greeted Dexter and immediately got to the point.
I need you to do something for me.
###chapter2415
She elaborated, explaining, I lost a pen some time ago, but it was found at the scene of the incident.
Could you look into this? Once they discussed the matter, Stellas tone softened as she regarded Dexter.
Have you noticed anything strange about Doreen Lately? When Dexter heard Stellas question, his mind immediately jumped to Doreen and the money she had borrowed from him.
He hesitated briefly, considering the personal nature of the issue and the modest sum involved.
Opting to preserve Doreens pride, he chose to remain silent on the matter.
Attempting to maintain a composed demeanor, Dexter responded, I havent really spent much time with Doreen lately, and nothing out of the ordinary has caught my attention.
Stella didnt probe any further. She pointedly advised, Ensure you thoroughly investigate this matter and keep a watchful eye on Lindsay.
With a dismissive wave, she signaled him to exit.
The moment Dexter closed the door behind him, a sudden tug on his wrist startled him.
Instinctively, he jerked his hand away, only to discover a flustered Doreen beside him.
A flush of embarrassment warmed his cheeks as he stammered an apology.
Oh, Doreen, Im so sorry-I didnt realize it was you.
Everything alright? Regaining her balance, Doreen quickly reciprocated his apology, her voice tinged with discomfort.
No, no, I should apologize.
I was too hasty.
I just wanted to let you know Ill pay you back in a few days.
Her words were soft and filled with an awkward earnestness that underscored the delicate nature of their conversation.
Dexter brushed off the urgency with a nonchalant gesture, saying leisurely, No rush, take all the time you need.
Just as he was about to stride out the door, a sudden thought halted him; Stellas words had sparked a nagging curiosity.
He swiveled back toward Doreen and probed, Doreen, this sudden need to borrow money-whats going on? Are you in some kind of trouble? Doreen skirted around the truth with a dismissive shrug and a hasty switch in topic.
Sensing her reluctance to reveal more, Dexter decided not to pursue the matter further and exited. Back inside his car, Dexter swiftly grabbed his phone and dialed Sanford.
Mr.
Quimby, Stellas got me digging into Lindsays affairs.
A chill of suspicion crept over Sanford upon receiving the news, and he felt an immediate urge to unravel this new enigma.
Over the phone, Dexter said, It seems Stella suspects that Lindsay may be tangled up in Robins unfortunate demise.
Memories of his previous interactions with Lindsay flashed through Sanfords mind, alerting him to her possible motives.
After a brief pause to gather his thoughts, Sanford instructed with resolve, Keep me updated with any developments immediately.
###chapter2416
Sanford ended the call with a decisive click and sank back into his seat, his brows furrowed in deep contemplation.
Previously, Sanford had schemed with Lindsay to undermine Stellas marriage, but their efforts had failed to produce the results hed hoped for, so he had cast Lindsay aside Like a discarded chess piece.
Now, with Stella growing suspicious of Lindsay, Sanford found himself reevaluating Lindsays cunning and determination.
The following morning, as sunlight bathed the city streets in a golden glow, Stella made her way to her studio, adhering to her routine.
Stepping out of her car with poise, Stella was suddenly swarmed by a crowd of reporters, who descended on her like vultures zeroing in on their next meal.
They enveloped her, bombarding her with relentless inquiries Linked to Robins mysterious death.
Stella, did Matthew assist you in eluding the police for Robins murder? Stella, had you been plotting Robins death for a while? Camera flashes erupted around her, the piercing brightness nearly overwhelming her vision. Startled yet cautious, Stella was acutely aware of her pregnancy, carefully navigating her movements to avoid the aggressive reporters.
Despite her efforts, the reporters were ruthless, crowding her more closely and cutting off her escape.
Just when the situation seemed unbearable, Doreen burst through the reporters with fierce determination, making her way to Stellas side.
Doreens face was flushed with fury as she snapped at the reporters.
Do you have any sense of decency at all? Whats the point of crowding us like this? Without missing a beat, she stepped forward, shielding Stella as she fought her way through the relentless throng.
The reporters, however, were unwilling to let such an opportunity slip through their fingers.
They trailed closely behind, bombarding them with relentless questions.
Thanks to Doreens fierce protection, Stella finally managed to reach the entrance of the studio.
She paused, taking a deep breath in an effort to steady her jumbled emotions.
Her voice, firm and unwavering, cut through the chaos.
I wont answer any questions that seem more Like baseless accusations.
Her strong tone was meant to deter the reporters, but just as her words settled, the sound of approaching footsteps drew attention.
The police had arrived.
An officer stepped forward, his expression grim as he addressed Stella. Maam, please come with us to the station.
Shock rippled through both women.
They stood frozen, their faces pale with disbelief.
Doreen, however, quickly regained her composure.
She stepped in front of the officer and demanded, Why are you taking Stella? Whats the reason? The officer remained impassive, offering no response.
The sight of the police only fueled the reporters frenzy, their questions growing louder as they scrambled for firsthand details.
Amid the chaos, Stella took a moment to calm herself.
###chapter2417
Turning to Doreen, she whispered, Doreen, go back to the studio.
Dont worry about me; Ill cooperate with the investigation.
Reluctantly, Doreen watched as Stella was escorted away, her heart heavy with anxiety.
Left standing at the studio entrance, her mind raced.
She pulled out her phone and scrolled through her contacts, hesitating for a moment before deciding not to call Matthew.
Memories of his attitude toward Lindsay and Robin being the victim of this case weighed on her decision.
Instead, she chose to call Sanford.
Meanwhile, at the Prosperity Group headquarters, Neville stormed into the CEOs office, his expression heavy with the weight of his findings.
Matthew, Neville began gravely, his tone somber.
The doctor who treated you in Sothrea passed away a month ago from a terminal illness. Strangely, his entire family has disappeared, and their whereabouts remain unknown.
Nevilles frown deepened as he continued, his voice resolute, The shooting in Sothrea was no accident.
Matthews gaze turned icy at Nevilles words.
After a brief silence, he responded calmly, though his tone carried an edge, Be cautious; dont alert the enemy.
Keep tracing the family.
As he spoke, Matthew rubbed his temples unconsciously, a gesture that didnt go unnoticed.
Another headache? Neville asked, concern evident in his voice.
Matthew nodded silently.
Recalling Cordells strict orders and noting Matthews worsening condition, Neville sighed heavily.
Cordell insists you go through with the surgery soon, he urged.
He sighed again, knowing the ongoing chaos would disrupt Matthews surgery, which itself was risky.
The thought of Matthews precarious situation, combined with the risks of the surgery, filled Neville with a mix of frustration and determination.
He made a solemn vow.
Matthew, Ill find the mastermind behind the shooting incident.
No matter what.
As Matthew battled his splitting headache, a sharp knock interrupted them.
Fernando entered hastily, his urgency palpable.
Mr.
Clark, Fernando said, his voice taut with concern, your wife has been taken by the police.
Neville shot up from his seat, his face hardening.
What happened? Why was she taken? Fernando shook his head.
I dont know the details yet. Matthew didnt hesitate.
As he rose to his feet, his voice rang with quiet authority.
Fernando, get the car.
Were going to the station.
Meanwhile, Lindsay sat with Betsey and Leona in her apartment.
The plan to involve reporters had been Lindsays idea, and Betsey had been tasked with organizing them.
Tears streamed down Betseys face as she declared, Stella must pay for Robins death.
Her sobs intensified as she cried out, Robin was everything to me! Lindsay, you have to make sure she pays.
Lindsay observed Betseys emotional outburst, offering only a hollow expression of sympathy while her mind raced.
The evidence should have already reached the police.
###chapter2418
A brief but undeniable flicker of malice flashed in her eyes as if the situation was unfolding precisely as she had orchestrated.
Meanwhile, at the police station, the atmosphere was heavy with tension.
A solemn officer handed Stella a voice recorder.
The heated argument between Robin and Stella crackled to life from the device.
The officers stern gaze never left Stella as he inquired, Stella, what do you have to say about this? As she listened to the recording, Stellas brows furrowed in confusion.
Where was this recorder found? she asked, her voice laced with disbelief.
The conversation sounded entirely foreign to her.
She had no memory of such an exchange. The officer replied, In your car.
The one involved in the incident.
Stella froze, the officers implication sinking in.
Her expression hardened, determination flashing in her eyes as she declared, Before the incident, Robin and I had only argued once at the dealership.
I would never have allowed him into my car.
And I dont recall this conversation at all.
The officer remained unconvinced.
But the voices on the recording are clearly yours and Robins.
I swear, I dont remember this argument, Stella insisted, her resolve unwavering.
For a moment, an uncomfortable silence hung in the air as both sides reached a standoff.
Just then, Matthew and Sanford arrived at the police station nearly simultaneously, each flanked by their respective Lawyers.
They exchanged a glance, a spark of competition flickering between them.
Upon hearing about the newly discovered voice recording, Matthew regained his composure and swiftly asked, Has it been verified? Are you certain the recording hasnt been tampered with? Are the voices really Stellas and Robins? The officer stood momentarily speechless, caught off guard by the question.
They had yet to perform a full authentication of the recording.
Matthew, undeterred by the officers discomfort, handed the recorder to Fernando and spoke with firm authority.
Fernando, verify this as quickly as possible. Fernando nodded and quickly left the room, taking the recorder with him.
In the silence of the interrogation room, only the sound of steady breathing could be heard.
Matthew gently squeezed Stellas hand, offering silent support.
Sanford watched the interaction, his eyes betraying a mixture of emotionsconfusion, frustration, and something deeper.
About half an hour Later, Fernando returned, his expression grave.
Its confirmed, he said.
The voices on the recorder are definitely Stellas and Robins, but the content has been synthesized.
A wave of realization swept over the room, and everyones demeanor shifted.
###chapter2419
Stellas face darkened with fury as her mind raced to unravel who could be behind such a calculated plot to frame her for Robins death.
As Stella exited the police station, she was so absorbed in her thoughts that she didnt notice the uneven ground beneath her feet.
She stumbled, her body pitching forward.
Without hesitation, Matthew reached out and caught her, pulling her firmly into his arms.
Sanford had instinctively moved to help but wasnt as quick as Matthew.
His hands hovered in the air for a moment before he withdrew them, a flicker of disappointment crossing his face.
Stella, snapping back to reality, became aware of Sanfords presence. Flushed with embarrassment, she quickly pulled away from Matthews embrace, taking a deep breath to compose herself.
Once steady, she looked at Sanford and asked, Sanford, what are you doing here? Sanford replied, Doreen called me, saying you were taken away by the police.
I was so worried that I came as quickly as I could.
Ignoring the displeased Look on Matthews face, he turned to Stella with concern.
Were you frightened? Stella shook her head, her tone carrying a hint of apology.
Im sorry for making you worry.
Sanford offered a faint smile.
Bennett isnt in Seamarsh, but he insisted I get to the bottom of this.
His words eased some of Stellas guilt, and she cast him a grateful glance.
Matthew, disliking the interaction between Stella and Sanford, felt his temper flare.
Without a second thought, he grabbed Stellas hand, ready to leave.
His actions, a little rough, irritated Stella.
Already shaken by the days events, her main concern was the baby.
She shouted, Matthew, slow down! Youre hurting me! Matthew seemed oblivious to her protests and kept pulling her along.
Seeing this, Sanford frowned and stepped forward, blocking Matthews path. His tone was firm as he said, Matthew, didnt you hear her? Youre hurting her! Matthew, his face twisted with anger, barked back, Get out of the way! Stop interfering! Sanford stood his ground, his posture unwavering.
Dont push too far.
Stella needs care right now, not your recklessness.
The tension between the two was palpable, their confrontation reaching another stalemate.
At that tense moment, Sanfords phone buzzed.
He glanced at the screen and saw Dexters name flashing.
Narrowing his eyes, he wondered why Dexter would call at such a time.
###chapter2420
Stella sighed resignedly and addressed Sanford.
If you have something urgent, go ahead.
I can handle this.
Sanford gave her a small nod, acknowledging her words.
With Sanford no longer blocking him, Matthew guided Stella away, his hand still gripping hers.
However, feeling her slight resistance, he instinctively softened his grip.
Sanford stood silently, watching as Matthew and Lindsay drove away.
1 Only when their car disappeared from sight did he finally answer Dexters call and head toward his own vehicle.
On the other end, Dexters voice was steady yet serious.
We havent confirmed if the pen is connected to Lindsay, but Ive uncovered something interesting.
Lindsay recently hired a private investigator to dig into Doreen.
Apparently, Doreens father was framed, which led to him accruing gambling debts. Strangely, those debts were paid off in full shortly after.
Ive gathered all the details.
Sanfords brows knitted together as he absorbed the information.
Do you think all of this ties back to Lindsay? he asked, his voice calm but edged with suspicion.
Dexters affirmative response made Sanfords expression darken.
His gaze turned icy, sharp with a resolve that hinted at an imminent confrontation.
After a brief pause, he said, I need to meet with Lindsay.
Make the arrangements.
Lindsay sat in her apartment, the quiet weighing down on her.
The clock seemed to mock her as the minutes dragged on, but there was no word-no update.
Anxiety twisted in her gut, tighter with each passing second.
Leona and Betsey, oblivious to her discomfort, jabbered away beside her, their voices rising and falling in a constant, annoying volley.
The noise, the chaos, only made her headache worse.
Then, her phone buzzed.
A message from an unknown number.
Her pulse quickened as she unlocked it.
An address.
Her breath caught in her throat.
It had to be the mysterious person who had helped her before.
If they offered help again, Stella would be behind bars, and everything would fall perfectly into place.
The thought of it made her heart race-excitement and tension fought for dominance inside her.
She couldnt wait any longer.
She needed to go.
She glanced at Leona and Betsey, both still oblivious to her growing desperation, and seized the opportunity to send them on an errand, giving herself the perfect excuse to slip away. As she moved toward the door, Katelyn suddenly appeared in front of her, blocking the way with a hesitant look.
Miss Wheeler, are you going out? Lindsay froze for a moment, her stomach churning.
Shed almost forgotten the maid was in the apartment, and with her wheelchair, it was impossible to reveal that she could walk.
Her lips pressed into a thin line.
With a forced calmness, she answered, Im just stepping out for some fresh air downstairs.
I dont need anyone with me.
Katelyn hesitated, her worry clear.
I should go with you.
Just in case Before Katelyn could finish, the irritation flared up inside Lindsay like a spark in dry grass.
I said, Im fine.
Just stay here.
With that, she pushed past Katelyn and stormed out.
###chapter2421
Inside the elevator, Lindsay steadied her breath, her mind already several steps ahead.
Katelyn had grown too curious, too involved in her life, and that was a liability.
Once her plan unfolded, Katelyn would be of no use-and she knew exactly how to get rid of her.
Following the instructions in the text message, Lindsay arrived at the north gate, her eyes scanning the area.
A black car stood parked, its sleek surface blending seamlessly into the night.
She checked the surroundings-empty.
It was now or never.
Without hesitation, she straightened up, her heart pounding in her chest, and slid into the car.
The back seat was shrouded in shadow, a partition keeping her from seeing the driver.
She leaned forward slightly, trying to pierce the darkness.
Sir, who exactly are you? The response? Nothing. Silence, thick and impenetrable.
The car eased into motion, and Lindsay, sensing that further conversation would be futile, settled back into her seat.
Meanwhile, hidden in the shadows, Katelyn was struggling to process the impossible.
She had just witnessed something that didnt make sense-Lindsay had stood up.
Katelyns hands shook as she clutched her phone, her thumb hovering over Matthews contact.
Would he even believe her without solid proof? Doubt gnawed at her.
Maybe she had seen things wrong.
Maybe it wasnt Lindsay after all.
She shoved the phone back into her pocket, her mind a storm of confusion.
The air inside another car felt thick, stifling with tension.
Stella sat beside Matthew, her brow furrowed as she watched him, attempting to keep the peace.
Matthew, you cant keep acting so resentful every time you see Sanford.
Its really not polite, you know.
Matthew said nothing, his lips drawn tight in a grim line, his gaze fixed ahead.
He absorbed her words, but the quiet only served to build his frustration.
The more she spoke, the more his anger swelled, a pressure he couldnt contain.
Without warning, he slammed his foot onto the brake pedal.
The car lurched violently to the side of the road, sending Stella hurtling forward in her seat.
Instinctively, she crossed her arms over her stomach, bracing herself from the shock.
Oblivious to Stellas subtle gesture, Matthews hands gripped the wheel with white-knuckled intensity, his anger still bubbling beneath the surface.
He turned to face her, his eyes dark with frustration.
I dont want Sanford anywhere near you. I dont care what it is.
I wont allow it.
Stella felt her temper ignite as Matthews words echoed in her ears.
She could no longer keep the fury contained.
This is completely irrational! Matthews expression darkened instantly, his gaze sharpening like a blade.
Youre my wife; thats non-negotiable! But Stellas fury only intensified.
She met his glare head-on, unshaken.
First and foremost, I am me, she snapped, her words clear and unyielding.
I Live my own life.
You dont control me.
###chapter2422
Her chest heaved as she forced herself to take a calming breath, fighting to steady the whirlwind inside her.
ve tried to reason with you, to speak calmly.
But now it feels pointless.
Before your memory loss, you had issues with Sanford, sure, but you still managed to act with some basic decency.
Now, without your memory of our past, it seems like youve lost any sense of judgment.
Her voice softened, but the sting was undeniable.
And these accusations… theyre just disrespectful to me.
Her eyes glistened, disappointment clouding her gaze.
For a long, silent beat, Matthew was frozen in his seat, as if struck.
Matthews mind churned, and slowly, he came to a grim realization. His issues ran deeper than hed first admitted.
He was consumed by possessiveness, particularly when it came to Sanford.
His jealousy was like a constant, suffocating weight, one he couldnt shake.
The thought of Sanford being so familiar with Stella-while Matthew had no memory of their shared past-gnawed at him, stirring up a fear he hadnt wanted to face.
Just then, something struck Stella.
A sharp, sudden pain stabbed through her stomach, leaving her breathless.
She clutched her abdomen, instinctively trying to mask it from Matthew.
In that moment, a crushing thought hit her: If Matthew never regained his memory, and if their relationship continued like thischaotic, toxic, and full of doubt-how could she endure it? And what about their unborn child? The decision shed eventually have to make loomed heavy, an inescapable reality that she wasnt ready for.
Her face clouded briefly and a panic gripped her chest, sharp and terrifying.
She reached for the car door, desperate to escape the suffocating atmosphere, but the door was locked.
She jerked her hand back and turned toward Matthew, her eyes burning with anger.
The realization hit him with full force-his actions, his rash anger, had brought them here.
Stella, he said quietly, the sincerity in his voice pulling at the thread of his self-control.
Im sorry.
I was too impulsive.
Ill do better, I promise.
His words were careful, searching for redemption, his eyes locked on hers, brimming with regret.
Let me take you home.
Please.
Stella didnt know what she felt anymore. The anger was still there, simmering beneath the surface, but it was tangled with something elsesomething sharp and aching.
Stella felt drained.
She had no strength left to argue, no fight left to give.
With a quiet sigh, she closed her eyes, Leaning back against the seat, her body tense with discomfort as she tried to find some semblance of ease.
Matthew watched in silence, his own emotions tangled.
He waited until he saw her settle, and then carefully restarted the car, the engines hum a soft rhythm as he drove slowly.
Elsewhere, Lindsay stirred slowly in the dark.
Her eyes fluttered open, but nothingness surrounded her.
A sudden wave of fear washed over her.
She wasnt supposed to be here.
Where was she? 
###chapter2423
The last thing Lindsay clearly remembered was slipping into the car with that mysterious person.
Had she blacked out? Tentatively, she whispered into the void, Is anyone there? Where is this place? Suddenly, a voice broke through it, cold and firm, like an icy hand gripping her spine.
Did you cause Robins death? The question hit her like a blow, and her heart raced with a surge of confusion and fear.
She needed to know who was speaking, needed to make sense of her situation before she could even begin to answer.
Her voice trembled slightly as she demanded, Who are you? Why have you brought me here? The darkness offered no reply, only the unwavering voice that seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere at once.
Just answer me.
Did you cause Robins death? Lindsay realized that the person hadnt made any direct attempt to harm her. Slowly, her fear ebbed away.
Believing that the voice belonged to the mysterious person who had helped her before, she steeled herself, deciding to start with their initial collaboration plan.
Our plan was to separate Matthew and Stella.
But its glaringly obvious now that the plans a bust.
I need another solution.
I cant keep faking this disability forever.
If Matthew regains his memory, every single thing Ive worked for will crumble into dust… She expected her analysis to meet with approval or at least acknowledgment, but the response she got was far from what shed imagined.
Out of nowhere, the person lunged and seized her throat.
Terror exploded through Lindsays veins as she clawed at the hand, her nails scraping uselessly against skin as she struggled for air.
The room was a cavern of darkness, and no matter how wide she opened her eyes, it revealed nothing.
Choking on her desperation, she managed to gasp out a fractured plea.
It.
wasnt me.
I didnt But the hand around her neck didnt falter.
Her breaths turned shallow and erratic, and panic devoured her, drowning out every coherent thought.
Lindsay desperately struggled to Loosen the persons grip on her throat, but her hands grew weak due to the oxygen deprivation. Just when she felt her grip on consciousness slipping entirely, the hand released her.
She collapsed to the floor like a marionette with its strings cut, wheezing and clutching at her aching throat as it heaved with labored breaths.
Her coughs rasped harshly in the stillness of the room.
Then, slicing through the silence, the voice spoke again, its tone razor -sharp and merciless.
Clean up this mess and clear Stellas name! A tide of defiance surged through Lindsay, mingling with her indignation.
Every fiber of her being rebelled against the command.
How could she possibly agree to such terms? Raising her head slightly, she croaked hoarsely, Why should I? Ive sacrificed too much to get to this point.
###chapter2424
The persons voice turned frostier, laced with venomous warning.
Because if you dont, youll find yourself rotting in prison.
And if you doubt my reach, feel free to test it.
The words sent a chill down Lindsays spine.
She had no illusions about the gravity of the threat-it was no empty bluff.
Yet resentment gnawed at her resolve, making her hesitate.
Why not help me just one more time? If Stella ends up in prison, Matthew wont survive the public backlash.
Divorce will be inevitable.
Isnt that a win-win for both of us? The response came cold, direct, and final. Did you not hear me the first time? You have one week to decide! A flicker of clarity pierced Lindsays clouded mind.
Your target was Stella from the start, wasnt it? Or do you have other plans for her? But the person offered no reply.
The only response was curt and dismissive.
Leave now.
Before Lindsay could press further, a hand clamped over her nose and mouth from behind.
She thrashed and kicked wildly, but the struggle was futile.
Darkness consumed her again, this time pulling her into unconsciousness.
When she regained consciousness, she found herself slumped in her wheelchair, positioned haphazardly on a patch of grass beside the street.
Before she could piece together her thoughts, her phone buzzed.
Her trembling fingers grabbed the device.
A single message glared back at her-a chilling reminder of the one-week deadline.
Fury erupted within her, her face flushing crimson as her grip tightened around the phone.
She came perilously close to hurling it into the void of night.
Her hatred for Stella burned hotter than ever, a wildfire consuming every shred of reason.
How had it all come to this? Who in the shadows could possibly be aiding Stella? Lindsay lingered outside alone, striving to regain her composure before wheeling herself back inside.
Katelyn noticed her return and approached cautiously.
However, Lindsay, lost in her thoughts about navigating the tricky situation, was completely unaware of Katelyns peculiar behavior.
She headed straight to her room, slamming the door shut behind her. Katelyn stood at the threshold, staring at the closed door, and let out a sigh of relief.
Relieved that Lindsay hadnt noticed her strange demeanor, she silently prayed for the issue to resolve itself without her involvement.
Meanwhile, Matthew drove Stella to the studio.
Throughout the trip, he kept apologizing.
Stella, Im sorry.
I didnt mean it.
I shouldnt have acted so impulsively.
Can you forgive me? Stella, however, remained expressionless, offering no response.
###chapter2425
Stella replied coolly, Lets talk about it later.
When the car came to a stop, Stella stepped out but felt an uneasy sensation growing after just a few steps.
She pushed through the discomfort and slowly made her way back toward the office.
Miley, noticing her return, rushed over with concern etched across her face.
Stella, are you alright? I saw the news and was terrified.
Stella attempted to reassure her, but a sharp abdominal pain suddenly overwhelmed her.
Clutching Mileys hand, she managed to whisper, Take me.
to the hospital.
Miley and Doreen, alarmed by Stellas condition, panicked.
Doreen, anxious, blurted, Stella, Ill come with you to the hospital.
You look terrible. Despite the pain, Stella raised her hand, halting Doreen mid-step.
Her voice, though strained, carried quiet authority.
Doreen, stay at the studio.
Its probably just a stomachache-nothing serious.
The studio needs you more right now.
Stella remained cautious around Doreen, memories of past events keeping her on edge.
She knew she couldnt afford to Let her guard down.
Without hesitation, Miley stepped forward, supporting Stella as they hurried outside.
Anxious and determined, Miley drove swiftly, her knuckles white against the steering wheel.
From the front seat, she kept glancing back, her voice filled with urgency.
Stella, hang in there.
Were almost at the hospital.
Everything will be alright.
Despite the pale sheen of pain on her face, Stella managed a faint smile.
Her voice was a soft whisper.
Miley, calm down.
Dont rush.
Ill be fine.
Miley, still fretting, bit her lip.
Stella, should I tell Matthew? Hell be really worried if he finds out.
Stella shook her head firmly, her expression resolute as she bit her lip to stifle a wince.
Not now. Ill explain everything at the hospital.
Moments later, they pulled into the hospital parking lot.
Stella clutched her abdomen tightly as another wave of pain hit.
Gritting her teeth, she instructed Miley in a strained voice, Take me to the obstetrics and gynecology department.
Miley froze, her eyes wide with shock.
Seeing Stellas determined gaze, Miley swallowed her questions.
Though filled with doubt, she dared not press further.
Nodding quickly, she helped Stella into the hospital and straight to the department.
As Stella disappeared into the examination room, Miley found herself pacing the corridor, her heart racing.
Her phone trembled in her hand as she debated whether to inform Matthew.
###chapter2426
The weight of the decision pressed heavily on her.
This is too important to keep quiet.
If I dont tell him, he might blame me Later.
But..
what if Stella isnt ready for him to know? she muttered to herself.
Lost in thought, Miley was startled at the sound of a familiar voice Miley? She spun around, her heart skipping a beat as she recognized Cordell approaching.
She felt even more flustered, cursing inwardly.
Cordells sharp eyes flicked over her face, concern etched into his features.
What are you doing here? he asked, his tone curious yet careful.
Before Miley could answer, Cordells gaze shifted, Landing on the sign above the department.
His brows furrowed as a sudden realization struck.
Could Miley be pregnant? Miley had no time to dwell on whatever might be running through Cordells mind. Her thoughts were completely preoccupied with Stellas pregnancy.
She wasnt sure how Stella truly felt about it, and with Cordell being Matthews friend, she couldnt afford to let anything slip.
If the secret got out, it would spell disaster.
Determined to divert Cordells attention, Miley put on a casual front and brushed him off with an excuse.
Oh, Im just here with a friend.
You go ahead and handle your businessdont mind me.
But Cordell wasnt one to let things slide so easily.
He pressed her further, his curiosity relentless.
A friend? What friend? Do I know her? Miley internally groaned but kept her composure, sidestepping his question yet again.
Just one of our companys models.
You dont know her.
Its nothing important, really-you dont need to help.
She quickly added for good measure, Cordell, you have to keep this a secret, alright? Shes a model, after all.
If any rumors spread, it could ruin her career.
Cordell considered her words for a moment before nodding.
Alright, I understand.
Dont worry-I wont say a word.
With that, he turned and left.
Even as he walked away, a nagging sense of suspicion lingered.
Something about the whole situation felt… off.
As soon as he left the department, Cordell made a quick call to Neville, recounting his unexpected encounter with Miley at the obstetrics and genecology department.
Meanwhile, Miley stood rooted in place, watching until Cordells figure disappeared into the distance.
Only then did she allow herself to breathe a little easier.
The sound of a door opening drew her attention, and she turned to see a doctor stepping out of the examination room.
Miley hurried forward, anxiety etched across her face. Doctor, how is Stella? The doctor met her concern with a reassuring look.
She experienced some fetal distress, but her condition is stable for now.
That said, I recommend keeping her in the hospital for a few days under observation just to ensure everything settles down.
Hearing this, Miley didnt waste a moment.
She sprang into action, rushing to arrange Stellas hospitalization.
She ran back and forth tirelessly until all the arrangements were made.
By the time Miley returned to the room, her forehead was damp with sweat.
Bursting in, she spoke in a rush, unable to contain her worry.
Stella, how did this happen? How did you end up pregnant? Should we tell your mom? Or Matthew? I dont know what to do! Stella Lay in the bed, her face pale and exhausted.
She gently shook her head.
Please, Miley, keep this a secret for now.
Dont tell anyone.
###chapter2427
Miley froze, stunned by Stellas plea.
She recalled the things Stella had once shared about Matthews views on children, and a pang of concern gripped her chest.
Are you worried Matthew wont want this baby? Stella hesitated, first shaking her head but then nodding faintly.
The conflicting response only deepened Mileys confusion.
With a weary sigh, Stella finally spoke, her voice soft but filled with despair.
Matthew still hasnt regained his memory, and our relationship is already hanging by a thread.
This baby… it couldnt have come at a worse time.
And to make things worse, someones been targeting me recently.
We still havent caught the real culprit.
If news of my pregnancy gets out, both the baby and I could be in serious danger.
Mileys chest tightened as she listened.
Her eyes reddened with unshed tears, and she murmured, Youve been through so much already.
Why does everything have to happen to you? Stella offered a faint smile, her voice gentle as she tried to comfort Miley.
Its alright, Miley.
Dont worry.
This will pass.
Miley wiped the tears from her eyes and pressed again, concern evident in her tone.
Are you absolutely sure you dont want to tell your mom? Stella remained quiet for a moment, thinking it over before shaking her head firmly.
My mom is already worn out from worrying about me.
If she finds out Im pregnant, shell drop everything to take care of me. Her health isnt great as it is, and I dont think she could handle the strain.
Miley nodded, her expression resolute.
Alright, I understand.
Dont worry-Ill take care of you and the baby.
I promise, this will stay a secret.
Nobody will find out.
Stellas eyes shimmered with gratitude as she looked at Miley.
Thank you, Miley.
I mean it.
Thank you for everything.
Miley waved her hand dismissively, a small smile breaking through her worry.
What are you thanking me for? Were friends-theres no need for that.
She hesitated before adding, Oh, by the way, I ran into Cordell outside.
I made up a story about being here with a company model and asked him to keep it confidential.
Just wanted to let you know, so youre aware.
Mileys face was etched with worry as she said, Im really concerned.
This hospital isnt that big.
What if we run into Cordell again? If that happens, I dont think wed be able to keep this under wraps.
Think about it.
If Cordell gets even the slightest suspicion, he could just ask a nurse or doctor and find out whos been admitted.
It wouldnt take much.
Stella, lying in the bed with her complexion still pale, mustered a faint but reassuring smile.
Dont stress about it, Miley.
If worse comes to worst, well deal with it then.
Theres no point in worrying yourself sick-itll only wear you out.
Mileys heart ached as she looked at Stella, her exhaustion painfully evident.
Knowing Stella needed rest, she decided not to say anything else that might upset her.
Instead, she gently patted Stellas hand and said, Alright, you get some rest.
Ill go home and make some soup for you-something nutritious to help you recover.
Ill be back later to keep you company.
Stella nodded weakly, her voice barely audible.
Thank you, Miley.
Please, be careful on your way, she whispered, her eyes heavy with exhaustion.
Miley cast one last concerned glance at Stella, her heart tightening with worry.
With a quiet sigh, she turned and left the hospital, determined to do whatever she could to help.
When she arrived home, she wasted no time heading into the kitchen.
Rolling up her sleeves, she methodically began preparing the ingredients for the soup.
She was in the middle of stirring the pot when a sudden commotion at the door startled her.
Before she could react, Neville burst in, his energy filling the room.
Miley! he exclaimed, rushing over. Without hesitation, he scooped her up in his arms and spun her around in circles.
Oh my god, babe, Im so happy! he said, his voice full of excitement.
He was as thrilled as if he had just hit the jackpot, his over-the-top excitement leaving Miley completely stunned.
Struggling to free herself, she shouted, Neville! Put me down! Have you lost your mind? Why arent you at work right now? What are you even doing here? Neville, still caught up in his enthusiasm, finally snapped out of it and carefully set her down on the couch.
But before Miley could say another word, he reached out to touch her stomach.
Thrown off by his bizarre behavior, Miley instinctively slapped his hand away and glared at him.
What on earth are you doing? Whats gotten into you? Neville, however, looked completely serious.
Babe, Im going to start planning our wedding right now.
I want you to walk down the aisle in the most beautiful gown before you start showing.
You deserve a wedding to remember.
His tone softened as he looked at her with genuine concern.
Are you feeling alright? Do you need anything? I cant believe I was so careless.
I shouldve noticed something this important.
Miley stared at him, utterly baffled.
It took her a moment to process his words before she finally asked, Wait a second..
Did Cordell call you? Did he tell you Im pregnant? Neville shook his head and quickly clarified, Cordell mentioned seeing you at the obstetrics and genecology department earlier today.
He said you looked tense and told me to keep a closer eye on you.
Since he knows Stella, your best friend, isnt pregnant, he jumped to the conclusion that it mustve been you visiting the department.
Miley stared at him, torn between disbelief and frustration.
A wry smile tugged at her lips as she said, What kind of logic is that? He just assumed Im pregnant out of thin air? Neville frowned, his expression clouded with genuine confusion.
Wait… are you telling me youre not pregnant? 
###chapter2428
Miley shot Neville a glare, her tone sharp.
Youre not even thinking straight.
Weve always been careful, so if I really were pregnant, shouldnt you be worried first? Why are you so focused on planning a wedding instead? Nevilles face darkened with irritation at her words.
Furrowing his brow, he retorted, Miley, dont say things like that.
Throwing around something Like this could hurt your reputation.
Seeing the seriousness in his expression, Miley realized she had crossed a Line.
She stopped teasing and lightly pushed him away as she stood up, preparing to return to the kitchen to continue making the soup.
But before she could leave, Neville grabbed her hand, his gaze steady and filled with intent.
Babe, honestly, I think we should consider having a baby.
Look at it this way, Miley paused, her thoughts racing, before shaking her head firmly.
Neville, our relationship is stable right now, but you know how your mother feels about us.
I dont want to use a child to force her to compromise.
Even if we ended up married, thered always be unspoken tension.
Her voice softened, the weight of her thoughts evident in her tone. Neville immediately realized his mistake-he had let his emotions take over without considering hers.
His voice grew gentle as he tried to comfort her.
Babe, dont overthink this.
A child doesnt matter-I love you.
Ill handle the situation with my mother soon.
You dont have to worry about anything.
Youre the only one Im going to marry, and nothing will ever change that.
Hearing his words, Miley felt some of her tension ease and gave a small nod.
Sensing the shift in her mood, Neville decided to steer the conversation in a different direction.
Alright then, if youre not ready to have a baby right now, well let it go.
How about I make dinner instead? Miley waved him off.
No need.
You go do your own thing.
Ill just finish making this soup.
Besides, I wont be joining you for dinner tonight.
Nevilles brow furrowed, surprised by her sudden statement.
Why? Why arent you having dinner with me all of a sudden? Miley nearly let Stellas situation slip but managed to stop herself just in time.
Quickly, she composed a response.
Oh, its because Im taking this soup to the hospital.
I also promised Stella Id have dinner with her afterward.
Shes had such a rough day, and I want to check in and make sure shes okay.
Neville didnt seem to suspect anything.
He gave a thoughtful nod and said, Alright.
Just do your best to comfort Stella and help her unwind.
Were already investigating this matter thoroughly.
To be honest, its possible Stella wasnt even the intended target.
Mileys eyes widened in surprise.
Not the target? Then whats really going on? Nevilles expression grew grim, and he paused briefly before deciding to reveal some information to her. You know about Matthews memory loss, right? We believe the real target was Matthew, but when they couldnt get to him, they went after Stella instead-likely as a way to gain leverage or access through her.
Miley was stunned, her mouth slightly agape as she struggled to process his words.
After a long pause, she finally stammered, What? How.
how could this happen? Thats horrifying! Neville placed a steadying hand on her shoulder, his tone soft yet firm.
Dont worry, Were handling it.
But promise me you wont tell Stella yet.
Shes already under enough stress, and her health isnt strong enough to deal with more right now.
What she needs most is rest.
Miley gave a quick nod, her face serious.
I understand.
I wont say a word.
That night, Lindsay stayed secluded in her room, consumed by her own thoughts.
She only emerged for dinner after Katelyn knocked on her door.
###chapter2429
Both women appeared preoccupied, Katelyn, however, was quietly scheming, searching for a way to determine if Lindsays paralysis was genuine.
Suddenly, inspiration hit her.
Holding a bowl of hot soup, she pretended to stumble, spilling the scalding liquid toward Lindsays legs.
Lindsay let out a sharp, instinctive cry, momentarily forgetting her supposed condition.
She sprang from her wheelchair, yelling angrily, You idiot! How could you be so clumsy? As her eyes locked onto Katelyns astonished expression, realization dawned-she had just given herself away.
For a brief moment, panic flickered across her face, but she quickly composed herself.
Recognizing that the charade was over, Lindsay decided it was time to face the situation head-on.
She locked eyes with Katelyn and began to speak, her voice heavy with emotion.
Katelyn, do you have any idea how hard its been for me to survive living with the Clark family? When I rescued Matthew, I did injure my legs.
But I saw this as my chance to stay close to him. How could I just give that up? Her eyes burned as she continued, Do you even understand what that means to me? Katelyn, still reeling from the confession, struggled to respond.
But Mr.
Clark is married now, and hes been nothing but kind to you.
If your legs have healed, shouldnt you tell them? Lucia would be happy too.
Lindsay let out a sharp, almost mocking laugh before her expression darkened.
Happy? You think theyd be happy? No, Katelyn, theyd just see me as a burdena problem they could finally be rid of.
Katelyn froze at the sight of the fury etched on Lindsays face.
Panic surged through her, and she stammered in an attempt to backtrack.
Miss Wheeler, I didnt mean that… I- But her words faltered.
Lindsays grip tightened around Katelyns wrist, the pain silencing her attempts to speak.
As Lindsay studied Katelyns frightened expression, a cunning idea crossed her mind.
Realizing the danger, Katelyn grew more desperate.
She stammered, promise… Miss Wheeler, I wont tell anyone! You can trust me! Lindsays tense demeanor softened slightly, a faint smile curving her lips.
Now thats more like it.
Katelyn, fetch some cutlery and join me for dinner.
Katelyn nodded hastily and turned to leave.
But as she turned her back, Lindsays expression darkened.
Without hesitation, she grabbed a vase from a nearby table and brought it crashing down onto the back of Katelyns head.
Katelyns eyes widened in stunned disbelief, her face frozen in terror.
Before she could utter a single word, she crumpled to the floor, motionless. Standing over her while looking down, Lindsay laughed, the sound dark and hollow.
Only the dead can keep secrets.
Lindsay stared at the blood slowly spreading around Katelyns head, her expression void of any emotion or remorse.
Calmly, she pulled out her phone and dialed a number.
Her tone was icy as she spoke.
Ive found a way to clear Stellas name, but I need you to handle this for me.
Immediately.
The person on the other end agreed without hesitation.
When Lindsay ended the call, her face remained hardened, her eyes filled with cruelty and seething malice.
###chapter2430
Lindsays heart simmered with hatred-not just for Stella, who had taken Matthew from her, but also for herself.
She hated her weakness, her failures, and the perpetual disadvantage she faced in this relentless power struggle.
A short while later, a figure appeared at her door.
He was dressed in black from head to toe and entirely unrecognizable, his face perfectly obscured.
Without hesitation, Lindsay handed him a heavy suitcase, her expression cold and unyielding.
Get rid of this.
Take it as far away as possible.
Inside the suitcase lay Katelyns lifeless body.
Lindsay was determined to erase every trace, leaving no evidence behind.
She couldnt afford any loose ends to jeopardize her next move.
Lindsay lingered in the doorway, her sharp gaze locked on the hallways surveillance camera. Her voice was low but firm as she addressed the man before her.
Youve seen the cameras, havent you? Make sure every trace is erased.
Nothing can point back to us.
The man tilted his head slightly, his tone steady and unbothered.
Dont worry, Ill handle it.
As his figure disappeared down the hall, Lindsay felt a small wave of relief wash over her.
Shutting the door behind her, she turned to the chaos inside the room.
Without wasting a moment, she knelt to scrub the blood from the floor and pick up the shards of the shattered vase.
Each movement was meticulous, driven by a deep fear of leaving any incriminating evidence.
When the space was finally spotless, Lindsay settled into the desk chair and began crafting a fabricated suicide note.
When she finished, she leaned back in the chair, her mind swirling as she tried to figure out what to do next.
But instead of a clear plan, her thoughts were a tangled mess.
Then, the image of the mysterious man flashed in her mind, sparking a surge of curiosity.
She muttered to herself, Who exactly is helping Stella? Could it be an enemy Ive overlooked? The man who had just left Lindsays apartment drove steadily, his focus fixed on the road ahead.
His mind, however, was preoccupied with the suitcase in the back.
He had been instructed to dispose of it in a secluded area.
After parking, he stepped out of the car and approached the suitcase, preparing to follow Lindsays orders to burn it.
As he reached down, a faint sound made him pause.
It was a soft, pitiful whimper followed by a gentle tapping noise coming from inside the suitcase.
His blood ran cold, and his pulse quickened.
Wait… why is there noise coming from the suitcase? Could it be… the person inside isnt dead? At the same time, in his study, Sanford sat at his desk, a pen in hand, tapping it rhythmically against the surface.
His brow furrowed as if lost in thought, piecing together something that seemed important.
Suddenly, the sharp ring of his phone shattered the quiet, and he snatched it up, glancing at the screen.
Seeing Dexters name, he swiftly answered. Dexter, whats going on? Dexters voice spilled through the line, frantic and uneasy.
Mr.
Quimby, theres a situation.
Lindsay told me to burn a suitcase.
Turns out, an injured woman is inside.
She was struck in the head with something sharp, and shes bleeding heavily, but I think shes still breathing.
Do you think we should help her? Sanford sat in silence for a brief moment, his expression unreadable Then, with firm resolve, he commanded, Make sure she survives.
He understood that Lindsay had crossed a dangerous line this time, and he needed a trump card to keep her in check.
If she ever turned on him, this leverage could save him from her mess.
Beyond that, he couldnt afford to reveal too much of his strategy-not with Stella still lingering around Matthew.
Any misstep would throw off his carefully calculated plans.
###chapter2431
Meanwhile, in the hospital room, Stella lifted a spoonful of soup to her lips, her face lighting up with delight.
The warm aroma filled the air as she smiled at Miley and said, This soup is incredible, Miley.
Youre really outdoing yourself in the kitchen.
Miley beamed, her voice soft and affectionate.
Im just glad youre enjoying it.
Anything to brighten your day a little.
The room felt lighter, as if the two of them had managed to push aside the chaos of their lives for a fleeting moment of peace.
But the tranquility didnt last.
Stellas phone vibrated on the table, breaking the mood.
Glancing at the screen, she saw Matthews name.
Miley noticed the name as well and immediately rose to her feet, gathering the dishes.
Ill take care of these.
Go ahead and take your call. Stella hesitated, her finger hovering over the phone.
She let it buzz a few more times before finally picking up.
Matthews deep voice came through the line, direct and unwavering.
Stella, where are you? Let me come and get you.
Stella exhaled quietly, her tone calm but firm as she responded, Ive fallen behind on a lot of tasks recently.
Ive decided to book a hotel room nearby for a few days.
I wont be returning to Prosper Bay for the time being.
Matthews voice tightened with disapproval.
A hotel? Thats neither practical nor safe.
No matter how late it is, Ill come and get you.
You should be home.
Her shoulders sagged slightly, weariness seeping into her voice.
Stella wasnt in the mood for a back-and-forth.
Matthew, Im drained.
I think spending some time apart will help us both clear our heads and figure things out.
Please, just give me the space I need.
The weight in her words wasnt lost on him.
Though he disliked the idea, Stellas conviction stopped him from pushing further.
After a pause, Matthew relented, saying, Fine.
But please, take care of yourself.
As the call ended, Stellas hand instinctively moved to her stomach.
Her fingers brushed lightly over the gentle curve as a heavy sigh escaped her lips.
Her gaze faltered, filled with doubt.
Am I doing the right thing by hiding my pregnancy from Matthew? What if he finds out later and gets even angrier? The next morning, after waking up, Stella instinctively reached for her phone to check for new messages.
As she scrolled through, a news headline caught her eye-it was about Lindsay reporting to the police.
Stellas heart skipped a beat.
Just as she was about to click on the article for more details, the door swung open, and Miley walked into the hospital room. With a look of surprise, Miley announced, Stella, theyve caught the person who killed Robin.
But..
shes already dead.
Stella stared at Miley in confusion.
Can you explain what happened? she asked.
Miley took a moment to collect her thoughts before replying, I just got the news from Neville.
Early this morning, Lindsay went to the police and reported that her maid had left a suicide note before taking her own life.
In the note, the maid claimed that Robin had raped her while he was drunk.
Out of despair, she hired someone to kill him.
But later, consumed by guilt and fear, she couldnt handle it anymore and ended her life.
Stella listened carefully but couldnt shake off a nagging suspicion.
Frowning, she said, This feels so off.
Something about it doesnt add up.
Miley, how did my pen end up in that maids possession? 
###chapter2432
Miley shook her head, looking confused.
Im not sure.
Neville rushed to the police station as soon as he heard the news.
Hes still there investigating.
Once he gets back, Ill ask him for more details and let you know.
Stella nodded thoughtfully, her mind racing.
After a few moments, she looked back at Miley and asked, Miley, do you really think the maid killed Robin? Caught off guard, Miley blinked in surprise.
Im not sure why youre asking this, she said hesitantly.
But based on what we know, it seems like the only plausible explanation.
Now that you mention it, do you think the maid could have been covering for someone else? Stella didnt respond directly.
Instead, she softly murmured, Lets wait and see what the results reveal. At the police station, chaos unfolded.
Matthew rushed over after receiving a frantic call from Lindsay.
Neville, upon hearing the news, also arrived in haste.
The moment Lindsay saw Matthew, she broke down, her tears streaming down her cheeks.
Sobbing uncontrollably, she cried, I woke up this morning and waited for a long time, but Katelyn never showed up.
I went to her room to check, and that was when..
I found the suicide note.
Her voice cracked as she covered her face with trembling hands, her sobs growing even more heart-wrenching.
Matthew stood silently, watching her, his expression solemn and unreadable.
The police, after carefully examining the contents of the suicide note, found no explanation for how Stellas pen ended up in Katelyns possession.
As tension thickened in the room, all eyes instinctively turned to Lindsay.
Feeling the weight of their stares, Lindsay sniffled and said with a shaky voice, Last time, I ran into Stella at the store entrance.
Her bag accidentally fell, scattering her belongings.
After Stella left, Katelyn picked up the pen.
I specifically told Katelyn to return it to Stella when we visited the Clark family residence.
The police listened to Lindsays explanation and nodded thoughtfully.
One of the officers said, Alright.
Weve already dispatched someone to search for Katelyns body.
Miss Wheeler, have you noticed any unusual behavior from Katelyn recently? Lindsay wiped her tears with trembling hands and shook her head.
No, I didnt notice anything unusual, she replied.
Her voice faltered as she continued, I had no idea there was anything between Katelyn and Robin.
If it werent for the suicide note today, I would have never suspected Katelyn of something like this. As she finished speaking, she instinctively clutched Matthews arm, her body trembling slightly.
Im so scared right now, she whispered, her voice barely audible.
Neville cleared his throat, his tone measured as he addressed the police officer.
Now that the circumstances are more transparent, can the police department issue a public statement clearing Stellas name? After hearing this, Lindsays expression momentarily faltered, her features tightening, but she quickly masked her reaction.
The officer hesitated, a slight furrow forming on his brow.
Technically, its possible.
However, without recovering the body, its difficult to close the case based solely on a suicide note.
Matthews sharp gaze lingered on the officer, his displeasure evident.
Sensing the tension, the officer hurriedly added, That said, we can release a statement outlining todays developments accurately to the public.
Once the officers departed, Neville and Matthew exchanged a brief but knowing look.
Matthew stated firmly, Ill take Lindsay home.
###chapter2433
Neville gave a small nod.
Ill head back to the office, then.
However, before they separated, they crossed paths with Leona and Betsey.
Leona and Betsey stormed up to Matthew, their faces twisted in fury.
They were adamant that Robin hadnt been killed by a maid.
Instead, they believed Matthew had staged the entire situation to clear Stellas name, finding a convenient scapegoat in the process.
Betsey, fueled by grief and outrage, cast aside her usual hesitation around Matthew.
Standing at the police stations entrance, she stepped forward, her voice loud and accusatory.
Matthew, dont think you can fool everyone! How could Robin have been killed by a maid? This is clearly your plan! Leona, not to be outdone, added her own venomous remarks. Matthews expression darkened, his fists tightening as he fought to keep his temper in check.
Neville, unable to stand the escalating tension any longer, moved between them and spoke sharply.
Enough! Stop causing a scene.
The maid left a note making it clear that Robin was the one who started it.
Even if you despise Stella, making wild accusations wont help anything.
Despite his words, Leona and Betseys anger remained unchecked.
Without warning, Leona spun toward Lindsay, her voice sharp with urgency.
Lindsay, say something! The maid was loyal to you, and Robin was your brother.
You were there; you must know the truth! Lindsays heart raced, panic rising in her chest.
Leonas words felt like a direct challenge, and Lindsay knew she had to choose her next words carefully to avoid exposing the secrets she was desperate to keep hidden.
Lindsay took a measured breath, forcing composure into her voice.
Both Robin and Katelyn deserve peace.
Theyre gone now.
Let it end here.
Continuing like this wont help anyone.
Betseys expression darkened, her fury boiling over.
She pointed an accusatory finger at Lindsay and snapped, How dare you speak like that! Robin is your brother, and hed been murdered by that vile woman.
How can you just brush it off? Have you no heart? Lindsay bit her lip, her eyes brimming with unshed tears, yet she said nothing, her silence speaking volumes of her hurt. Betsey, relentless and blind to her pain, fired another accusation.
Look at what youve become! You sacrificed your legs for Matthew, and for what? Now his wife took your brothers life, and here you are defending them! Do you even realize how pathetic youve become? Tears spilled down Lindsays cheeks as she choked out a quiet plea.
Mom, please.
calm down.
Neville, standing nearby, watched Lindsays quiet suffering, his stern exterior softening with a trace of pity for her situation.
Matthew, his patience wearing thin, interrupted the tirade with a sharp command.
Take Betsey and Leona home.
This argument is getting us nowhere.
Betsey turned her anger toward him, her voice shrill with defiance.
So thats it, Matthew? Youre going to lock us away? Afraid well expose the truth? Is silencing us your way of handling things? 
###chapter2434
Matthews gaze was icy as he challenged Betsey.
What do you consider truth? Is your version the real deal, or should I reveal what Robin was up to in Seamarsh? His eyes were calm yet piercing, seeming to cut straight through the facades.
Meeting his gaze, a chill swept through Betsey, rendering her momentarily speechless.
Undeterred, Matthew added, Betsey, if you expect a dignified funeral for Robin, Id suggest you keep your peace and refrain from causing any disturbances here.
After Matthew spoke, Neville quickly motioned to the bodyguards to escort Betsey and Leona away.
Lindsay, her face shadowed by regret, turned to Matthew and whispered.
Matthew, Im truly sorry for all this chaos.
Ill apologize to Stella after the funeral. Recalling his conversation with Stella over the phone last night, Matthews expression flickered subtly but he remained composed.
Theres no need for that.
Lets just let it be.
He then began to push Lindsays wheelchair, aiming to depart.
As they moved, he casually asked, How has your rehab been going? Lindsay, caught off guard and perhaps worried Matthew had noticed something amiss, was visibly unsettled.
She hesitated.
With the shock of Robins sudden passing and the drama with Leona and Betsey, Ive been overwhelmed, Ive completely put off my rehab.
Matthew nodded understandingly, his advice gentle.
Focus on your rehabilitation.
That should be your priority.
Ive promised to uncover the truth about Robins death, so let that worry go.
Acknowledging his assurance, Lindsay said with a note of nervousness.
Okay, Matthew, I got it.
Matthew continued, Ill arrange for another servant from the Clark family to look after you.
Gratefully, Lindsay responded without hesitation, Thanks for your help.
After escorting Lindsay to her apartment, Matthew surveyed the area briefly before asking, Do you think moving to a new place might help? Lindsay was visibly startled, her voice rising unintentionally as she blurted out, Why? Realizing her reaction was perhaps too sharp, she quickly masked it with a strained smile and said, Ive grown attached to this place.
Adjusting to a new environment would just add to my stress.
Matthew met her gaze steadily, his voice even. I was concerned that being here might stir up memories of Robin and Katelyn.
But if thats not an issue, lets just drop the subject.
Lindsay offered a forced smile and remained silent.
After Matthew departed, Lindsays unease lingered.
She meticulously scanned her apartment, ensuring nothing was out of place that could potentially unveil her hidden secrets.
Only then did she allow herself a deep breath of relief.
Matthew drove straight to the Prosperity Group headquarters.
Neville had been waiting in his office, an air of tension palpable between them.
###chapter2435
Their expressions were somber as they contemplated the murky circumstances surrounding Robins death.
Neville was the first to break the silence, his gaze intense.
Should we consider a handwriting analysis? I have serious doubts about the authenticity of Katelyns suicide note.
Matthews brow creased in thought, and after a moment, he responded, That might be tricky without any of Katelyns known samples for comparison.
A spark then seemed to ignite in his thoughts, his eyes briefly brightening.
Though, theres a chance Kari might have left some writings back at the Clark family residence.
Matthew whirled around to face Fernando with urgency in his voice.
Fernando, make your way to the Clark family home and speak to the butler.
We need to get our hands on anything handwritten by Katelyn.
With a sharp nod, Fernando sped off to execute the task.
No sooner had Matthew delivered his instructions than his phone vibrated with an incoming call from Lucia.
He picked up, and Lucias voice, laced with worry, spilled out immediately. Matthew, Ive just seen the latest police report.
Please tell me its true-Stellas name has been cleared? He assured her calmly, Yes, its true.
Stella has been exonerated.
Lucia, still unconvinced, pressed on.
I just cant see Katelyn being involved in such a grim affair.
She was too gentle, hardly the type to swat a fly, let alone step into the kitchen.
How could she possibly… Her voice faded, uncertainty hanging in the air, before she regained her composure.
Matthew, theres got to be something youre not telling me.
Whats really going on? He hesitated, and then chose his words carefully.
Theres something you should know.
Robin did horrific things to Katelyn.
Hearing this, Lucias anger surged.
That fiend! To think that I sent Katelyn to work with Lindsay, not knowing the dangers she faced from Robin! And Lindsay-how could she just stand by? Matthew Listened in silence as Lucia unleashed her fury.
As her anger ebbed, Lucias tone grew weary.
Please, Matthew, make sure Katelyns funeral is handled with care.
Ill leave the Wheeler family to your judgment.
You know how to handle these matters.
Matthew replied softly, Of course, dont worry about a thing.
Lucias thoughts then turned to Stella.
Poor Stella must be overwhelmed by all this.
How is she holding up? Im thinking of visiting her to offer some comfort.
Matthew, caught off guard and keen to keep Stellas location a secret, responded quickly, Actually, theres no need to visit right now.
Ive arranged for Stella and her friend to spend a few days at a resort.
Theyll be back soon, and Ill make sure Stella visits you afterward. Lucia responded to Matthews reassurance with relief in her voice.
Thats wonderful.
A getaway will certainly lift Stellas spirits.
The most important thing is that both you and Stella are alright.
Theres no need for you to come by just for my sake.
Matthew let out a sigh of relief as he hung up the phone, glad to have alleviated Lucias concerns.
Neville, who had been watching the exchange with a raised eyebrow.
Quizzed Matthew.
Why did you fib to your grandmother? Have things been tense between you and Stella again? Realizing his assumption might be off, Neville quickly corrected himself.
Wait, that doesnt add up.
Miley visited Stella last night.
Werent they at Prosper Bay? Matthew perked up at the mention of Miley.
Stella was with Miley last night? 
###chapter2436
Neville nodded.
Yes, Miley checked in on Stella and didnt get back until late.
She rushed out early this morning too, right after hearing about the latest update on Robins murder.
I bet she went straight to Stella.
Pausing, Neville eyed Matthew curiously.
You werent with Stella last night, then? Matthews face remained unreadable, but his silence spoke volumes.
Neville offered some reassurance.
It doesnt matter, anyway. Stella was with Miley, and she should be fine.
Then, his tone turned contemplative as his attention shifted back to Robins death.
But what about Robins death? Our initial thoughts were that it was directed at Stella.
Now, why did the mastermind push the blame onto Katelyn? Its puzzling; she was just a maid, after all.
Matthew, reminded of Lucias earlier remarks about Katelyn, furrowed his brow and mused, What if the true mastermind actually knew Katelyn? Neville quickly caught on to the hidden implications in Matthews words.
He frowned and ventured, So, you think the murderer is someone Katelyn knows? They used her to deflect suspicion by leveraging her discovery of Stellas pen? Matthew gave a silent nod, his face etched with solemnity.
Observing his somber expression, Neville probed further.
Got any suspects in mind? Instead of a direct reply, Matthew hesitated before suggesting, Neville, keep an eye on Lindsay.
The name hit Neville like a cold splash of water, his eyes widening with shock.
He quickly shook off the surprise, his face settling into a mask of resolve.
He stood up briskly, affirming, Right, Ill handle it now.
With that, he strode out of the office, his steps quick and determined.
Matthew was left alone, the weight of the recent issues pressing down on him as he sank back into his chair, a headache threading through his temples.
His thoughts wandered over the days events at the police station.
Initially, Lindsay hadnt been on his radar.
But something about her recent behavior gnawed at him. Inwardly, Matthew clung to the hope he was wrong-after all, Lindsay had once risked her life to save him.
Driven by an urgent need to see Stella, he bolted up and headed straight for her studio.
Arriving in haste, he found the place humming with the quiet focus of Doreen, who was lost in her work.
Matthew approached Doreen, his voice tinged with concern.
Is Stella around today? Looking up, Doreen answered, Mr.
Clark, Stellas taken a few days off.
Shes not here.
Matthews brows furrowed.
Why? Did she mention why she needed the time of f? 
###chapter2437
Doreen shook her head.
She didnt say.
Just took her leave.
Matthew nodded silently and left without another word.
As he walked, his mind replayed Stellas words from the day before, claiming she needed solitude and had booked a nearby hotel.
Now, discovering her absence from the studio, he realized she hadnt been entirely truthful.
Why would she lie to him? The thought nagged at him, breeding a mix of concern and curiosity.
He reflexively reached for his phone to have Fernando track Stellas location but paused, realizing how invasive that would seem.
The last thing he wanted was to push her away with mistrust. Deciding against it, he dialed Stella directly.
Her calm voice washed over him, soothing his unease slightly.
Stella, Im at your studio, but youre not here.
Could we meet? There are things about Robins case you should hear.
After a brief hesitation, Stella agreed to meet him at a café.
Seated across from her, Matthew offered a small smile.
What can I get you to drink? Stella gave a slight shake of her head and said, Just water for me.
Lets get straight to the point.
Her eyes, shadowed with fatigue and urgency, showed she had little interest in the menu.
Matthew, picking up on her mood, simply ordered a coffee for himself.
After passing the menu back to the waiter, he turned his attention to Stella, noticing how drawn she looked.
With a tone of genuine concern, he asked, You dont look well.
Are you sure youre okay? Stella brushed off his concern with a weary shake of her head.
Its nothing, I just had a rough night.
Wanting to steer clear of personal matters, she shifted the conversation back to their main concern.
Whats the latest with the pen investigation? Matthew was reluctant to conclude their conversation prematurely.
He ignored Stellas question on purpose and switched topics.
Grandma rang me up today.
I mentioned that you were with a friend at a resort.
We ought to visit the Clark family home soon to keep her from worrying. Just as Stella was about to speak, a waiter arrived with the coffee, setting it down in front of Matthew, prompting her to hold her tongue.
When the waiter had left, Matthew quickly introduced another topic.
This cafe is highly recommended by Fernando.
He claims their coffee is top-notch.
Arent you tempted to try it? He paused, as if recalling something, and then asked, Before my memory issues, did we use to frequent cafes like this? Were there any particular places you favored? Observing Matthew, who looked both recognizable and unfamiliar, Stella felt a surge of mixed emotions.
At that moment, however, her primary concern was uncovering the truth about Robins death.
Therefore, she said, Matthew, the purpose of our meeting was to discuss Robin.
If youre not ready to talk, please dont waste my time.
Ill just go directly to the police.
###chapter2438
Realizing that Stella was serious, Matthew acknowledged that he could no longer avoid the topic.
He sighed softly and proceeded to detail everything about the Robin situation, covering their suspicions and the ongoing investigation.
After hearing him out, Stella furrowed her brows, lost in thought for a moment before responding, Katelyn didnt stand out in my memory.
She was merely Lindsays maid, and thats about all I recall.
A look of confusion crossed her face as she tried to piece together her memories of Katelyn, searching for any link to the current mystery.
Her confusion grew as she pondered aloud, saying, I dont remember ever having issues with Katelyn.
What could drive her to fabricate such a complex scheme against me? Everything, from Robins sudden appearance to the car accident, unfolded so unexpectedly.
How could Katelyn have crafted such a detailed scheme? Furthermore, what could possibly have persuaded Robin to visit that car dealership? While reflecting on the situation, Stella grew increasingly convinced that something wasnt right.
The idea that Katelyn had been wrongly accused nagged at her.
With that thought, she raised her eyes to meet Matthews directly.
She asked clearly, Matthew, did you pin the blame on Katelyn to clear my name? Was all this orchestrated by you? Upon voicing her suspicion, Stellas feelings surged. She said emphatically, I dont want this.
Katelyn is innocent and shouldnt have to endure such unfair treatment on my account! Matthew saw how upset she was and responded by touching her shoulder soothingly, trying to reassure her.
Stella, calm down.
I promise you, I had no hand in this.
After all this time, you must know what kind of person I am.
How could you think Id do such a thing? Stellas temper cooled somewhat with Matthews words.
She inhaled deeply, and then asked, But doesnt this whole situation seem odd? How can the police so quickly assume it was Katelyn at fault? Matthew saw the concern on Stellas face and felt a twinge of empathy.
He didnt want her fretting over these accusations, so he said, Stella, trust the police investigation.
They must have valid reasons.
Try not to dwell on it.
Since its been settled, we should look ahead.
Stella found Matthews reply unsatisfactory.
His demeanor seemed increasingly peculiar.
Was he possibly shielding someone? Was that why he was discouraging her from probing further? These thoughts only deepened Stellas unease.
Disinclined to continue their conversation, she rose from her seat, ready to depart.
Matthew quickly reached out to grab Stellas hand, his tone filled with concern as he asked, Stella, where are you going? Yesterday, you said you were too busy with work and stayed at a hotel.
But today, Doreen mentioned that you took a few days off.
Are you keeping something from me? Stella felt a wave of unease under Matthews scrutinizing gaze.
She pulled her hand away sharply and retorted, Where I go is none of your business.
I simply dont want to see you.
As the head of the studio, dont I even have the right to take a leave? Her voice rose slightly, as though masking her inner turmoil with a stern exterior.
Seeing her anger, Matthew hurriedly clarified, Stella, thats not what I meant.
Im just worried about you.
But Stella, determined to keep him from discovering her secret, cut him off. Do you even realize what Ive been through lately? Its been one thing after another-Im completely drained, both physically and mentally.
I just need some proper rest.
Cant you give me some space? Matthew stared at her fiery expression, and a pang of sadness struck him.
For the first time, he began to understand how Stella must have felt when he had acted unreasonably after losing his memory.
He paused for a moment, and then softened his voice.
Stella, I get it -you need space.
But you should come back to Prosper Bay tonight.
Its not safe to stay out.
If my presence there makes you uncomfortable, I can stay somewhere else for a few days.
His tone was quiet, tinged with resignation, and his eyes reflected a hint of compromise.
Matthews repeated concessions left Stella feeling slightly uneasy about continuing her outburst.
###chapter2439
Her tone softened a fraction.
Its fine.
In a few days, Ill be accompanying my mom back to Dorburn to finalize the delayed property transfer.
I also plan to attend an international exhibition there for some insights.
Matthew immediately responded, Then Ill go with you.
Stella shot him down without hesitation, her gaze steady as she asked, If you come with me and something unexpected happens to Lindsay, wouldnt you have to fly back overnight to take care of her? Matthew was left speechless by Stellas question.
He couldnt deny the truth-leaving Seamarsh wasnt an option, not while Lindsay still needed his care.
# Seeing him fall silent, Stella felt a lump form in her throat.
She met his gaze, her voice soft yet resolute.
Now, can you let me go? Reluctantly, Matthew loosened his grip and watched as Stella turned and walked away, her retreating figure tugging at his heart. Outside the café, Stella spotted Mileys car parked by the roadside.
Without hesitation, she opened the door and slid into the passenger seat.
Miley took one look at Stellas pale face and felt a surge of anger.
Did Matthew upset you again? Stella noticed Mileys fiery expression, as though she was ready to march into the café and confront Matthew herself.
She quickly placed a calming hand on Mileys shoulder.
Miley, dont be impulsive.
Im just feeling a little unwell-its nothing serious.
Lets go.
With a reluctant nod, Miley started the car.
During the drive, she kept stealing concerned glances at Stella, relaxing only when she noticed some color returning to her friends cheeks.
Finally, after a brief silence, Miley spoke cautiously.
Stella, what did you and Matthew talk about in there? Stella let out a soft sigh, her tone heavy with unease.
Without holding anything back, she recounted her conversation with Matthew in vivid detail.
I cant shake off how bizarre this whole situation feels, she admitted, her brows furrowed in thought.
Katelyn was just an ordinary maid.
I cant believe shed have the audacity to hire someone to kill Robin and then choose to commit suicide.
It all sounds so implausible.
Miley nodded in agreement, Stellas reasoning striking a chord.
You might be right, she said thoughtfully.
Its possible Katelyn was just a scapegoatmanipulated by someone else and forced into the role of executioner by sheer misfortune. Her voice softened as she added, almost to herself, And then theres the fact that both these deaths are somehow tied to Lindsay.
Honestly, is that woman cursed or something? Why does everyone close to her seem to meet a terrible end? Thankfully, you distanced yourself from her when you did.
Otherwise… She shuddered.
It couldve been disastrous for you too.
Mileys words struck a nerve, sparking a sudden memory in Stellas mind.
She froze for a moment as the thought crystallized.
The day Katelyn had found the pen… Lindsay had been there too.
As this thought crossed her mind, Stella was startled by her own inference.
She murmured softly to herself, Could someone really disregard blood ties? Though her voice was barely above a whisper, it carried clearly in the stillness of the car.
But Miley was distracted and didnt catch Stellas words.
She asked curiously, Stella, what did you just say? 
###chapter2440
Stella blinked, snapping back to reality.
With a quick shake of her head, she replied, Oh, nothingjust a random thought.
Without further explanation, she pulled out her phone and typed a message to Dexter.
Help me find out who Lindsay has been in contact with lately.
After sending the text, Stella leaned back in her seat, closed her eyes, and sank into deep thought.
Meanwhile, Dexter was with Doreen.
Doreen had invited him out to return the money she owed.
With a grateful expression, she said, Dexter, Im truly thankful for your help last time.
If it hadnt been for you, I wouldnt have known what to do. Id like to treat you to a meal to show my gratitude.
Dexter shook his head slightly and replied, Sorry, Ive got some things to take care of.
I probably wont have the time.
At his refusal, a fleeting look of disappointment crossed Doreens face.
She knew deep down that their lives were worlds apart, and she wasnt a good match for him.
Masking her emotions, she forced a smile and said, Alright then, lets have a meal together some other time.
Dexter neither agreed nor declined outright.
With a faint nod, he said, Ill be heading off now.
With that, he turned and walked away.
Doreen watched Dexters retreating figure, her heart heavy with inner turmoil.
As he was about to get into his car, she couldnt stop herself from calling out, Dexter! Dexter paused mid-step and turned around, his expression puzzled as he looked at her.
Taking a deep breath, Doreen quickly walked up to him, summoning all her courage.
Her voice trembled slightly, but her words were firm.
Dexter, I wasnt planning to say this, but I know you dont feel the same way about me.
Still, I dont want to look back and regret staying silent.
So Ive decided to speak up.
I like you-Ive liked you for a long time.
Dexter had always been aware of her feelings, but her blunt honesty took him by surprise.
For a moment, he was overwhelmed by a storm of emotions, unsure how to respond.
The silence that followed felt endless. Despite bracing herself for this, Doreen couldnt help the faint sting of sadness that crept into her chest.
Determined not to let the moment become overly awkward, she mustered a calm smile and said softly, Dont feel burdened.
From now on, lets focus on how we can work better together for Stella.
With that, she took a few steps back, her composure unwavering, and added, Drive safely, Dexter.
Ill head back now.
Dexter watched as she turned and walked away, her figure growing smaller with each step.
A strange, indescribable feeling washed over him, one he couldnt quite name.
As Doreen was about to disappear from his sight, he suddenly called out, Doreen, let me drive you back.
Hearing Dexters offer, Doreen quickly declined with a small shake of her head.
###chapter2441
She took a moment to steady her emotions, and then spoke in a light, casual tone.
Theres no need.
Its close to the studio, and theres a dessert shop I like on the way.
I might as well stop by for some cake.
Besides, after being rejected just now, sharing a car ride with you would be… a bit uncomfortable.
Dexter stood frozen, at a loss for words.
He had never been good at expressing himself, especially around women.
Comforting someone in such a delicate moment was even harder.
Every reassuring phrase that came to mind seemed to lodge itself in his throat, refusing to come out.
After what felt like an eternity of silence, he finally managed to say, his voice low but sincere, Thank you. You deserve someone better.
Hearing Dexters words, Doreen felt a lump rise in her throat, her eyes brimming with unshed tears.
She tried to hold them back, forced a faint wave at Dexter, and said, Ill be off then.
Goodbye.
With that, she turned quickly and hurried away.
The moment she turned, the dam broke.
Tears streamed down her face uncontrollably.
She struggled to stifle her sobs, walking briskly to a corner where she was certain Dexter couldnt see her.
Finally, safe from his gaze, she allowed herself to cry freely.
After what felt like an eternity, her phone chimed with a message.
Pulling it out, her eyes landed on a text froma contact labeled Five Million.
Her hands trembled involuntarily as she opened the message.
It was brief but commanding, urging her to continue with her assigned tasks.
A surge of anger welled up within her.
Without hesitation, she dialed the number, determined to confront the sender.
The call connected for a fleeting moment but was abruptly cut off.
Almost immediately, another message arrived, as though the sender had anticipated her reaction.
From the moment you agreed, theres no turning back.
I decide when this deal ends.
Doreen stared at the screen, her despair swallowing her whole.
Doreens confession barely registered on Dexters radar-a fleeting moment, quickly overshadowed by his work. Without delay, he shifted his focus back to business and contacted Sanford to update him on Stellas intention of investigating Lindsay.
On the other end of the line, Sanford paused, his voice laced with deliberation.
Tell Stella what she needs to know, but keep the rest under wraps for now.
We cant afford to let her piece everything together just yet.
Dexter agreed without hesitation, and the call ended.
Sanford leaned back in his chair, his brows furrowed in deep contemplation.
For the first time, cracks appeared in the confidence he had in his meticulously crafted plan.
He couldnt ignore the nagging realization that many events had veered far off course, straying from his original intentions.
The tangled web hed spun was becoming increasingly difficult to manage, slipping further out of his control.
With a frustrated sigh, he rubbed his temples, a wave of melancholy washing over him.
###chapter2442
Later that evening, while meticulously investigating Lindsays recent actions, Dexter unearthed a revelation that left him shaken to his core.
He discovered a connection between Lindsay and Doreen-a link he had never anticipated.
After Lindsay had confessed that she had hired mercenaries to kill Robin and frame Stella, Dexter had helped to clean up some of the mess.
But now, as he retraced every step, another disturbing detail emerged.
During his renewed investigation, Dexter discovered that the number Lindsay had used to contact the mercenaries had also been in touch with Doreen.
The implications were staggering, and the weight of the discovery forced him into a long, silent contemplation.
While Dexter grappled with this newfound information, Stellas phone wouldnt stop ringing.
Calls flooded in from members of the Lowell family, the Clark family, and even Alissa and Clint, all eager to take her out for a celebratory evening.
Yet Stella, still emotionally drained from everything that had transpired, declined every invitation. In a private conversation with Bella, Stella shared her plans to attend a fashion event in Dorburn.
Bella, clearly thrilled, exclaimed, Thats a brilliant idea! Weve both been through so much-we deserve a chance to relax.
Then, as if struck by inspiration, Bella added with growing excitement, You know what? I think some of my memories are starting to come back! Stella grew excited when she heard Bella say that her memory had partially returned.
Really? What have you remembered? she asked excitedly.
Bella chuckled at her visible excitement and then began recounting the warm moments she remembered, like the one of her sunbathing in the garden with little Stella or when they had been crafting together.
However, when Stella mentioned the car accident, Bellas tone turned somber.
I still dont remember anything about the accident.
She paused, and then continued, After the accident, I ended up marrying Kristian and even had a daughter.
I never thought she would almost cause my death.
The thought of it makes me feel more guilty toward you and your biological father.
Stellas heart ached at this.
Reassuringly, she said, Dont think like that.
It was all Kristians doing.
Even Dad would understand if he were alive.
Im sure you would never have married a man like Kristian if you still had your memory.
He took advantage of you.
Bella sighed softly and said, I feel so sorry.
Your father was a gentleman who loved me dearly, yet I forgot him because of my amnesia. Bellas words caused Stella to picture Matthew in her mind.
She wondered if Matthew would feel as guilty as her mother if he regained his memory and realized how he had treated her during this time.
He probably would.
After her call with Bella, Stella tossed and turned on the bed, unable to fall asleep.
Bellas own words and her memories of Matthew kept her unable to sleep.
She didnt know how long it took before she finally fell asleep.
When she slept, she dreamt.
In the dream she could see she was pregnant.
She asked Matthew, who was by her side, with a smile if he would like a boy or a girl.
###chapter2443
Suddenly, it felt like she was about to give birth.
Matthew repeatedly reassured her that he would love whatever gender she would give birth to as long as the baby was hers.
Then she felt the baby come.
However, before she could catch her breath, the nurse said, Theres another one.
Stella jolted awake from her sleep, drenched in sweat.
Instinctively, she reached for her stomach.
The memory of the labor pain she had felt in the dream was so vivid.
When she calmed down, her mind went to Matthew. She fumed when she thought about how Matthew, now with amnesia, had left her with such a mess and to endure the pain of childbirth, The more she thought about it, the angrier she got.
She grabbed her phone and sent him a text.
Youre such a jerk! Matthew was at the breakfast table when he received Stellas message.
Frowning, he muttered to himself, What did I do to upset her now? He glanced at the time on his phone and wondered if she had gotten up on the wrong side of the bed.
Matthew typed, deleted, and then retyped.
The final text was, Yes, I am a jerk.
Stella received Matthews response.
She had already calmed down.
However, it was now too late to retract the message she sent.
She, however, hadnt expected Matthew to give that response.
It seemed like he was trying to accommodate her.
This lifted her mood, and she smiled as she lay on her bed.
She put down her phone feeling as though a weight had been lifted from her shoulder.
Meanwhile, Sanford was called back by Declan to have breakfast together.
He instinctively knew that Declan had something important to discuss.
Throughout the meal, Declan remained silent, and Sanford refrained from asking any questions.
Instead, he ate his breakfast quietly, waiting for Declan to speak.
It wasnt until they finished eating that Declan finally broke the silence. He looked at Sanford and said, Ive organized a fashion event in Dorburn, inviting renowned designers from various countries, including Stella.
Sanfords expression remained neutral, but his grip on the fork tightened unconsciously.
He understood that Declan had orchestrated this with a specific purpose in mind.
Sitting across from him, Declan discreetly observed Sanfords reaction before speaking slowly.
Ive laid the groundwork.
I hope you wont disappoint me.
His voice was deep and commanding, carrying a tone of authority that left no room for argument.
Sanford gave a slight nod without uttering a word.
###chapter2444
Declan stood up slowly, reached out, and patted Sanfords shoulder.
His gaze carried a look full of unspoken implications.
Sanford, rest assured-Matthew will not appear in Dorburn.
No one will stop you from accomplishing what you need to do there.
With a faint but resolute tone, he added, Now, its up to you to decide what comes next.
Declan withdrew his hand and turned to leave the dining room, Sanford remained seated, watching until Declan was completely out of sight.
Only then did his expression shift slightly.
Conflicted, he found himself torn between two choices, the weight of the decision pressing heavily on his mind.
On one hand, Sanford contemplated whether he should find a way to persuade Stella to cancel her trip to Dorburn, potentially avoiding unforeseen trouble.
On the other hand, he wondered if this might be the perfect opportunity to resolve everything once and for all, ensuring Declan would no longer interfere with Stellas life. Torn between the two choices, Sanford found his fingers dialing Stellas number almost without realizing it.
The moment the call connected and he heard Stellas familiar voice, he snapped back to reality.
Sanford, whats up? Stella asked, her tone laced with a hint of puzzlement.
Sanford steadied himself, forcing his voice to sound natural as he replied, I heard youre planning to attend the international fashion event in Dorburn.
Is that true? Yes, its true, Stella confirmed.
My mom and I are planning to go.
For a brief moment, Sanford found himself at a loss for words.
Sensing his hesitation, Stella asked, Why? Are you also going to the event? Sanford quickly replied, Yes, Ill be attending as the director of Sanz Group.
How about this? Lets travel together.
Ill book the tickets, and we can look out for each other along the way.
Stella politely declined, her tone gentle yet firm.
Thats kind of you, but Id prefer to go with my mom.
We have some other matters to attend to, and it might not be convenient to travel with you.
Hearing Stellas refusal, Sanford pressed further, reminding her of his connection to her father.
You know, I owed your father a lot.
If we travel together, we can look out for each other, and your father would be happy about this.
Stella hesitated briefly, her thoughts wavering, before finally conceding.
Alright then, lets travel together.
After ending the call, Sanford exhaled deeply, as though hed accomplished something significant.
Yet, the slight furrow in his brows betrayed his lingering worry about the upcoming trip to Dorburn. Three days later, Stella, Bella, and Sanford were off to Dorburn as planned.
Their last visit to Dorburn had been a bit of a saga, leaving Stella and Bella tense as they stepped onto the plane.
No sooner had the plane climbed into the sky than a sharp jolt of turbulence caught Stella unawares, sending waves of nausea crashing over her.
Noticing her discomfort, Bella leaned in, eyes filled with concern.
Stella, are you alright? You dont look so good.
Sanford looked on, his face etched with worry.
Stella attempted a reassuring smile, brushing off the concern with a light wave.
Im alright, just got rattled by that bump.
Ill shake it off in no time.
###chapter2445
However, as soon as the flight smoothed out, Stella bolted for the restroom.
Behind the locked door, she battled a relentless bout of vomiting that didnt stop until she felt utterly empty.
Drained, she leaned heavily against the wall, gathering her strength to shuffle back to her seat.
Seeing her struggle back, Sanford quickly got a flight attendants attention and asked for a glass of water, offering it to Stella with a gentle, Here, try some water.
Bella chimed in, her voice laced with concern, Why dont we swing by a hospital in Dorburn, just to play it safe? Stella managed a weak shake of her head.
Really, its just a stomach bug.
Nothing to fuss over.
Bella nodded, relieved to see Stellas color slowly returning.
Throughout the flight, Sanfords mind seemed elsewhere, visibly tense about what awaited them in Dorburn. Once they landed, Dorburn welcomed them with its unique allure.
The streets were a tapestry of architectural stylesfrom stately, intricately designed towers to charming, small-scale homes.
The vibrant chatter of locals in colorful attire added a lively buzz to the atmosphere, enriching the air with the scent of exotic spices.
As they exited the airport, a sleek, luxurious car was ready at the curb, arranged by Sanford to whisk them away into the heart of this picturesque city.
As they approached the sleek limousine, Stella couldnt help but be impressed once again by Sanfords meticulous planning.
Just then, Bellas friend arrived to pick them up.
Whitney Loftus, a chic and fashionable woman about Bellas age, greeted them with a warm smile.
Im really sorry, Mr.
Quimby, Whitney said to Sanford, her tone genuine.
Its been ages since Ive caught up with my friend, so we wont need the limo.
Thanks for setting it up though.
Bella and Stella echoed Whitneys apologies before joining her, leaving Sanford by the arranged car.
Once they were settled in Whitneys car, with Whitney in the drivers seat, she couldnt resist her curiosity about Sanford.
So, who is Sanford, exactly? Stella explained as they pulled away, Hes the design director of Sanz Group.
Weve got some special ties; hes also a friend.
Whitneys brow crinkled slightly.
He seems familiar somehow.
Cant place where I mightve seen him.
Stella waved off the puzzlement with a casual guess.
Maybe at some event? Sanz Groups always throwing fashion shows around the globe. Easy to spot a face and forget the place, you know? Whitney let the topic slide without further ado.
Turning back to Stella with a bright smile, Whitney complimented her.
Stella, youre truly stunning.
I was really looking forward to meeting you.
Last time was such a missed chance.
Their conversation flowed effortlessly, weaving through various topics until they circled back to Kristian.
Whitneys expression soured with indignation.
I never saw it coming from Kristian; he seemed above such malice.
And Elizabeth, whom Ive watched grow from a toddler? I cant wrap my head around her scheming to murder her own mother.
###chapter2446
Bella, overhearing the names Kristian and Elizabeth, blanched, her face twisting with discomfort.
Quick to notice Bellas unease, Stella steered the conversation toward safer waters.
Whitney, any idea whos behind this international fashion event? Im not quite sure, Whitney replied, her brow furrowing.
But rumor has it that the Charles family from Lyllmann might be pulling the strings.
Curiosity piqued, Stella leaned in.
That family has clout? Whitney nodded, her eyes widening.
Oh, more than clouttheyre an enigma.
Barely anything on them in the public eye, yet they manage to corral designers from across the globe.
Theyre not just influential; theyre power brokers.
Stella mulled over this, impressed by the scale of the event.
It did show the power of the people behind this event. The car meandered through the gates of a sprawling estate.
Whitney, glancing at her travel-weary companions, suggested, Why dont you both catch some rest? Later, Ill show you around so you can get your bearings.
Once in her room, Stella perched on the beds edge, pondering whether to check on Sanford.
She reached for her phone and was interrupted by a message from Matthew.
Settling in alright in Dorburn? he had typed out, concern lacing his words.
As Stella contemplated her response, her phone burst into life-it was Matthew, calling to hear her voice.
Stella picked up the call and was met by Matthews gentle voice, an unexpected comfort.
I figured you might have made it to Dorburn by now.
I was a bit concerned about how youd take to it there.
It had been ages since Matthew had used such a tender tone with her, leaving Stella momentarily dazed.
Almost instinctively, she replied softly, Everything is running smoothly, and Im settling in just fine.
On the other end, Matthew let out a relieved sigh.
Thats great to hear.
By the way, I wanted to update you on my day here.
Robins funeral concluded without too much drama.
Leona and Betsey tried to kick up a fuss, but it fizzled out quickly.
Ill be sending them back to Osemery in a few days.
You shouldnt have any more disruptions.
Stella offered a noncommittal hum in response, her mind distant from the Wheeler family drama.
Her thoughts lingered on Katelyn, whose whereabouts remained a mystery.
A faint rustle came through from Matthews side, suggesting he might still be at the funeral.
Im quite tired and need some rest now, she said, hinting at a goodbye. Of course, get some rest, Matthew replied, always pragmatic.
Call me if you need anything, he added before ending the call promptly.
As Matthew stepped out into the corridor, he was intercepted by a flustered Fernando.
With a troubled look, Fernando blurted out, Mr.
Clark, theres been an incident-Betsey just attacked Lindsay.
Matthew and Fernando hurried to the scene, only to be met with utter disarray.
Lindsay was sprawled on the ground, her wheelchair overturned, trapping her legs beneath its weight.
Leona had succumbed to her grief and was being whisked away to the hospital, while Betsey, her face twisted in anger, was lashing out at Lindsay, her curses slicing through the air.
Lindsay, vulnerable and defenseless, tried to shield her head from the blows.
Betsey, with eyes blazing and devoid of reason, was relentless, her foot aimed at Lindsay.
At that crucial moment, Fernando intervened, pushing Betsey back with determination.
###chapter2447
Matthew wasted no time in lifting Lindsay off the ground and securely placing her back in her wheelchair.
As she clutched Matthews arm, Lindsays voice trembled.
Matthew, please, no harm to my mother.
Shes not herself right now, drowned in sorrow.
I hold no grudge against her.
Matthews response was a silent, penetrating stare, his brows knitted together as he took in the scene.
Even after Fernandos intervention, Betseys fury did not wane.
She glared venomously at Lindsay and screamed.
You whore! Her anger boiled over as she faced Matthew, shouting.
Do you see the monster Lindsay has become? Shes the reason Robin is dead! Lindsays denial was swift, her words intermingled with sobs.
Mom, stop this madness! I know you loved Robin more, and I was always in the shadows. But Ive accepted that.
Robins passing hurts me too, and lashing out wont bring him back.
Think about yourself; dont add to his sorrow wherever he is.
Betseys reaction was a chilling laugh that reverberated through the empty funeral hall, leaving a lingering sense of dread.
Betsey exploded at Lindsay, her voice seething with fury.
Dont you dare say Robins name! A heartless beast like you has no right! How did I ever give birth to such a monster? I should have strangled you when you were born! Watching Betseys wild descent into madness, Matthew turned to Fernando with an icy tone.
Take her away.
Shes completely lost it.
If shes this unstable, get her into Seamarshs top psychiatric facility.
Fernando had his hands full trying to lead Betsey away as she alternated between cursing Lindsay and letting out chilling laughs and sobs.
Lindsay watched Betsey being led away, a slight smile curling her lips.
A dark satisfaction filled her as she remembered whispering the grim truth about Robins death to Betsey in a fleeting, unseen moment.
2 As she predicted, the shock was too much for Betsey, who unraveled on the spot.
Lindsay relished a surge of vengeful joy, recalling her lonely childhood cast aside by Betsey, growing up in the Clark family while Robin had it all.
In that moment, she felt a twisted sense of justice-those who had scorned her all her life were now paying the price.
She was certain that soon, shed be standing beside Matthew as his wife.
Once Betsey vanished from view, Lindsay swiftly regained her composure, feigning tears.
Matthew, I just dont get it.
Robin and I are both her children.
Why does she always favor him? She even accuses me of his murder.
Matthew stood beside her, his gaze sharp and questioning, silent in his response.
He was skeptical of Lindsays tale, piecing together recent events, suspecting she was concealing the truth. Feeling the weight of his silence, Lindsay felt a flicker of worry.
She reached out, gently grasping Matthews hand, her voice tinged with caution.
Matthew, do you believe what my mother said? Matthew didnt answer her question.
Instead, he asked, Were you injured just now? Are your legs okay? Lindsay shook her head, a fleeting hint of unease flickering in her eyes.
She replied, I cant feel my legs, Matthew.
Dont you remember? As she spoke, she knocked on her own leg in frustration and added self -reproachfully, Its my legs that caused all this trouble! If not for them, Robin wouldnt have come to Seamarsh, met Stella, or run into Katelyn.
He wouldnt have died.
Its all my fault.
Matthew watched Lindsays dramatic outburst, his suspicions quietly deepening.
Yet, his expression remained neutral as he said, Ronan is already considering new treatment options.
Dont give up on yourself.
###chapter2448
As he spoke, he observed her intently, studying her face for any sign of inconsistency.
Lindsay, seemingly oblivious to his silent scrutiny, looked up with a spark of hope glistening in her eyes.
She seized the moment and softly suggested, Matthew, could you take me to Dorburn? Matthews eyes narrowed ever so slightly, his demeanor composed yet unreadable.
Why do you want to go to Dorburn? he asked, his tone quiet but laced with unmistakable authority.
Lindsay, prepared for the question, showed no hint of hesitation.
Lifting her gaze to meet his, she replied deliberately, Since I found out you were planning to go to Dorburn, I reached out to a renowned neurologist there through Ronan.
I believe this could be a real opportunity for my legs to recover.
Thats why I wanted to ask you to take me there.
Matthew listened intently, his expression steady as he processed her words.
After a brief pause, he nodded. Alright.
I had plans to consult with this doctor anyway and intended to discuss it with you.
Since youve already made arrangements, we can leave together.
The moment his agreement registered, a radiant smile spread across Lindsays face.
Though her cheeks were streaked with tears, a soft laugh escaped her Lips as she exclaimed, Dont worry, I wont give up on myself.
Ill do everything I can to cooperate with the treatment and work toward recovering soon.
Matthew responded with a faint nod before silently guiding Lindsays wheelchair and escorting her back.
After returning Lindsay to her residence, he headed straight back to the company, his mind preoccupied.
Not long after Matthew settled into his office, Fernando hurried in with an urgent report.
Mr.
Clark, Betsey has indeed become mentally unstable.
The current examination results suggest her condition is caused by a combination of medication and external stimuli, he informed.
Matthew furrowed his brows, the weight of the news evident on his face.
Has Betsey always had health issues? Why didnt we notice this earlier? Fernando shook his head and explained, We couldnt locate Betseys medical records, Besides being with Leona and the people we assigned to monitor her, she hasnt interacted with anyone else.
However, she keeps insisting that Lindsay killed Robin, Ive already sent someone to look into it.
Matthew nodded thoughtfully before asking, Any updates from Neville? Not yet, Fernando replied.
Matthew paused for a moment, deep in thought, before turning to Fernando with firm instructions.
There are certain matters we need to be especially cautious about during this trip to Dorburn.
With the Charles family involved in the international exhibition, we cant be certain whether their target is Stella or not.
We must remain vigilant and ensure her safety.
Fernando nodded solemnly, his expression reflecting the gravity of the situation. He was about to leave when Matthew added, Lindsay will also be in Dorburn, Assign someone to shadow her and keep a close watch on her every move.
Fernandos eyes flickered with surprise at the unexpected directive, but he quickly masked his reaction and gave a curt nod.
Without another word, he turned and left the office.
The international fashion event would open in two days.
Whitney, brimming with excitement, eagerly escorted Stella and Bella through the vibrant streets of Dorburn.
Bella, however, struggled to share the enthusiasm.
The sights and sounds of Dorburn evoked vivid memories of Kristian and Elizabeth, stirring a melancholy that dulled her senses and sapped the joy from their explorations.
Stella, burdened by the early stages of pregnancy, also found herself out of sorts, the discomforts of her condition magnifying the strain of their daily excursions.
Once Bellas property transfer issues were settled, Stella decided to retreat to the quiet of the estate, seeking solace in the calm as she awaited the fashion event.
Her days were spent adjusting to the new rhythms of her body, her thoughts often wandering to the upcoming events.
###chapter2449
Sanfords absence puzzled her.
Since they departed from the airport separately, he had plunged into a flurry of obligations, leaving Stella to wonder about his sudden busyness.
Though she and Bella had intended to show him around Dorburn, Sanford had politely refused, his commitments leaving no room for leisure.
Respecting his circumstances, Stella let the matter rest.
Meanwhile, Sanford found himself in a grim standoff in an apartment across town.
He faced Kinsey Marshall, a hypnotist sent by Declan with a chilling agenda.
The plan was stark-use hypnosis on Stella and Bella to extract the location of the hidden treasure map.
The method was invasive and fraught with danger, risking harm to both women.
Sanford was adamant in his refusal.
This is madness. We cant risk hurting them-its too dangerous.
Kinsey was unmoved.
Declans not looking for your consent.
Hes given a directive.
Theres a setup on the second floor of the fashion events venue; your job is to get them there.
If things go south, Stella and Bella might never see Seamarsh again.
After dropping his bombshell, Kinsey exited swiftly, leaving a tense silence in his wake.
The door clicked shut, and Sanfords frustration erupted.
With a swift motion, he sent a cup flying across the room, its crash echoing his mounting rage.
As dusk fell, the night sky unfurled like a vast sheet of black velvet, blanketing the city in darkness.
Streetlights flickered to life, casting a sparkling glow that transformed the urban landscape into a shimmering tableau.
At precisely eight oclock, a sleek Lincoln eased to a stop in front of the exhibition hall.
The doors swung open, and Stella, Bella, and Sanford emerged, their presence lending elegance to the evening as they made their way toward the red carpet, ready to immerse themselves in a world where fashion and art collided spectacularly.
Just then, the quiet hum of an engine announced the arrival of a luxurious Rolls-Royce, which gracefully parked alongside them.
Stella looked up, her expression shifting to one of surprise as Bennett stepped out of the car.
As he drew near, Stella couldnt hide her curiosity.
Why are you here? Bennett, his smile tinged with warmth, responded, I just wrapped up some work.
I wasnt around when you were in trouble, and Ive been concerned about you.
So, I thought Id come and see how youre doing.
Unbeknownst to them, it was actually Matthew who had insisted Bennett attend, concerned about the ties between the fashion event and the Charles family and anxious for Stellas safety. Sanford, caught off guard by Bennetts unexpected arrival, masked his surprise with the practiced ease of a seasoned businessman.
He exchanged a playful remark with Bennett.
Keeping secrets now, are we? Youve really got us all on our toes.
With pleasantries exchanged, they readied themselves to step inside the grandeur of the invitation-only event.
Stella, Bella, and Sanford each had their coveted invitations in hand, while Bennett, having decided to attend last-minute, was without one.
Stella was the first to extend her invitation toward an attendant.
In a surprising twist, a hand suddenly reached out and snatched it away.
Before everyones eyes, a woman mercilessly ripped the invitation into pieces, which drifted down like falling snow and landed all over Stella.
The attendant, caught off guard at first, soon recognized the woman and respectfully called out, Miss Pamela Archer.
###chapter2450
Pamela, the youngest daughter of a rich businessman from Lyllmann, had known Sanford since childhood and had a secret crush for him, She loved him so much that she underwent cosmetic surgery for him.
Then, during her time studying overseas, she became good friends with Lindsay.
Pamelas eyes were filled with enmity as she said coldly, I question the authenticity of your invitation.
Stella knitted her brows, convinced she had never met this woman before and unsure who she was.
But, the attendants respectful manner made it clear that this woman held significant status.
Stella instinctively looked to Bella for understanding, but Bella merely shook her head.
She was equally confused and unfamiliar with the woman as well.
Seeing Stella being treated unfairly, Bennett stepped up without a second thought and positioned himself between Stella and Pamela. In a stern and just voice, he said, How can you be so rude? Apologize to Stella right now! When Pamela heard Bennetts demand, she responded with a haughty sniff and dismissively asked, Do you even know who I am? How dare you ask me to apologize? She looked at Stella with disgust and added, Ive heard Leonard has been lingering in Seamarsh because of a woman.
Lindsay told me this Stella Anderson is no good, a married woman who seduces other men.
Stellas temper ignited at these accusations.
She snapped back sharply, I dont know what youre talking about.
If you cant explain yourself, Id say youre the one raised in the barn, without any manners! Pamelas complexion turned a deep red as her rage boiled over at Stellas retort.
She turned toward Sanford, flipped her hair casually, and shot him a flirty look.
Leonard, its been a while.
Both Stella and Bennett exchanged confused glances, puzzled by the name.
Sanford remained composed and corrected her.
Youre mistaking me for someone else.
He then said to the attendant, Tonights guests are leading figures in the design industry.
It is inappropriate to have such an irrational person at this prestigious event.
If this situation is beyond your control, Im willing to intervene.
Panic washed over Pamela.
After all the changes she had undergone to face Sanford, she had just finally gathered the courage to stand before him, so his dismissive attitude was a harsh blow.
Pamela protested, Im not wrong! Dont you remember? I was at your seventh birthday, and you… However, Sanford interrupted her before she could continue, already told you, youve mistaken me for someone else. Sanfords expression was cold and firm, and his presence commanded silence.
Pamela tried to press on, but the coldness in his eyes made her shiver.
She hesitated and swallowed her next words.
Frustrated, she shot Stella a menacing look and warned her, Just wait, Ill show you Im right! Just then, a clear, pleasant female voice intervened to ease the tension.
Pamela, why didnt you wait for me? Stella turned toward the voice.
Her expression tightened slightly when she saw Lindsay approaching in her wheelchair.
Stella glanced around instinctively but didnt see Matthew.
It left her with an odd feeling.
Was Lindsay here by herself? 
###chapter2451
Lindsay looked at Stella, who appeared radiant and seemingly untouchable.
Lindsays jealousy flared, consuming her from within.
Just then, Pamela stepped forward and grasped Lindsays hand.
This woman is as disgraceful and low as you described her, she said loudly.
Her bold declaration laid bare Lindsays actions of maligning Stella behind her back.
A wave of anger surged through Lindsay, and she struggled to resist the urge to shove Pamela aside.
Stella chuckled mockingly upon hearing Pamelas words.
Lindsay, you really have poor judgment in choosing friends, she said. Lindsays face stiffened instantly.
She had hoped Matthew would invite her to the event but feared he might suspect her hidden motives.
So, when she spotted Pamelas location in Dorburn on social media, she reached out and seized the chance to attend.
However, she hadnt anticipated Pamelas rashness in tearing up Stellas invitation on the spot.
Now at a disadvantage, Lindsay desperately wanted to escape the awkward situation.
But Pamela was relentless, continuing to demand an apology from Stella.
I am an Archer! My father… she began arrogantly.
Sanford, overhearing this, scrutinized Pamela but couldnt place her.
He silently hoped she wouldnt disrupt his carefully laid plans.
Lindsay, aware of the influential Archer family background that Pamela boasted about, did not intervene.
Instead, she tried to mediate.
Perhaps its best to apologize, she suggested, looking at Stella.
Lets not escalate this.
I stand by what is right, not by personal connections, Stella responded coldly, What has happened to you? Did your time abroad make you forget how to behave properly? The commotion quickly drew the attention of those inside the exhibition hall.
Mr.
Howard Archer has arrived! someone rushed out to announce.
This fashion event is co-hosted by the Archer and the Charles families.
Meanwhile, another individual recognized Pamela. She is actually an illegitimate daughter of Mr.
Archer, brought into the Archer family for a marriage alliance, he murmured to the crowd, pointing at Pamela.
Upon seeing her father, Pamela felt emboldened.
Dad, shes bullying me! she exclaimed, gesturing toward Stella.
She then pointed accusingly at Sanford.
And hes disregarding the honor of the Charles family for this woman.
Sanfords expression darkened, a hint of displeasure flickering in his eyes.
Howard Archer glanced at Stella before giving a grave look to Pamela.
###chapter2452
Pamela, apologize to the guest, he said firmly.
Pamela was shocked, her eyes widening in disbelief.
Stella, too, was taken aback.
She was expecting Howard to support his daughter.
You tore up her invitation first.
Our family does not disgrace our guests like this, Howard continued sternly. If you refuse to apologize, you must leave the Archer family immediately and sever all ties with us.
Pamelas face flushed crimson, tears welling up in her eyes.
She was surrounded by cameras, her embarrassment intensifying.
Forget the apology.
Stella intervened, noticing Pamelas distress.
Just return my invitation intact, and Ill consider the matter settled.
After all, the invitation symbolizes the hosts dignity, doesnt it? Howards expression remained stern.
He glanced subtly at Sanford and then firmly addressed Pamela.
Did you hear that? Do as she says.
Dad, I dont want to.
I did nothing wrong, Pamela, visibly reluctant, protested.
Why should I apologize? Dont be stubborn.
If you wish to remain a part of the Archer family, follow my instructions! Howards demeanor grew more severe as he issued another stern warning.
Watching Pamelas adamant yet pained expression, Stella softened slightly. She decided to extend an olive branch.
Miss Archer, Im sorry, she said.
Each invitation is unique and valuable.
Ill wait here.
She then glanced at Lindsay, whose face had turned ashen.
Stella couldnt help but feel a surge of satisfaction.
###chapter2453
Howard sensed Stellas understanding nature, and his demeanor eased slightly.
With a warm smile, he gestured for her to come inside.
Its quite chilly out here; we wouldnt want you catching a cold.
Pamela should be able to piece the invitation back together and get it to you soon.
Stella felt Bellas hand growing colder and knew it was time to head inside.
Lingering in the biting wind just didnt make sense anymore.
Howard gestured politely for Stella and the others to enter the venue, and then quickly turned to the nearby attendant with a firm instruction.
Keep a close watch on Pamela.
Ensure she meticulously reassembles that torn invitation.
We cant afford any slip-ups. Pamela found herself alone, as no one dared to step forward to assist.
Lindsay hovered in the background, her nerves too frayed to either speak up or move closer.
As Sanford made to enter the venue, Lindsays nose twitched at a whiff of something familiar.
She scrunched her brows, trying hard to place the scent, but it slipped through her memory like sand through fingers.
Nearby, Fernando remained in the luxury car, eyes on the drama unfolding before him.
Confused, he took a few glances at Matthew through the rearview mirror.
Fernando mused over Matthews hesitation at the doorway-torn perhaps between helping Stella or Lindsay.
Meanwhile, Matthew, Lost in his own observations, focused on Howard.
He had picked up on a subtle change in Howard after a brief exchange with Sanford.
This raised a question: Sanford was merely a design director; could he have the clout to influence someone as powerful as Howard? Noticing his bosss prolonged silence, Fernando couldnt help but ask, Mr.
Clark, when do we head inside? Matthew seemed not to hear him.
His attention shifted as his phone buzzed.
A message from Neville popped up, revealing that the shooter in Sothrea was caught- and in custody, with the Charles family implicated in the scheme.
A shadow crossed Matthews face as he absorbed the news.
He wasted no time, dialing Nevilles number with a sense of urgency.
Inside the venue, Stella gripped Bellas hand and took the lead, with Sanford and Bennett trailing behind them.
Bennett, still scratching his head over the earlier drama, leaned in to whisper to Sanford, Do you know Howard Archer? Why does he seem so deferential toward Stella? Sanford gave a slight shake of his head.
Never met him before.
It might have something to do with Bella.
Accepting the explanation, Bennett nodded and let the topic slide. Howard followed a few steps behind Stella, his polite demeanor a mask for his genuine respect toward Sanford.
He approached Stella with a courteous smile.
To make up for earlier, weve arranged VIP seats for you.
Theres also a lounge reserved for you upstairs.
Stella appreciated the gesture but declined gracefully.
No thanks, Mr.
Archer.
Were quite content with our original seats.
Upon hearing her refusal, Howard repeated his apologies.
I really am sorry for any trouble caused.
###chapter2454
Stella reassured him with a smile.
Its all fine; weve settled into our seats now.
With a nod of understanding, Howard excused himself and moved away.
Sanford suddenly stood up from his seat.
I see an old friend.
Ill just go over and say hello.
With that, he strode off.
Bella watched Sanfords departure, and then turned to Stella with a curious look.
How does Lindsay know Pamela? Stella thought for a moment.
They probably met during their time studying abroad.
The Clarks picked the finest schools for Lindsay, but she seems to squander her opportunities to make meaningful connections. Stella, it would be best for you to avoid any contact with Lindsay in the future, Bella said sternly.
Ill have Whitney look into reputable brain specialists in Dorburn.
If we can help Matthew regain his memory quickly, we can resolve the situation with Lindsay just as fast.
Stellas mind raced with images of Matthew as Bella spoke, her thoughts spiraling.
Could it be that Lindsay had come to Dorburn without Matthews knowledge? Was her entire visit simply to leverage Pamela to irritate her? How could someone as honorable as Lucia have an adopted granddaughter Like Lindsay? Bennett muttered, sharing Bellas concerns.
A sudden thought seemed to strike him, and he turned to Bella.
Does Howard respect Stella because of you? he asked.
I dont have that much influence, Bella responded quickly.
Thats odd.
Is Howard actually humble then? Bennett pondered aloud, appearing confused.
As the trio conversed, Pamela and Lindsay entered the room.
Pamela strode directly to Stella and sat beside her with a dismissive snort.
Seeing Pamelas cold manner, Stella smiled subtly.
Have you managed to piece my invitation back together yet? she asked.
Pamelas expression darkened.
Anger boiled within her, but she remembered her fathers warning and swallowed her pride.
Here.
She slapped the crudely repaired invitation onto Stellas lap.
This is rather shoddy work, Stella remarked, examining the invitation.
With that, she ripped it again and tossed the pieces back to Pamela.
Thank you, she said.
Youve just confirmed my status in front of Howard. I dont need this invitation to affirm my identity anymore.
Pamela, stood abruptly, anger flashing in her eyes, ready to confront Stella.
Yet Stella remained composed.
Your father holds me in high regard.
I wouldnt test me if I were you, she said firmly.
Im not sure why Howard is so courteous, but I certainly know how to leverage the authority Im given.
Pamela deflated at Stellas calm assertion and reluctantly sat down again.
Lindsay witnessed the exchange and couldnt help but warn Stella.
Remember, this is Dorburn, not Seamarsh, she whispered.
You might want to show some restraint to avoid complicating things for Matthew.
What concern is it of yours? Even if Matthew were here, do you think hed fail to discern right from wrong? Stellas reply was swift and sharp.
###chapter2455
Flushed and without a retort, Lindsay could only simmer in silent frustration.
At that moment, a staff member approached Stella and Bella.
Ladies, Mr.
Howard Archer has invited you backstage to view the designers works as an apology, he said respectfully.
Stella scanned the room but didnt spot Howard.
She knew the invitation was a unique opportunity to Learn.
Meanwhile, Pamela was skeptical that her father would extend such a privilege to Stella.
Are you sure? Why would my father invite her? she asked the staff member.
Miss Archer, I assure you theres been no mistake, the staff member responded.
Stella turned to Bella to gauge her thoughts. With a nod of approval from her, they both prepared to rise and follow the staff member.
Bennett felt a twinge of unease about the women venturing off, especially with Sanford still absent.
He rose with the intention of accompanying them.
The staff member quickly stopped him.
Mr.
Lowell, Mr.
Archer specifically invited only the two ladies, he said.
Please wait here for Sanford.
Well be back soon, Stella reassured Bennett.
Though hesitant, Bennett realized he had little option but to stay put and sat down.
As Stella and Bella walked past, Lindsay averted her eyes, a twinge of jealousy and disdain in them.
Meanwhile, Pamela, seizing an opportunity as Stella walked by, subtly attempted to trip her with her foot.
Stella reacted instinctively, her stiletto heel coming down hard on Pamelas foot.
A sharp scream escaped Pamela, her eyes welling up with the sting of sudden pain.
Stella flashed a mischievous smile and breezily apologized.
Oh dear, Miss Archer, how clumsy of me! I didnt even see your foot there.
Ignoring Pamelas discomfort, Stella turned on her heel and followed the staff member toward the maze of backstage corridors.
Pamelas outburst had not gone unnoticed.
The surrounding crowd whispered disapprovingly among themselves.
That girl really cant keep it together in public, causing such a stir at a fancy event like this. Humiliation washed over Pamela in a hot wave, turning her cheeks a fiery red as she bolted from the venue.
Lindsay, catching sight of Pamelas hasty retreat, decided to follow suit.
Stella and Bella wove through the venues twisting passageways.
The disorienting paths made Stellas head spin, prompting her to ask, Are we even close yet? Why is the backstage area such a trek? The staff members response was lackluster.
Almost there.
Just a little more patience, please.
Sensing something was off, Stella paused to scrutinize the man.
Can you tell me about the designers featured backstage? Id like a heads-up.
He hemmed and hawed, eventually admitting, I… uh, I dont really have details on the designers works.
###chapter2456
Stella knew he was fibbing.
At a high-profile event like this, staff would certainly be well-versed in their roles, especially those assigned to the backstage area, prepared to field any question from the guests.
Choosing her battles wisely, she let it slide for the moment.
No worries, the shows about to start anyway.
Ill head out front to watch.
And could you apologize to Mr.
Archer for me? As Stélla and Bella turned to make their exit, the mans demeanor shifted abruptly.
He lunged forward, his hand slicing through the air toward Stellas neck with a menacing swoosh.
Alert and poised, Stella dodged the swift attack with a nimble sidestep.
Grasping the severity of their predicament, Stella seized Bellas hand and they dashed back along the path they had come.
Bella, overwhelmed and realizing her slower pace, pleaded with Stella. You run ahead, Stella, and get Bennett and Sanford to help.
Stella tightened her grip, her resolve clear.
No, I cant leave you here by yourself.
We dont know what theyre up to, and I wont let you face this danger alone.
Despite their efforts, the man was too quick, his training apparent.
He closed in rapidly, his hand raised to strike again, targeting the napes of both their necks.
A sudden darkness enveloped Stella and Bella as they slipped into unconsciousness.
With alarming ease, the man hoisted both of them over his shoulders and ascended the stairs.
Lindsay crouched low, hidden in the thick bushes, her heart racing as she watched everything unfold in front of her.
She was still rattled, trying to process what shed stumbled upon.
She and Pamela had left together earlier, but somehow, theyd Lost each other along the way.
Then shed heard a scream.
Without thinking, she followed it, never imagining shed find Stella caught up in something so terrifying.
Lindsays mind buzzed with questions.
Could Howard, embarrassed and furious, have gone this far? Did he really send someone to kidnap Stella and teach her a Lesson? Fueled by curiosity, Lindsay knew she had to find out the truth.
Inside a lounge, Sanford sat on the couch, his eyes following Kinsey, who was carefully setting up the tools hed need for the hypnosis.
Suddenly, there was a knock at the door.
A bodyguard opened it, and Sanfords expression shifted as he saw Stella and Bella, unconscious and slumped in the staff members arms.
Sanford jumped to his feet, his voice sharp.
What did you do to them? The staff member, speaking respectfully, replied, Mr.
Quimby, Stella was too smart for her own good.
She sensed something wasnt right.
I had to knock them out.
Kinsey, not bothered by this, just waved it off. Its fine.
Bring them over here quickly.
Were running out of time.
Just as Kinsey was about to begin the hypnosis, he felt a sudden blow to the back of his head.
He didnt have time to react before everything went black, and he collapsed.
In his last moment of awareness, he caught sight of several men dressed in black, leaping through the window.
Within seconds, they took positions, ready for a standoff.
Sanford glanced at Kinseys limp body on the floor.
Walking over to him, he knelt down and whispered, Take it easy.
Everything is falling into place.
Sanfords men were trained for situations like this, ruthless and precise.
###chapter2457
Declans team didnt stand a chancethey were swiftly overpowered and taken down.
Surveying the aftermath, Sanford said in a steady voice, Get rid of these bodies.
Make sure theres no trace left behind.
Afterward, he had Stella and Bella carefully moved to another room.
Once they were settled, he brought his hypnotist to where Kinsey lay.
With an unreadable expression, Sanford gave a short order.
Get started.
Stick to the plan.
At the audience area of the venue, Bennett sat, fidgeting with growing unease. Finally unable to wait any longer, he stood and moved toward the area where the staff member had led Stella and Bella.
He needed to find them.
Before he could take more than a few steps, he ran into Matthew.
Wheres Stella? Matthew demanded, his face tense.
Bennett quickly explained what had happened, and then added, I was just on my way to check the backstage area.
Glad youre here.
Matthew didnt waste time.
He jumped in to help, eager to track Stella down.
He grabbed a passing staff member and asked urgently, Which way to the backstage area? The staff member hesitated, his eyes flickering nervously before pointing in the opposite direction.
Matthew started moving in the direction they were told but stopped when he saw Bennett standing still.
Puzzled, he asked, Whats the matter? Bennett frowned, his voice filled with doubt.
Stella didnt go that way.
They shared a tense look, a cold feeling creeping over them both.
Without another word, they turned and rushed toward what they believed was the real backstage area.
From her hidden spot in the shadows, Lindsay watched the scene with excitement bubbling inside her.
The secret shed uncovered was more thrilling than she ever imagined, and the knowledge gave her a twisted sense of satisfaction.
She waited quietly until everyone was gone, and then carefully pushed open the door.
Inside, Stella and Bella were still unconscious, lying motionless on the floor.
Lindsays eyes narrowed as she looked at Stella.
Her heart burned with jealousy. Without hesitation, she slapped Stella across the face.
So, Sanfords been helping you this whole time.
You really are Lucky.
Her bitterness deepened into something darker.
Her hands moved toward Stella, planning to strip her as a way to humiliate her even further.
But before she could act, Matthews voice rang out from outside the room.
Stella stirred, her lips parting as she mumbled softly, starting to wake.
Lindsays heart raced in panic.
She muttered a curse under her breath and, without Looking back, slipped through the window to make her escape.
###chapter2458
A second later, the door was thrown open as Matthew burst into the room.
Matthew stepped inside and immediately spotted Stella lying on the floor.
His heart raced as he rushed over to her, his voice trembling with urgency.
Stella, Stella, wake up! he called anxiously.
Stellas eyes fluttered open.
For a moment, she stared at Matthews face, her expression clouded with confusion.
Was this reality, or just a dream? Matthew, however, had no time to address her unspoken questions.
His concern was Singular and pressing.
Stella, are you okay? Answer me quickly, he urged, his gaze scanning her for any sign of injury.
As Stella fully regained consciousness, fragments of memory returned to her. She sat up abruptly, her voice filled with worry.
Wheres my mom? How is she? It was only then that she noticed Bella lying beside her.
Panicked, she reached out to check on her, her hands trembling.
Relief flooded her when she realized Bella was unharmed.
Matthew observed her closely and asked, Stella, what exactly happened? Taking a deep breath to steady herself, Stella recounted the events leading up to her attack.
Once she finished, a frown crept onto her face, her mind racing with speculation.
She wondered aloud, Could Howard have been behind this? Was this some secret ploy to retaliate for Pamela? But… She quickly dismissed this possibility.
Bella and Pamela have no grievances between them.
Theres no reason for him to target Bella.
It doesnt make sense.
Frustrated and overwhelmed, Stella rubbed her temples as a dull ache began to set in.
Matthews expression darkened with determination.
We need answers, he said firmly,.
Lets go talk to Howard and get to the bottom of this.
Stella shook her head, her voice steady but resolute.
I want to wait for my mom to wake up before we Leave.
Matthew nodded in understanding.
Alright.
Ill have Fernando arrange for a doctor.
Once we leave, well make sure both of you get a full medical checkup.
Stella didnt respond with a clear yes or no. Instead, a thought seemed to cross her mind, and she looked up at Matthew with a questioning gaze.
When you found us, was there anyone else in the room? Matthew shook his head.
No, why do you ask? Stella frowned, her voice dropping to a murmur.
Could it be that I was hallucinating? In another room, Kinsey slowly regained consciousness.
As his vision cleared, he realized that only Sanford was present.
A frown formed on his face as confusion set in.
How did I faint? Sanfords expression remained calm, as if everything was perfectly under control.
He moved to the side, poured a glass of water with measured precision, and handed it to Kinsey.
After you completed the hypnosis, you passed out.
Most likely due to mental exhaustion, he explained in an even tone.
###chapter2459
Kinsey accepted the glass and took a small sip.
As Sanfords words sank in, fragments of memory surfaced.
He vaguely recalled hearing Sanford mention that everything had been completed just before he lost consciousness.
Perhaps the strain of hypnotizing two people simultaneously had indeed been too much for him.
Trusting Sanfords explanation, Kinsey asked, Did we get any information? Sanford shook his head slightly.
Ill report the specifics directly to Declan.
Theres no need for you to concern yourself with it.
Kinsey didnt press further, though a faint dizziness lingered in his head.
It felt as if something significant had slipped through the cracks of his memory, something he couldnt quite grasp.
Sanford checked his watch and broke the silence.
The fashion show is about to begin, and Ive been away for too long.
If I dont return soon, people will start asking questions.
With that, he turned and exited the room.
As Sanford walked down the corridor toward the exhibition hall, his footsteps echoed in the quiet space. He hadnt gone far when a voice called out from behind, sharp and unwavering.
So its you whos been secretly helping Stella! Sanfords heart skipped a beat.
He spun around to see Lindsay standing there, a knowing smile playing on her lips.
Lindsay believed she had uncovered Sanfords secret, a smug sense of satisfaction lighting her expression.
With a touch of sarcasm, she said, If Stella found out you orchestrated the shooting incident just to win her overcosting Matthew his memory in the processdo you think shed be touched or furious? Sanford remained silent, his calm gaze fixed on Lindsay.
His lack of response only fueled her arrogance.
She leaned in, her voice steady.
I could tell Stella.
A man as devoted as you is hard to find, after all.
Or perhaps shed like to know it was because of your little behind-the-scenes manipulations that she was cleared in Robins death so quickly.
I just cant figure out why you had Stella and Bella taken away earlier… Before she could finish, Sanford stepped forward abruptly.
His hand shot out, seizing her throat, and with shocking strength, he lifted her off the ground and slammed her against the wall.
Even as her airways tightened, Lindsay fought to maintain her composure.
Her gasps came out fragmented but defiant.
You… might as well kill me.
Only the dead keep secrets forever.
But hear me out, I came here with Matthew.
If I die, hell trace it back to you.
Im a nobody, but dragging you down with me? Now thats a Legacy worth leaving.
Despite the fight for air, her words carried relentless determination.
Sanfords glare darkened as he took in her defiant expression.
Though rage burned through him, her point wasnt lost on him.
Slowly, he loosened his grip, releasing her.
His voice was chilling as he issued a warning.
Speak any of this nonsense to Stella, and Ill make sure your end is far worse than you can imagine.
Lindsay coughed, massaging her bruised neck as she inhaled deeply.
Relax, she rasped.
Weve worked well together before. Theres no need to tear each other sapart now.
Sanford sneered, his tone icy.
The only value you hold now is your silence.
But Lindsay wasnt ready to back down.
You want Stella.
I want Matthew.
Our goals align.
We dont need to be enemies, Sanford.
Sanford remained unmoved, his gaze locked on Lindsay with an air of quiet disdain, as though her words were nothing more than the musings of a naive dreamer.
Undeterred by his dismissiveness, Lindsays lips curved into a confident smile.
Ever wonder how I figured you out? She tapped the side of her nose and continued boastfully, Last time, in the dark room, your cologne gave you away.
And today, I happened to catch you orchestrating Stellas little disappearance.
With my help, you could have Stella in your grasp even faster.
So, how about it? A partnership? 
###chapter2460
Lindsay stood her ground, her posture defiant as she awaited Sanfords response.
Sanfords eyes darkened, a sinister smile slowly creeping across his face.
After a long, calculated pause, he drawled, Alright.
Lindsays expression lit up with satisfaction at his agreement.
Without another word, she turned on her heel and left.
The moment she was out of sight, Sanfords face twisted into a cold, calculating mask.
Pulling out his phone, he dialed a number, his voice like ice.
Find a way to deal with Lindsay, he ordered.
And make sure theres no trace left behind.
Stella and Bella carefully examined one another, ensuring they were unharmed before heading back to their seats together.
As Stella walked, she instinctively glanced around and quickly noticed that Sanford was not in his seat.
Turning to Bennett with a puzzled expression, she asked, Where did Sanford go? Did you see him? Bennett furrowed his brows and shook his head. Im not sure, he replied.
Hes been out of sight since he left his seat.
I was so focused on finding you that I didnt pay attention to where he went.
But dont worryhe probably wont get into any trouble.
Stella nodded gently at his reassurance.
Meanwhile, Matthew, walking beside them, slightly furrowed his brows.
His eyes carried a thoughtful expression, as if he were pondering something complex.
Soon, Stella spotted Sanford standing nearby, engaged in conversation with Howard.
However, due to the distance, their conversation was inaudible.
At that moment, Sanford noticed Stella and the others arriving.
Accompanied by Howard, he walked over to them.
As he approached Stella, Sanfords face was filled with concern.
Stella, where were you just now? I was so worried I was about to ask Mr.
Archer to check the surveillance footage to find you.
As he spoke, his gaze flickered briefly toward Matthew, betraying a hint of unspoken emotion.
Before Stella could respond, Bennett, unable to suppress his frustration, stepped forward and confronted Howard.
Mr.
Archer, this venue is supposed to have extremely strict security.
How could there be an unidentified person here? What is going on here? Howards face immediately shifted to an expression of feigned confusion.
He spread his hands in mock innocence and said, Mr.
Lowell, Im not sure what youre, talking about.
What do you mean by an unidentified person? Bennetts face flushed with anger as he raised his voice.
Stella and Bella were knocked unconscious in the venue just now! If Matthew hadnt arrived in time, who knows what kind of terrible consequences could have occurred? That person disguised himself as a staff member and lured Stella and Bella away using your name, Mr.
Archer.
Dont you think you owe us a_ reasonable explanation? Howard waved his hands emphatically, denying the accusations.
Mr. Lowell, I assure you, I had no knowledge of this incident.
I certainly didnt send anyone to take Stella and Bella away.
Bennett, unconvinced by Howards response, pressed on.
Then gather all the staff right now and let Stella and Bella identify the culprit.
We need to find this despicable person! Howard hesitated, scrambling for an excuse.
Mr.
Lowell, the show is about to begin.
It would be highly inappropriate to disrupt everything by gathering all the staff at this moment.
It would throw the entire event into chaos.
Bennetts suspicions deepened, and he didnt hold back.
Youre dodging responsibility, he said bluntly.
Are you feeling guilty? Sanford, feigning intimidation at Howards authoritative status, quickly stepped forward and grabbed Bennetts arm.
Leaning in, he whispered, 
###chapter2461
Bennett, calm down.
Think this through.
There are so many influential people at this event.
If we disrupt the show by rounding up all the staff over our issue, its bound to cause chaos.
And if someone gets hurt in the commotion, it would be a nightmare for Mr.
Archer to explain.
Bennett was in a world of his own, deaf to Sanfords words of caution.
Driven by a fierce resolve to secure justice for Stella, he declared with steely determination, I dont care about that.
I need a clear resolution, or Ill never drop this.
Stella watched Bennetts agitation with a growing sense of dread, fearing his impulsive streak might lead them into deeper waters.
She stepped in, her voice a soothing balm.
Bennett, take a breath.
Rash decisions wont clear this mess.
Turning to Howard, she began with an earnest apology for Bennetts brashness before Laying out her demands, Mr.
Archer, this situation needs a real fix.
Were talking about a potential threat roaming free among your staff, jeopardizing the safety of every guest here.
Her voice took on an edge.
If you cant tackle this right now, then ILL have no choice but to take matters into my own hands. Ill spill every detail of the near-kidnap of my mother and me to everyone here, to keep them on their toes.
Howard, still smiling, tried to defuse the tension.
Lets not escalate things.
How about you describe this suspects key features? Ill have my people look for him on the down-low.
If hes still missing after the show, Ill make sure all the staff stay put for an ID check.
Stella paused, considering his offer, and then nodded her agreement.
She closed her eyes, summoning the frightening memory, and provided what details she could muster.
He had a tattoo on his wrist-couldnt quite catch the design.
Hes about six feet tall, with a menacing look to him.
Id know his face if I saw him again, though.
Howard was quick to reassure her, Rest assured, Im on it.
But first, lets get a doctor to check you and your mom over, just to be sure theres nothing under the radar.
Exchanging a glance with Bella, Stella shook her head decisively, just as the venue came alive with the emcees vibrant opening call.
Howard; ever the gracious host, flashed a reassuring smile at the group.
Ms.
Anderson, Mr.
Lowell, Mr.
Quimby, please, after you.
Ill handle everything from here.
Youll have your resolution soon.
Stella sensed pushing further might be unwise.
She nodded, her expression a mix of gratitude and skepticism.
Alright, Mr.
Archer, well leave it in your hands.
I trust youll resolve this swiftly.
With that settled, she, Bella, and Matthew made their way into the bustling venue.
As they walked, tension simmered between Bennett and Sanford.
Bennetts brow was furrowed with frustration as he turned to Sanford.
Sanford, I just dont get why you had to stop me.
Are you that wary of Howard? Sanford let out a weary sigh, his response tinged with caution.
Bennett, youve got to see the bigger picture here.
Were not in a position to challenge a local heavyweight Like Howard, especially not at his own event.
Hes got the clout and the connections we Lack.
I stepped in to keep you out of hot water.
Stellas probably worried sick about you diving headfirst into trouble.
Bennett fell silent, absorbing Sanfords rationale. After a moment, he muttered, If I cant secure justice for Stella today, itll haunt me tonight.
Sanford placed a comforting hand on his shoulder.
I get it, I do.
But right now, everyones safe, and thats what matters.
Lets take our time to dig deeper.
Well uncover the truth eventually.
With that, they too joined the others inside, their conversation fading into the hum of the gathering crowd.
Stella quickly returned to her original seat in the venue and noticed Pamelas absence.
Instead, Lindsay was sitting there quietly.
The moment Lindsay spotted Matthew, she feigned nervousness, stammering, Matthew, I… I wasnt stalking you and Stella.
I just happened to have a friend here, so I tagged along.
Please dont misunderstand.
Matthew glanced at her with a calm demeanor and replied, Im not stopping you from socializing.
Theres no need to be so anxious.
Lindsay was rendered speechless, her face briefly flickering with embarrassment before she clamped her mouth shut.
Meanwhile, the atmosphere in the venue grew lively under the emcees enthusiastic encouragement.
Without unnecessary chatter, the emcee efficiently introduced the renowned designers and skillfully orchestrated the opening performance, ensuring everything proceeded in an orderly fashion.
###chapter2462
Once the event concluded, Stella didnt forget to approach Howard to inquire about the earlier incident.
However, it was already late, and the days events had left her concerned about Bellas well-being.
Turning to Bennett, she said, Bennett, take my mother back first.
Ill stay and handle things here.
Though both Bennett and Bella wished to stay with her, they reluctantly left after seeing her unwavering determination.
Matthew, noticing Sanford lingering beside Stella with no intention of leaving, couldnt help feeling a twinge of displeasure.
Yet, unwilling to upset Stella because of his own feelings, he remained silent and restrained.
Suddenly, Matthew wrapped his arm around Stellas waist.
The unexpected gesture startled her, causing her body to stiffen slightly.
Matthew, seemingly oblivious to her reaction, said nonchalantly, Stella, dont be afraid.
With me here, everything will be fine. The three-Stella, Matthew, and Sanford-waited quietly in the lounge.
After a moment, Howard entered, an apologetic look on his face, followed by a line of staff members.
Howard furrowed his brows slightly and addressed Stella.
I sincerely apologize.
The incident occurred in an unfortunate blind spot for the surveillance cameras.
After a thorough investigation, we couldnt retrieve any useful information.
These staff members, however, match the description you provided earlier.
Stellas gaze slowly swept over the row of men standing before her.
Her eyes carried a sharp scrutiny and quiet inquiry as she remained silent for a Long moment .
Matthew seemed to sense Stellas unease and gently squeezed her hand in reassurance.
Stella turned her head toward him and gave a subtle shake of her head, silently indicating that the man she had seen was not among the individuals present.
Sanford, seated nearby, appeared calm and composed, but his sharp eyes missed nothing, quietly observing every detail around him.
Howard turned to Stella with a cautious tone, asking, Were you able to identify the suspicious person? Instead of answering his question, Stella countered with her own.
Are you sure youve gathered everyone? Howard immediately straightened, his posture firm with confidence.
Im certain.
Theres absolutely no one missing.
If you have any doubts, you can wait until the venue is cleared.
Ill gather all the staff again for you to verify.
Stella fell silent, lost in thought.
The venue was enormous, and as the organizer, Howard had the means to conceal someone if he truly intended to.
She had no effective way to uncover the truth on her own.
His unusually cooperative attitude now made further pursuit seem pointless.
Besides, neither she nor Bella had been harmed.
After some contemplation, Stella decided to let the matter go. With a composed expression, she said, Forget it, Mr.
Archer.
Since thats the case, Ill believe you.
Noticing Stellas decision to drop the subject, Howard immediately apologized.
I deeply regret the distress this incident has caused you.
Please accept my sincere apologies for the inconvenience.
If you encounter any challenges in the future, dont hesitate to reach out to me.
Ill do everything in my power to assist you.
Stella gave a polite nod and replied courteously, Thank you, Mr.
Archer.
Feeling both physically and mentally drained, she rose to her feet and quietly took her leave.
###chapter2463
She and Matthew walked ahead, with Sanford following a few steps behind.
As he passed Howard, Sanford exchanged a subtle glance with him.
Howard responded with a confident nod, and seeing this, Sanford finally relaxed, his lingering concerns fading away.
Howard personally escorted them to the door.
Matthew, resolute in his demeanor, firmly held Stellas hand and guided her to his car.
Surprisingly, Sanford didnt put up an argument this time.
Instead, he silently turned and got into his own vehicle.
Inside Sanfords car, the driver turned out to be the same man who had earlier escorted Stella away.
Sanfords expression darkened slightly.
In a cold, commanding tone, he instructed, Leave Dorburn tonight.
Until I give further orders, do not leave Lyllmann. The man nodded respectfully.
Yes, sir.
Just then, Sanfords phone rang abruptly.
Glancing at the screen, he saw Declans name flashing.
He hesitated for a brief moment, took a deep breath to compose himself, and then answered the call.
Declans voice came through, sharp with anxiety and anger.
Sanford, have you found the location of the treasure map? Sanfords tone remained calm as he replied, Neither Stella nor Bella remembers anything.
I couldnt get any information from them.
Upon hearing this, Declan erupted in fury, his voice echoing with anger.
Sanford, have you been scheming behind my back? How could you fail to uncover anything? Sanford sneered, his tone dripping with sarcasm.
Declan, those were all your men.
Even Howard was someone you brought in to assist with this operation, and the hypnotist? That was also your doing.
My only role was to bring Stella and Bella to the designated location.
If you think I have the power to manipulate everything behind your back, then I have nothing more to say.
If youre still suspicious, go ahead and question Kinsey again.
Declans frustration stemmed from his inability to extract any valuable information from Kinsey, fueling his suspicions of Sanford.
Yet, unwilling to relinquish his pursuit of a fortune so vast, he pressed on.
Sanford, Declan demanded, when you were with Kori, did he ever mention any specific locations? There might be clues to the treasure hidden there.
Sanford paused, as though something flickered in his memory, but he remained composed.
With a casual shrug, he replied, No.
Kori was solely focused on overseeing my studies.
He never mentioned anything else to me. Declan was silent for a moment, his mind racing, before he finally instructed, Stay close to Stella and the Lowell family.
Interrogate every member thoroughly.
Someone among them must know where the treasure is hidden.
Sanford nodded in acknowledgment.
Understood.
With that, he ended the call.
After ending the call, he turned to the bodyguard behind the wheel and commanded firmly, Head back to Lyllmann and locate Mr.
D.
Tell him to begin the preparations immediately.
In that moment, Sanford silently resolved to dismantle Declans influence, gradually erode his power, and ultimately usurp his position, claiming control over everything for himself.
Stella and Bella, mindful not to disrupt Whitneys routine, had moved out of her residence and checked into a hotel before attending the event.
###chapter2464
Soon, a car came to a stop at the hotel entrance.
Matthew and Stella stepped out of the car.
Sanford had, however, not arrived.
Matthew gently took Stella by the shoulder and guided her into the hotel, leading her directly into his room.
He opened the door and gestured for Stella to step in.
He then followed, heading straight for the first-aid box.
Stella sat awkwardly on the sofa.
She reached for a rubber band to tie up her hair.
Matthew approached at that moment with the first-aid box. Seeing Stella trying to tie up her hair, he took the rubber band from her, saying, Let me help you with that.
Matthews fingers gently combed through Stellas hair as he bunched up the hair and held it together with the rubber band.
Once done, he picked up the ointment and twisted the cap.
Instantly, the pungent smell suffused the room, and Stella immediately reached out and stopped him.
Whats the matter? Matthew asked, puzzled.
Stellas eyes flickered, and she glanced down, muttering to herself, unsure how to explain.
She picked up the ointment and pretended to read through the ingredient list.
She then pointed randomly at one of the ingredients and said, Im allergic to this.
Besides, the injury isnt severe.
This isnt necessary.
Stella then stood up and attempted to leave.
Matthew, however, reached out and grabbed her by the hand.
You should stay here, Otherwise, youll likely be disturbing Bellas rest.
Were married.
Its no big deal.
Stella met his intent gaze.
Her heart began to beat frantically in her chest.
However, reason took hold of her, and she said, No, my mom will worry if she wakes and doesnt see me.
Despite Matthews attempt to convince her otherwise, Stella still insisted on leaving. Seeing she couldnt be convinced, Matthew said, Ill walk you to the door.
Stella didnt , and together they both walked toward the elevator.
They waited for the elevator doors to open.
Finally, the elevator opened, revealing Sanford inside.
Upon seeing Sanford, Stella turned to Matthew and said, You can go back.
Sanford is here.
Matthew, however, refused and got into the elevator with the both of them.
Stella turned to Sanford and asked, Why are you just getting back? After all, the two cars had left together, so it was unusual for Sanford to be so far behind.
Sanford calmly replied, I asked someone to take care of some things, so it took a bit Longer.
###chapter2465
Stella could tell he didnt plan to elaborate and didnt press the matter any further.
An awkward silence then fell on the elevator as it moved.
Finally, the elevator stopped at Stellas floor, and Matthew walked Stella to the door of her room.
Before Stella entered, Matthew placed a kiss on her forehead and said, Rest well.
Ill see you at breakfast tomorrow.
Stella then entered her room, and Matthew turned and left.
When he passed by Sanfords room, he halted, staring intently at the door.
Finally, he continued toward the elevator. Once he stepped into the elevator, Matthew took out his phone and called Fernando.
Come up here for a moment, he said.
In the room, Matthew glanced at Fernando and asked, Have you found anything? While attending the show with Stella, he had discreetly assigned Fernando the task of starting an investigation.
Fernando nodded and replied, I retrieved the surveillance footage from the corridor where Mrs.
Clarks incident occurred.
As he spoke, he opened the video.
Matthews sharp eyes immediately caught something unusual.
With a frown, he remarked, This video has been tampered with.
Without hesitation, Matthew pressed on, Is there any way to restore it? Fernando paused thoughtfully before replying, It will take some time, but I will do my utmost.
Also, Ive been closely monitoring Lindsay as you instructed.
The next morning, sunlight filtered through the narrow gap in the curtains, casting a warm glow across the room.
Bella stirred awake, rubbing the sleep from her eyes.
She glanced at Stella, who was seated beside the bed, and asked, How did things go Last night? Stella, busy straightening the blanket, responded, We couldnt track down the staff member, and the surveillance turned up nothing useful.
It was probably just a prank.
Upon hearing this, Bellas unease deepened.
She remarked, If this is just a prank, then that person is downright cruel.
Stella remained silent, her expression unreadable. Suddenly, a knock echoed at the door.
Bella, perplexed, asked, Who could that be? Rising to her feet, Stella moved toward the door and speculated, It should be Matthew.
She swung the door open, and as expected, Matthew stood outside, his smile gentle, and composed.
Did= you manage to sleep well? he asked softly.
I had Fernando prepare breakfast downstairs.
Lets all go down together.
Stella nodded in agreement.
Alright.
###chapter2466
As they stepped out, they encountered Bennett emerging from his room.
They exchanged brief glances before Bennett flashed a smile at Stella.
ILL call Sanford and join you downstairs, he suggested.
Stella shook her head.
We got back quite late last night.
Let Sanford get some rest.
Bennett considered her reasoning and decided to drop the idea.
Recalling the previous nights events, Bennett queried, Stella, what exactly transpired last night? Did you manage to identify the assailant? Stella sighed, her tone heavy with resignation, as she recounted what happened after Bennett left the night before.
Bennett listened intently, stroking his chin thoughtfully before hypothesizing. Could it be that Pamela arranged for someone to impersonate a staff member? Perhaps Howard discovered the truth but chose to conceal it to protect Pamelas reputation.
Bella was taken aback by his theory, but upon reflection, she found it somewhat plausible and nodded in agreement.
Stella, however, shook her head dismissively and replied, Speculation is pointless in Dorburn without solid evidence.
Even if Pamela was behind this, her failure this time means shell likely try again.
But Luck doesnt Last forever.
Despite her outward confidence, Stella didnt genuinely believe Pamela was responsible.
After all, Bella held a certain status and position in Dorburn, and while Pamelas dislike for Stella was well-known, it didnt seem logical for her to involve Bella in such matters.
As their conversation continued, they reached the dining room of the hotel.
Matthew had indeed orchestrated everything with meticulous care.
The table was adorned with an impressive array of dishes, each thoughtfully tailored to Stellas preferences.
As they settled into their seats, Bennett suddenly gestured toward the doorway and announced, Sanford has arrived.
Sanford approached the group with a warm smile.
Glancing around, he asked politely, May I join you all for breakfast? Bennett quickly extended a welcoming gesture.
Of course, please take a seat.
Just, then, Fernando stepped forward and discreetly addressed Matthew.
Mr.
Clark, he murmured.
Matthew rose from his chair and, with a composed demeanor, exited the room. Did you uncover anything? Fernando reported, Howard didnt contact the Charles family after last night, and no one from the Charles family attended yesterdays event.
Matthew nodded slightly before inquiring, What about Lindsays whereabouts? Fernando replied, Shes at the apartment we arranged.
Other than Pamela visiting her, there havent been any unusual visitors.
Matthew pondered for a moment and then instructed, Keep a close eye on her.
Notify me immediately if anything happens.
Bella furrowed her brow slightly as she looked at Stella.
After a brief moment of thought, she announced, The Dorburn matters are finally settled.
Im planning to return to Seamarsh in a couple of days.
I dont want to stay here any longer.
###chapter2467
In truth, Bella had another reason she chose to keep to herself.
Her recent experience in Dorburn had only worsened her impression of the place, leaving her with no desire to maintain her studio there.
Glancing at the food on the table, she prompted Stella, saying, Lets not dwell on that.
Come on, lets eat.
Later that day, Lindsay, seated in her wheelchair, spotted Matthew waiting at the door of the apartment as she exited the elevator.
His stern expression immediately put her on edge.
She greeted him cautiously, but Matthew cut her off abruptly.
Where have you been? Were returning to Seamarsh in a couple of days, so dont wander around.
Startled by his tone, Lindsay quickly asked, Is everything with Stella settled? I feel very unsettled because I havent accomplished anything on this trip.
Matthews gaze was cold as he replied indifferently, Thats not something you need to worry about.
Tomorrow, Ill have Fernando take you for a check- up. With that, Matthew turned and left.
Anxiety gripped her immediately.
The check-up was nothing more than an excuse to bring her to Dorburn, and if she actually went through with it, her uninjured legs would undoubtedly be exposed.
Lindsay spent the entire night restless, her mind spinning with worry.
The next morning, Stella woke to a message from Matthew.
I have something to deal with today and cant accompany you.
The hotel has prepared breakfast for you; dont forget to eat.
She simply replied, Okay.
Stella had been fretting over how to arrange a prenatal check-up without arousing suspicion, but it seemed the opportunity had presented itself.
The night before, she had discreetly booked an appointment at a private hospital online.
This facility provided comprehensive prenatal services, including a nurse to assist her throughout the processa convenience that would save her both time and energy.
As soon as Stella arrived at the hospital, a nurse greeted her warmly, leading her to a room to change and prepare for the check-up.
This was Stellas first prenatal examination, and her nerves were unmistakable.
Her hands trembled involuntarily as she waited.
The nurse patiently reassured Stella several times before she finally began to relax.
Following the nurses guidance, Stella completed the check-up step by step as instructed.
About half an hour later, she emerged from the examination room.
The nurse gestured toward a nearby chair and said warmly, Please take a seat here for a moment.
Ill go retrieve your examination report.
Moments later, the nurse returned with the report in hand, her smile reassuring as she handed it to Stella.
Congratulations, she said.
The baby is healthy.
But since youre still in the early stages of pregnancy, please make sure to get plenty of rest. Relief washed over Stella, and for the first time that day, she felt the tension in her shoulders melt away.
After changing back into her clothes, she left the examination room.
However, as she reached the gate of the hospital, she stopped abruptly, her heart skipping a beat.
Standing there were Matthew and Lindsay.
Matthew saw Stella, and his face reflected a deep sense of surprise.
Breaking the silence, he spoke first, saying, Ive arranged for Lindsay to be examined by a specialist.
Stellas gaze swept over Lindsay, and she caught a faint, almost imperceptible glimmer of glee on Lindsays face.
The expression left Stella perplexed, unable to fathom the reason behind it.
Turning to Stella with concern, Matthew asked, Why are you at the hospital? Are you feeling unwell? Stella hesitated briefly before replying with a small lie.
I was feeling a bit dizzy, so I came to get checked.
The doctor said its nothing serious just need to rest properly.
###chapter2468
Before Matthew could respond, Lindsay quickly interjected, Matthew, you should stay with Stella.
Im already at the hospital and can handle the examination myself.
Lindsays proactive suggestion stirred suspicion in Stella, who couldnt shake the feeling that Lindsay had ulterior motives.
Sensing Stellas scrutinizing gaze, Lindsay grew uneasy.
Earlier that morning, she had deliberately tried to delay the examination, hoping to avoid it altogether.
However, her efforts had only annoyed Matthew, leaving her no choice but to come to the hospital.
Stella, unconvinced by Lindsays sudden display of consideration, shook her head.
Its fine.
Let Matthew stay.
Ive already been examined, she said calmly.
Hearing this, Lindsay grew anxious, suspecting that Stella was intentionally opposing her.
Stella, in turn, noted Lindsays slight nervousness, further reinforcing her belief that something wasnt right. There was an unmistakable sense of mischief Lurking beneath the surface.
Matthew, who had been quietly observing, now appeared visibly displeased.
He had long noticed Lindsays staunch resistance to the examination-a stark contrast to her demeanor before arriving at Dorburn.
Coupled with previous suspicions about Lindsays various behaviors, Matthew made a decision in his heart.
He wanted to stay and find out what was really going on.
Lindsay opened her mouth as if to say something more, but upon meeting Matthews resolute gaze, she immediately fell silent.
While Stella was equally curious about Lindsays sudden change in demeanor, her primary concern was the risk of exposing her pregnancy if she lingered at the hospital.
Deciding it was safer to leave, she turned toward the exit.
However, before she could take another step, a group of bodyguards appeared at the hospital entrance, swiftly blocking her path.
Leading them was a middle-aged man with a refined and elegant air.
He approached Stella with measured steps and spoke politely.
Maam, a pleasure to meet you.
I am Mr.
Archers secretary.
Both Matthew and Stella frowned at the unexpected encounter.
Out of courtesy, Stella managed a polite greeting, though her body instinctively retreated a step.
Matthew, almost reflexively, moved closer to Stella, positioning himself protectively at her side.
The secretary, unfazed by their defensive posture, continued, Mr.
Archer would like you to design a tuxedo for his sixtieth birthday banquet.
2 Stella offered a small, respectful bow as she declined gracefully.
Please extend my gratitude to Mr.
Archer for his appreciation of my work.
However, I am scheduled to return home in a few days and, unfortunately, wont have the time.
The secretary, seemingly prepared for her refusal, remained persistent. Mr.
Archer greatly admires your talent and wishes to express his sincerest apologies for the unpleasant experience you had at the design event.
Although the mans demeanor was humble and polite, Stella keenly detected an undertone of authority in his voice.
Stella offered a faint smile and gently shook her head.
I truly didnt take it to heart.
Mr.
Archer has no reason to feel sorry about it.
Its just that I really dont have the time to take on this design project.
The secretary studied her intently, his sharp gaze as if trying to read her thoughts.
After a moment, he relented, waving his hand to signal his men before turning to leave with them in tow.
As soon as they disappeared, Stellas body visibly relaxed, her tense shoutders softening.
###chapter2469
She stood silently for a moment, lost in thought, while Matthew, equally absorbed, seemed to be piecing together his own conclusions about Howards sudden invitation.
Matthews mind wandered back to the fragments of his ongoing investigation.
Something significant-something pivotal-hovered on the edge of his thoughts, almost within reach.
But before he could grasp it, a sharp, searing headache struck Like a bolt of lightning, derailing his train of thought.
Stella noticed the sudden pallor washing over his face and asked with alam, Whats wrong? Are you feeling unwell somewhere? Matthew weakly waved his hand, attempting to dismiss her concern.
But before he could say a word, darkness consumed his vision.
His legs buckled, and he collapsed to the floor, unconscious.
Matthew was rushed to the emergency room while Stella paced anxiously in the corridor, her brow furrowed with worry.
Lindsay sat in her wheelchair nearby, equally shaken after witnessing Matthew faint.
Yet, amidst her concern, a small sense of relief crept in-she wouldnt have to undergo her leg examination for now. As Stellas anxiety reached its peak, her phone suddenly rang.
She glanced at the screen-it was Bella calling.
Stella.
Bellas voice came through gently.
Whitney knows a brain specialist.
When do you plan to take Matthew for a check-up? I can arrange an appointment with Whitney right away.
Mom, can we do it now? Stella replied hurriedly, her voice trembling.
Matthew fainted, and I have no idea whats happening to him.
Hearing this, Bella grew equally anxious but tried to calm Stella.
Take a deep breath and stay composed.
Which hospital are you at? Were at the private hospital we booked earlier, Stella answered truthfully.
Alright, well be there right away, Bella assured her before hanging up.
Within moments, Bella and Whitney arrived, accompanied by a distinguished- Looking man with silver hair.
A doctor came out of the emergency room, and upon seeing the silver-haired man, he was taken aback.
He immediately recognized him as Bradly Taylor, a renowned neurosurgeon in Dorburn.
Wasting no time, Bradly inquired about Matthews condition and offered a few reassuring words to Whitney before following the doctor into the emergency room.
Stella turned to Whitney, her voice brimming with gratitude.
Whitney, I dont Know how to thank you.
Without your help, Id be completely lost.
Whitney smiled warmly.
Stella, theres no need for thanks. Im just glad I could be of help.
Less than half an hour later, Bradly emerged from the emergency room, but his expression was grave.
Facing Stella and the others, he spoke slowly.
Matthews test results are concerning.
Theres a blood clot in his brain.
If we dont operate soon, it could become life-threatening.
However, the surgery comes with significant risks.
If it fails, Matthew might lose his life.
Even if it succeeds, the best-case scenario could leave him in a vegetative state.
Stellas face turned ashen as the weight of Bradlys words sank in, and her body trembled slightly.
###chapter2470
Seeing her distress, Bella quickly stepped forward to steady her, her own face etched with worry.
Stella tried to compose herself, though her voice quivered as she asked, What is the success rate of the operation? Bradly sighed deeply before replying, Only 50%.
The panic in Stellas eyes grew, her breathing quickening as she asked in desperation, Is there any other solution? Bradly shook his head regretfully.
Im afraid there isnt.
At this moment, surgery is the only option.
But youll need to decide quicklythe Longer we wait, the higher the risk becomes.
Stella fought to hold back her sadness and offered a small nod.
Dr.
Taylor, thank you for the diagnosis.
As for the surgery.. I think its best to wait until Matthew wakes up.
Ill discuss it with him then.
Bradly acknowledged her decision with a sympathetic nod and said nothing further.
Gathering her composure, Stella asked softly, When do you think Matthew might wake up? Bradlys brow furrowed as he replied, I cant guarantee a specific time.
His condition is quite complicated.
Realizing she wouldnt get more answers, Stella chose not to press further.
Instead, she exchanged contact information with Bradly.
Shortly afterward, Whitney and Bradly took their leave.
Bella stayed behind, keeping Stella company as they waited anxiously outside the hospital room.
Meanwhile, Howards secretary, upon leaving the hospital, wasted no time.
He immediately arranged for someone to investigate the real reason behind Stellas visit to the hospital.
Soon, the secretary received Stellas pregnancy test report.
Without a moments hesitation, the secretary dialed Declans number and relayed the Latest twist.
Stella has turned down our invite.
Adding another detail, he reported, Matthew has passed out at the hospital and is still out cold.
Once he had briefed his boss, he cautiously asked, Sir, whats my next move? After mulling it over briefly, Declan directed, Get out of the hospital for starters.
And make sure you wipe any trace of Stellas pregnancy.
Leave no stone unturned.
Meanwhile, Stella and Bella were by Matthews side in the ward, their vigil unyielding.
As the shadows lengthened into evening, there was still no change in Matthews condition. Seeing the strain on Stella, Fernando gently suggested, Mrs.
Clark, why dont you head back to the hotel and catch some rest? Sticking around wont speed up his recovery.
Bella backed him up.
Hes right, Stella.
Youve been running on fumes.
With Matthew stable and no surgery on the immediate horizon, its best you recharge.
Youll need your strength for whats to come.
Torn, Stella was reluctant to leave, but the thought of her unborn child tipped the scales.
With a resigned nod, she agreed.
###chapter2471
She instructed Fernando, Stay with him then.
Call me the second he wakes up.
Back at her hotel, a weary Stella had barely started to unwind when a knock at the door jolted her.
It was Bella, face etched with concern.
Stella, its Howards men, she said breathlessly.
Bella had spotted a fleet of cars emblazoned with the Archer family crest downstairs when she was shutting the window.
Alarmed, she didnt waste a second: in alerting Stella.
The unexpected visit caught Stella off guard.
Quickly regaining her composure, she asked, Have they made it up here yet? Bella shook her head, her voice tinged with worry.
No sign of them yet. Maybe we should duck out to Whitneys place or head back to the hospital.
When Matthews up, we can jet back to Seamarsh.
Its tricky here in Dorburn; the Archer family runs the show.
Stella mulled it over, and then made a decision.
Whitneys been solid for us, but Lets not pull her in unless were really up against the wall.
I1L take a quick look downstairs.
We cant keep playing hide and seek; we need a solid plan.
Concern etched on her face, Bella was quick to offer support.
Im coming with you.
No way youre doing this solo.
The two made their way to the hotel Lobby and ran into the very secretary who had spotted them earlier at the hospital.
As Stella approached the entrance, the secretarys greeting was polite yet persistent, his smile unwavering as he extended yet another invitation.
Maam, my boss is still hopeful youll design for him.
Wed be truly honored.
Stella, standing her ground with a steady gaze, countered, What happens if I decline? She had a gnawing feeling that Howard was up to no good, though the full scope of his plans eluded her.
Her mind briefly wandered to the enigmatic Charles family, a name she had only heard in whispers.
She couldnt shake the feeling that they were somehow linked to her current troubles.
Adding to her unease was the memory of being mysteriously knocked out at the last fashion event, with no leads on who had followed her to Dorburn or why.
The secretary kept his cool, his smile fixed as he replied smoothly, Should you choose to decline, I find myself with no choice but to remain here and wait for you to see things differently.
Stellas features tightened as she shot back, almost incredulously, Is that a threat? The secretary quickly waved his hands and explained, Maam, youve misunderstood.
Thats not what I meant at all. Mr.
Archer genuinely appreciates your design and would like to discuss it with you in person.
Realizing that continuing the standoff would lead nowhere, Stella finally decided to meet Howard.
Meanwhile, in the distance, Sanford had just arrived at the hotel.
He noticed a crowd gathering near the entrance, with numerous cars parked outside.
A faint frown crossed his face as an uneasy feeling began to creep over him.
Hurriedly, he made his way back to his room and immediately pulled out his phone to call Declan.
However, the call didnt go through, deepening his sense of unease.
Sanford hesitated to call Stella for clarification.
He worried that acting too rashly might raise her suspicions.
###chapter2472
At the same time, in the quiet, suffocating stillness of a hospital ward, Matthew remained motionless in the bed, showing no signs of waking.
Elsewhere, Stella and Bella, led by the secretary, had already arrived at the Archer estate.
The scene before them was engulfed in shadows, with an eerie darkness obscuring any clear details.
The secretary held up a large black umbrella, shielding Stella with great respect, as though she were an honored guest.
Bella clasped Stellas hand, leaning in to whisper in her ear, Stella, I just realizedthe cell phone signal here seems to be blocked.
Stella gave a slight nod and murmured softly, I expected this.
Her suspicions deepened further.
It was now clear to her that Howard hadnt invited her here merely to discuss clothing design. The secretary stepped forward with a polite smile and said, Ladies, please follow me.
Ill escort you to your rooms so you can rest.
He led them to two adjacent rooms, intentionally keeping them close rather than separating them.
After bidding them goodnight, the secretary added, Mr.
Archer will meet with both of you tomorrow.
Please enjoy your rest.
Stella entered her room and closed the door behind her.
She meticulously checked every corner of the space, ensuring there were no hidden issues before she finally allowed herself to sit down.
Concerned about her babys health, she washed up, slipped into bed, and tried to relax, determined to be well-rested for whatever the next day might bring.
Meanwhile, the secretary walked briskly toward another section of the sprawling estate.
Entering a dimly lit room, he relayed every detail about Stella and Bellas situation.
Once finished, he bowed slightly and asked Declan respectfully, Sir, what are your instructions? Declan didnt respond immediately.
Instead, his sharp gaze shifted, and he asked, You said Matthew fainted? The secretary, caught off guard by the sudden question, hesitated for a brief moment before nodding and replying, Yes, Matthew collapsed at the hospital, but the specifics of his condition remain unclear.
Declans expression remained unreadable as he calmly instructed Howard, Tomorrow, meet Stella personally and proceed according to the plan.
Howard nodded with conviction, his tone reassuring.
Rest assured, sir.
I will handle everything flawlessly. 2 Just then, Sanford entered the room in haste.
Howard immediately greeted him with respect, but Sanford didnt so much as spare him a glance.
His piercing gaze was locked on Declan, his mind racing to decipher the reason behind Declans sudden arrival in Dorburn.
Sensing the tension, Howard tactfully excused himself, quietly leaving the room to give Declan and Sanford privacy.
Once the door clicked shut, Sanford stepped forward, his voice laced with suspicion.
Why did you take Stella away? Declans face remained adorned with that mild, composed smile.
He fixed his gaze on Sanford, his lips curling into a subtle smirk.
So, Sanford, he said with a half-smile, are you worried about Stella? Sanfords chest tightened, and he opened his mouth, ready to deny the accusation.
###chapter2473
But Declan didnt give him the chance.
He leaned slightly forward and continued, his tone unhurried yet sharp, Stella is pregnant.
Did you know that? The revelation struck Sanford like a thunderbolt.
For a moment, shock rippled through him, but years of enduring countless trials had honed his ability to mask his emotions.
He quickly regained his composure, forcing a calm tone.
Whether Stella is pregnant or not is none of my concern.
Taking Stella away like this will only alarm Bennett.
Have you thought about the consequences? Declans enigmatic smile deepened.
He rose from his seat with an air of unshakable authority, his steps slow and deliberate as he walked past Sanford.
As he passed, he whispered, his voice Low and weighted with warning, Sanford, Im old now, and you are the successor Ive chosen. Dont disappoint me by acting foolishly over a woman.
Sanford remained rooted in place, his gaze following Declan as_ he disappeared from sight.
Neville and Mileys plane glided to a smooth stop at Dorburn Airport.
Overcome with nerves, they grabbed their bags in a flurry and made a beeline for the hospital to check on Matthew.
They entered the hospital room to find Matthew resting silently in his bed, yet to awaken.
Before they could dig into the details, Bennett and Doreen burst through the door, their faces etched with urgency.
Stella is missing! Those chilling words hung in the air, leaving everyone dumbstruck.
Bennetts brow furrowed deeply as he continued, I had barely stepped back into the hotel when the manager rang up.
He told me that Last night, Howards crew whisked Stella and Bella away.
Ive got people on it, trying to sniff them out, but Howards hiding out somewhere off the map, and they didnt leave a breadcrumb trail.
Mileys heart skipped a beat when she suddenly recalled Stellas pregnancy.
The thought of her friend in danger sent shivers down her spine.
She grabbed Nevilles arm, urgency lacing her voice.
Neville, we need to get someone on this-now! Every second counts! Seeing Miley so worked up, Neville wasted no time.
He whipped out his phone and began orchestrating a search for Stella.
Fernando immediately tapped into his network in Dorburn, rallying a group of people to hunt for Stella.
The weight of the situation pressed down on everyone, filling the room with a heavy, tense silence.
By the time evening rolled around, Stella received a polite invitation from the secretary to meet with Howard in his study.
Howard= welcomed her with open arms and a grin that could light up a room.
Yet, despite his warmth, Stella remained on guard. She cut straight to the chase.
Mr.
Archer, what exactly do you want from me? Lets skip the formalities.
Howards reply was earnest.
Absolutely, its about the clothing design.
My secretary mentioned that youd need my measurements.
I hope Im not imposing by asking you here, especially as Im not feeling my best.
Stella nodded, picking up the measuring tape to begin her work.
While measuring, she maintained a careful distance and ventured, Mr.
Archer, once the outfit is designed, may I leave? 
###chapter2474
Howard put on a show of surprise and exclaimed, Why on earth would you want to leave? Surely, a hotel cant be cozier than a castle, right? Or is there something bothering you here? Just let me know, and Ill fix it in a snap.
Howards boundless enthusiasm only added Layers to Stellas confusion.
Mr Archer, my husband is still in the hospital.
It just doesnt sit right with me to stay in such a lavish place.
Id rather be by his side, taking care of him.
Howard let out a breath, as if a weight had been lifted, and quickly replied, Matthew is still unconscious… Just then, a booming noise filled the space, causing the entire house to shudder slightly.
Stella noticed Howard catch his breath; his face locked in shock as if someone had just thrown cold water on him.
The secretary burst in, his expression stern, and said to Howard, Sir, please step outside.
Realizing his slip of the tongue, and the noise serving as a stark reminder, Howard swiftly regained his poise and smiled at Stella. Now that weve got the measurements sorted, why dont you focus on the design? Ill go see what that racket was all about.
Excuse me.
With that, he hurried out of the study.
Stella stood rooted to the spot, her mind racing.
They were chatting just fine-what was with the sudden interruption? Was someone trying to keep her from speaking with Howard? A nagging suspicion crept into her mind: were they trying to keep her in the dark about Matthews condition? Resolved, she decided to wrap up the design quickly, eager to leave and uncover the truth about Matthews situation.
As the sun dipped below the horizon, Matthews eyes flickered open at Last.
He was met by a sea of faces crowding the room, each one blurred at the edges of his vision.
He scanned the room in a haze, his mind racing for a glimpse of Stella.
Across the room, Mileys patience had worn thin.
The image of Stella, possibly in danger, ignited a fierce anger in her.
Her arms folded tightly across her chest, she threw her words at Natthew like ice daggers.
Enough with the act, Matthew.
Howards goons have Stella, and we havent located her yet.
You better get on it, or youll live to regret it.
Desperation clawed at Matthews heart.
He attempted to spring into action, to dash to Stellas rescue himself.
But as he swung his legs off the bed, the room spun wildly, forcing him to clutch the bedpost and shut his eyes to steady the swirling world.
Once the dizziness subsided, he managed a calm yet tense inquiry. Are we sure it was Howards people? His underlying worry was the involvement of the Charles family; were they part of this grim puzzle? The thought of Stella in their hands was unbearable, and the urgency of the matter wasnt Lost on him.
With his face a mask of composure, Matthew gave nothing away.
Breaking the tense silence, Fernando chimed in, his voice tinged with hope yet faltering.
Well, the hotel claimed Howard wanted Stella to design a suit for him.
That sounds safe, doesnt it? Doubt lingered in the shaky ends of his sentences.
Matthew paused, his mind working quickly.
And who owns that hotel where Stellas staying? Fernando met his gaze, earnest and concerned.
Ive looked into it top to bottom.
Turns out, Howard doesnt have any ties to the hotel.
###chapter2475
A shiver coursed through Matthew as he digested the unfolding scenario, the gravity of it anchoring his thoughts firmly in place.
His mind raced as he questioned the need for such extreme actions from Howard just to commission a dress design.
After being rejected by Stella at the hospital, they had cornered her at the hotel-this Level of involvement was alarmingly out of the ordinary.
Without wasting another moment, Matthew issued a command to Fernando.
Ramp up our efforts to find Stella.
Ill be joining you as soon as I can.
Regaining his bearings, WNatthew turned to Cordell and Neville, his expression clouded with bewilderment.
What brought you guys to Dorburn so suddenly? Neville scanned the room, noting the people here were all trusted ones, and decided to unveil the full story.
I got a tip that Declan left Lyllmann for Seamarsh and has now vanished from there.
Concerned he might stir trouble, I made my way here swiftly.
Matthews complexion blanched as the pieces fell into place; Declan was likely in Dorburn.
A heavy sense of dread settled over him.
He attempted to rise, intent on joining the search for Stella, but Cordell pressed him back down.
Neville chimed in, Matthew, youre barely on your feet. Look after yourself first.
We have plenty of people out there looking for Stella.
Your health is just as crucial.
Taking a deep breath, Matthew reined in his panic and addressed Fernando with a sharp tone.
Ensure were monitoring everyone connected to this.
We cant afford to slip up now.
Stella took her freshly drawn designs to Howards room and handed them to him.
These are my designs for the suit, Mr.
Archer.
Please take a look.
If nothing needs to be amended, then let my mother and me leave.
Howard sat in his chair with his back to Stella.
There was a moment of silence, and then he said, You worked so hard.
Especially considering you were pregnant.
It must have been quite exhausting.
Stellas face paled.
However, she quickly regained her composure and said, There are many women who work even while pregnant.
Theres no need to be concerned about that, Mr.
Archer.
If you truly care, then just let us leave.
Howard burst into laughter at this, his voice echoing throughout the room.
Youve been staying in this castle for a while now.
Dont you think you should have grown used to it? Castles like this are a rare luxury in Seamarsh.
I could even gift it to you if you want.
Stella shook her head and said, I cant accept something I havent earned.
I dont want it.
She then frowned thoughtfully and stared intently at the back of Howards head.
Something felt off about him. He hadnt turned to face her, and his voice sounded rougher than usual.
However, she didnt dwell too long on it as she thought it was a result of his recent illness.
Seemingly probing into her life, Howard asked, I heard you lost your father at a young age.
Do you have any memories of him? Did he ever take you to any special places? Stella answered each question with a curt I dont know.
She didnt reveal that she had memory issues.
Howards interest in her private life suddenly left her feeling wary.
Howard.
paused briefly and then continued, I heard Matthews feelings for you seem to have waned.
There are many men from prominent families who would be happy to have you.
Youre young and beautiful.
You really should start planning your future.
A wave of disgust washed over Stella, and she coldly said, My personal affairs are none of your concern, Mr.
Archer.
Now she was certain that there was something certainly strange about Howard.
###chapter2476
Determined to take control of the conversation, she asked, Why did you bring me here, Mr.
Archer? Do you have any conflict of interest with Matthew? Howard remained unfazed by her apparent coldness.
Calmly, he said, I dont have any interest in Matthew.
You, on the other hand… Lets just say my feelings for you are different.
Stellas face darkened in anger, and she warningly said, Watch yourself, Mr.
Archer! You misunderstand me.
My feelings are not of the nature you assume them to be.
I just admire your talent and courage.
If you do decide to leave Matthew, I will do everything within my power to help you.
Stella took a step toward the chair and said in a voice as hard as stone, ILL say it again.
Release me, Mr. Archer.
I dont need you meddling in my life.
With that, she turned around and stormed out of the room, unwilling to waste her time on this strange man.
In the study, Declan stared at the partition across from him.
Sanford stepped out slowly from behind it.
Declan fixed his gaze on Sanford and asked, Sanford, you heard everything, didnt you? Id advise you to move on from Stella while you still have the chance.
Our focus should be on achieving what we came here for.
Sanfords face remained composed as he replied calmly, Youre overthinking this.
My actions toward Stella are simply out of respect for Kori.
Declan scoffed coldly, the sound dripping with disbelief.
A dangerous glint flickered in his eyes as he said, If we cant get the information I need from Stella, I wont hesitate to keep her confined here for the rest of her life.
If I cant have what I want, no one else will either.
Sanford remained silent, but his emotions surged like a raging storm beneath his composed exterior.
Declan stood, adjusted his clothes with deliberate precision, and announced, The upcoming birthday banquet is your last opportunity.
If you fail to get what I need by then, Ill handle Stella myself.
Without waiting for a response, Declan strode out of the study, leaving Sanford standing there, his anger simmering as he watched the door close behind him.
Moments Later, Sanfords phone buzzed.
It was Lindsay.
Annoyance flickered across his face as he hesitated, and then finally answered the call.
On the other end, Lindsays voice was excited and hurried.
Sanford! Stellas gone-shes missing! This is your chance to make her disappear for good.
Make sure she never finds her way back into Matthews life. You know as well as I do, once shes out of the picture, I can finally have Matthew all to myself… Lindsay rambled on, her words spilling out in a frantic stream, but when Sanford remained silent, her nerves began to fray.
She paused, and then asked sharply, Sanford, are you backing out on me? If you dont help me, Ill make sure Stella finds out the truth about everything.
If I cant have happiness, neither can she! In a matter of minutes, Sanford had endured threats from both Declan and Lindsay, and his patience was at its breaking point.
Anger flared in his chest, and his jaw tightened as he gritted out, Dont worry.
Ill keep my word.
At Howards birthday banquet, just make sure Matthew is there.
By then, your dream will become a reality.
Relief flooded Lindsays voice as she exclaimed eagerly, Alright! Ill make it happen.
I promise, Ill keep your secret safe..
Sanford, unwilling to hear another word, cut the call abruptly.
###chapter2477
His mind turned cold and calculating as a chilling thought surfaced: only the dead can keep secrets.
Taking a moment to compose himself, Sanford dialed another number.
When the call connected, he spoke with steely calm.
Is everything ready? After receiving confirmation, his eyes darkened with resolve.
His voice was low but commanding as he ordered, Proceed.
Meanwhile, Matthew and Neville were relentlessly searching for Stella across Dorburn.
Every lead, every rumor was pursued, yet no trace of her could be found.
Even Whitney had joined the effort, scouring every property Howard was known to frequent, but their search proved fruitless. Desperation pushed Matthew to seek out Pamela, hoping she might hold a clue.
However, her indifferent response offered nothing useful, leaving him more frustrated than ever.
With no options left, Matthew returned to the hotel, holding onto a fragile hope that some news of Stella would eventually reach him.
Days passed in tense silence until one morning, Neville burst into Matthews room, his face grim and his tone urgent.
Matthew! Weve got a lead.
Its about the attack on you in Sothrea.
Neville paused briefly before continuing, We tracked down the doctor who treated you and Lindsay back then.
That doctor..
well, he accepted a bribe.
As he spoke, Neville cautiously observed Natthews expression, his tone hesitant and uncertain.
This was a sensitive matter-it involved Lindsay, and Neville clearly remembered how reckless Matthew had been for her when he first returned.
Matthew, growing impatient with Nevilles hesitation, pressed him to get to the point.
Sensing the urgency, Neville quickly continued, The doctor revealed that Lindsays Leg injury wasnt as severe as it appeared.
Yes, she was injured at the time, but it wasnt serious enough to leave her disabled.
Neville added, I also Looked into Ronan and found out he received a payment as well.
The money originated from Lyllmann.
At this, Matthews eyes narrowed, and he asked sharply, The Charles family? Neville shook his head and replied, I cant say for certain its the Charles family, but in Lyllmann, there are few with the power to orchestrate something like this. Neville hesitated, considering whether to suggest that Matthew have Lindsays legs re-examined to determine if she was exaggerating her injury.
Just as he was about to speak, a knock sounded at the door.
Matthews heart leapt as he thought it might be news about Stella.
He jumped up to answer, but when he opened the door, he found Lindsay sitting in her wheelchair instead.
His expression darkened, and his tone carried a sharp edge of displeasure.
What are you doing here? Lindsays excitement had been radiating-until she met his cold, detached gaze.
The joy on her face vanished in an instant.
She opened her mouth to speak but paused when her eyes Landed on Neville.
###chapter2478
Quickly composing herself, she put on a polite smile and greeted him warmly.
Mr.
Pierce, I didnt realize you were here.
Matthew, already impatient, cut her off curtly.
Why are you here? Lindsay blinked, momentarily thrown off, before remembering the purpose of her visit.
She quickly explained, Matthew, I wanted to talk to you about Howards birthday party.
Hell definitely be there, so even if Stella doesnt show up, well have a chance to confront him and ask about her.
Though she wasnt entirely sure of Sanfords plan, Lindsay was confident that with his help, Stella wouldnt escape unscathed.
The thought brought a satisfied grin to her face.
But when she turned to Matthew, her confidence wavered. His expression was cold, detached, and completely indifferent to her excitement.
Unease crept into her voice as she asked, Matthew, whats wrong? Matthews gaze sharpened as he fixed his eyes on her and asked bluntly, Have you got your legs checked out yet? Lindsays heart skipped a beat, but she quickly masked her panic with a composed demeanor.
She replied calmly, That day, when you _ suddenly collapsed, I was so terrified that I completely forgot about it.
Now, with Stella still missing, my mind has been entirely focused on finding her.
My legs can wait.
Once everything is resolved, Ill do a check-up.
Matthew listened, his expression unreadable, before responding coolly, Lets do a check-up today.
The moment he suggested checking her legs, Lindsay immediately protested, her voice firm and unwavering.
Matthew, finding Stella is whats most important right now.
Theres no need to waste time on my legs.
Matthew, however, remained resolute, his tone serious and unyielding.
The reason I brought you to Dorburn was to have your legs examined.
Weve already delayed this for far too many days; it cant be postponed any Longer.
We1LlL do the check-up first.
Without waiting for her response, he pulled out his phone and called Fernando, his voice carrying an air of authority.
Fernando, arrange a car to take Lindsay to the hospital for a check-up.
Lindsay tried to stop Matthew, but it was already too Late.
Her heart raced uncontrollably as she caught the determined look in his eyes.
She couldnt help but wonder if he had already discovered the truth about her feigned disability.
What are you so afraid of? Matthew asked upon noting Lindsays flustered demeanor. Werent you the one who suggested we come to Dorburn for a check up? Lindsay faced Matthew squarely and forced herself to remain calm.
I didnt want to trouble you.
Besides, with the urgency of finding Stella, I didnt want my leg issues to slow us down.
While Lindsay tried to sound convincing, Matthew was no longer fooled by her excuses.
When Fernando received Matthews call about taking Lindsay for a check-up, he immediately sensed something was amiss and suspected Lindsays leg issues had more to it than she let on.
The car ride to the hospital was fraught with tension.
Everybody remained silent.
Upon arrival, Fernando wheeled Lindsay into the examination room, following closely behind Matthew.
The moment they entered, Lindsay realized all the doctors had been replaced.
###chapter2479
Her anxiety peaked.
Matthew, I dont want to be examined here! she protested.
Id much prefer Ronan.
Miss Wheeler, these are five of the top specialists in leg injuries, Fernando reassured her from the side.
Theyre far more skilled than Ronan.
Lindsays complexion blanched.
Proceed with the examination, Matthew instructed Fernando, his tone still cold.
Despite Lindsays weak protests, the specialists began their comprehensive assessment.
Your Leg muscles and bones are in good condition, one of the doctors said after the examination.
Though there was an injury, your recovery has been remarkably complete.
You are fully capable of walking.
1 It might also be necessary to assess your psychological well-being, another doctor suggested. At that, Lindsay lost her composure.
I was faking it all along! she shouted, throwing the medical device she was holding to the floor.
Tears began to well up as she broke down.
My legs had healed back in Sothrea, she confessed.
Matthew, you were suffering from amnesia at that time.
I saw it as an opportunity to show you how much I sacrificed for you.
I thought feigning my disability would win your sympathy.
As Lindsay spoke, tears streamed down her face.
Matthew remained stoic but gave Fernando a discreet nod.
Fernando understood the cue and ushered the doctors out, leaving Lindsay and Matthew in privacy.
Lindsay stood, approached Matthew, and took his hand.
Ive had feelings for you for so long, but I always felt I wasnt good enough for you, she said softly.
Thats why I left the country, to better myself, to become someone who could stand beside you.
But upon my return, I discovered you were married.
That too, to someone who, frankly, doesnt deserve a place in the Clark family! As Lindsay disparaged Stella, Matthews expression grew increasingly stern.
Lindsay was oblivious to the change in his demeanor as she continued to vent her frustrations about Stella.
What is your connection to the Charles family? Matthew interjected, looking at Lindsay intently.
Lindsay froze for a moment, the question catching her off guard.
But she quickly shook her head and replied firmly, I dont know anyone from the Charles family.
I really dont know.
Matthews eyes narrowed as he carefully studied her face, searching for even the slightest hint of dishonesty.
After a brief pause, his voice dropped, deliberate and cold.
The attack on me in Sothrea wasnt random.
It was meticulously planned.
Dont even think about lying.
Tell me-whos been helping you behind the scenes? Lindsays heart skipped a beat, and a name rose unbidden to her mind: Sanford. But she knew she couldnt reveal him.
Not yet.
If she exposed him now, shed lose her strongest lifelineand with it, any chance of securing her future.
Her silence only deepened Matthews suspicion.
His tone sharpened as he pressed her again.
Have you made up your mind? Whos helping you? Lindsay bit her lip, weighing her options, before stubbornly lifting her gaze.
No one helped me.
Everything was my idea.
I acted alone.
Matthew realized he wouldnt get anything useful out of herat least, not now.
Turning to Fernando, who had just entered the room, he instructed, Lindsays legs still need treatment.
Assign more people to ensure shes well taken care of.
###chapter2480
Fernando nodded and gently escorted the sobbing Lindsay out of the examination room.
Left alone, Matthew stood in the quiet room, his brows furrowed in deep thought.
He had hoped to use Lindsay to uncover someone linked to the Charles family, but it wasnt going to be that simple.
As he calmed himself, a troubling thought crept into his mind: everything seemed, to be falling into place far too smoothly.
They had been investigating for so long without finding any leadsso why was progress suddenly happening now? Could it mean the Charles family was planning something big and deliberately leaving a trail? Or was this all just a coincidence? The more Matthew dwelled on it, the more his head throbbed with frustration.
He forced himself to stop overthinking-he couldnt afford to let his body fail him again or risk slipping into unconsciousness, not until Stella was found.
Matthew returned to the hotel from the hospital.
The moment he stepped into the lobby, he ran into Bennett.
Seeing Bennett brought someone else to Matthews mind-someone he hadnt thought about in a while: Sanford. Without hesitation, he asked, Bennett, do you know where Sanford is? Bennett Looked up and replied, I heard there was an urgent issue over at Sanz Group, so Sanford went there.
After answering, Bennett studied Matthews expression with a hint of confusion.
Why are you suddenly asking about Sanford? Is there something urgent you need him for? I thought the two of you didnt get along.
Matthew shook his head slightly and replied, Its nothing.
I just remembered that Sanford is the design director of Sanz Group.
He knows a lot of people in Dorburn, and I figured he might offer some assistance in tracking down Stella and Bella.
Bennett Let out a sigh and said, Sanford knows about Stellas disappearance too.
Hes been investigating it, but so far, he hasnt found anything either.
At that moment, Fernando approached hastily, an elegant envelope in hand.
Mr.
Clark, he began, Howard has sent us an invitation to his birthday party.
He mentioned in the invitation that Stella is safe and warned us not to look for her anymore.
He said well see her at the party.
Bennetts face darkened with fury, and he couldnt contain his anger.
That Howard is shameless! When we find Stella, Im going to punch him so hard hell regret ever crossing us! Matthew didnt respond, but his expression was grim, his jaw set tight.
His eyes revealed a storm of worry and suspicion brewing within.
Meanwhile, Sanford had already been informed of everything concerning Lindsay.
In fact, the clues about Ronan and Lindsay had been deliberately leaked to Neville-by Sanford himself. He couldnt stand by and watch Lindsay continue her brazen behavior.
Now, his focus shifted to finding a way to sideline Declan.
Sanford knew that.only by neutralizing Declan could he ensure Stellas safety.
Sitting alone in his room, Sanford issued firm instructions to his men.
Keep a close watch on Declans every move.
Report anything to me immediately.
Howards birthday party began with grand splendor.
The venue was a masterpiece of elegance, glowing with golden Lights and adorned with ornate detailsa true spectacle to behold.
###chapter2481
The celebration was hosted in a mysterious castle, one that had never been open to the public before.
This enigma added a captivating allure to the event, making it even more exclusive.
Families from across the country treated the occasion with utmost seriousness, sending their most promising young heirs to represent them.
Each guest came with high hopes of making an impression, forging influential connections, and cementing their place in society.
Meanwhile, Stella and Bella, held captive within the castle walls, were entirely oblivious to the commotion surrounding the grand affair.
Early in the morning, the secretary had arrived with a cheerful smile, carrying Stellas gown for the evening.
Clutching Bellas hand tightly, as if it were her last anchor of reassurance, Stella reluctantly followed the secretary toward the banquet hall.
As they moved through the corridors, Stellas curious gaze wandered, taking in the grandeur around her.
Just as they reached the threshold of the party, her eyes caught sight of someone unexpected-Howard.
It had been a long time since shed seen him.
To her surprise, Howard was seated in a wheelchair. Even more perplexing was the fact that he wasnt wearing the suit she had designed for him.
Howard appeared pale, his expression tinged with weariness, hinting at a recent struggle.
The other day, during a conversation with Stella, Howard had unintentionally let slip some information about Matthew.
The slip had not gone unpunished-he had been harshly disciplined, leaving his legs aching from the ordeal.
Had it not been for the necessity of his appearance at the birthday celebration, Howard likely wouldnt have attended at all.
Despite his physical discomfort, Howards thoughts were clouded with confusion about the Charles familys true intentions toward Stella.
Yet, outwardly, he masked his turmoil with his usual polite demeanor.
With a warm smile, he greeted her, Ms.
Anderson, its been a while.
You look absolutely stunning tonight.
Stella returned the greeting with equal courtesy.
Good evening, Mr.
Archer.
As if in passing, she inquired, Mr.
Archer, why are you in a wheelchair? Are you unwell? Howard hesitated, casting a fleeting glance at the secretary nearby before responding, Ah, Ive been a bit under the weather.
One night, I got up and had an unfortunate fall.
Hurt my legs.
Just my Luck.
Stella gave him a cursory reply, her tone polite but distant.
You should take better care of yourself.
Yet, inwardly, she couldnt ignore the fleeting glance Howard had exchanged with the secretary.
It was subtle, but it left an impression.
To Stella, it seemed as though Howard was taking cues from the secretary, as if the secretary held the real authority in this dynamic.
Howard, however, appeared oblivious to her growing suspicions. His smile remained intact as he said warmly, Enjoy yourself tonight.
Youve been through a lot recently.
After tonight… I dont think well be crossing paths again.
With those parting words, he turned his wheelchair and quietly moved away, his expression unreadable.
The secretary stepped forward without hesitation, his professional demeanor firmly in place as he escorted Stella into the banquet hall.
Inside, Stella was greeted by a dazzling spectacle.
The room was alive with energy, filled with young elites dressed to perfection.
Women adorned in breathtaking gowns sparkled like blooming flowers, each vying to outshine the others with their beauty and presence.
Amidst the vibrant scene, Stella couldnt shake the unease growing within her.
The grandeur of the event seemed almost too elaborate, too calculated.
What was the true purpose behind this birthday party? The secretary led Stella to a designated seat, his voice as polished as ever.
###chapter2482
Please make yourself comfortable.
Ill leave you to enjoy the evening.
With that, he turned and walked away.
Bella, glancing nervously at the bustling hall, couldnt conceal her unease.
Stella, do you think Matthew and the others even got the invitation? Or..
what if Matthew still hasnt woken up? Stellas brows furrowed as she considered Bellas concerns.
After a moment of thought, she replied calmly, I dont think theyd lie about something like this.
If they invited us to the party, it must be part of a bigger plan.
Lets wait and see. Reassured by her own reasoning, Stella led Bella to a relatively quiet corner of the hall, where they both sat down to wait.
But as time passed, their unease only deepened.
Not only was there still no sign of Matthew, but even the secretary and Howard had vanished without a trace.
Stella felt a growing unease creeping over her.
After a moment of contemplation, she decided it might be wiser to take the initiativeperhaps walking around would help her gather some useful information.
She stood and gestured for Bella to follow as they began meandering through the banquet hall.
However, most of the conversations they overheard revolved around the food, the wine, and other superficial small talk.
There was nothing even remotely connected to the Archer familys affairs.
Stellas already dwindling enthusiasm plummeted further.
With a resigned sigh, she turned to Bella and said, Mom, it doesnt seem like were going to learn anything useful here.
Lets just head back.
But just as they were about to Leave, a sudden commotion erupted in the hall.
The mingling crowd froze in surprise before scattering in all directions, startled by the unexpected disturbance.
Stellas heart skipped a beat.
Her first instinct was to protect the baby she was carrying, panic rising at the thought of someone colliding with her in the chaos.
Amid the chaos, she lost sight of Bella, and the two were separated.
Desperately scanning the crowd for her mother, Stella felt a sudden, firm grip on her wrist.
Before she could react, she was pulled into a dimly lit corridor.
Once she steadied herself, she turned sharply to see who had dragged her away. The figure before her was masked, their face completely concealed.
Her voice carried a wary edge as she asked, Are you one of Howards people? Why are you sneaking around like this? What do you want, me or Matthew? Her questions hung in the air, unanswered, as though she were speaking to a void, Unable: to shake her unease, Stella studied the mysterious figure intently.
Aftera long, tense moment, something about them struck her as oddly familiar.
Without thinking, she blurted out, You remind me of someone I know.
Sanford froze slightly at her words, his body stiffening for just a moment.
As it turned out, Declan had received urgent news about a problem with a business deal in Lyllmann shortly before the party began.
With no choice but to leave early, he instructed Sanford to stay behind and handle the situation.
Sanford didnt fully understand the plans Declan and Howard were concocting, but he was certain of one thing-whatever they were plotting, it wasnt good for Stella.
When he saw Stella arrive at the party, an uncontrollable urge to warn her took hold of him.
###chapter2483
Meanwhile, Stella noticed that the chaos in the banquet hall was finally beginning to subside.
Her mind, however, was consumed with thoughts of Bellas safety.
After commenting that the masked figure reminded her of someone she knew, she quickly lost interest in lingering any longer.
She convinced herself it must have been her imagination.
Being confined to the castle for so long had clearly made her see traces of Sanfords shadow in a complete stranger.
Growing impatient, she said curtly, If you dont have anything to say, let me go.
The man didnt release her wrist, but neither did he tighten his grip.
Just as Stella was about to lose her patience, the man finally spoke, his voice low and muffled.
Be careful. When Matthew shows up, Leave immediately.
Dont stay here any longer.
Hearing the person mention Matthew threw Stella off guard.
She opened her mouth to press for more answers, but before she could, the man abruptly let go of her wrist and turned to leave.
As she watched him retreat, something about his silhouette struck her as strangely familiar.
Instinctively, she wanted to follow him, but before she could take a step, Bella reappeared, having finally found her way back to her.
Stella was about to explain what had just transpired when Howard and his secretary approached them.
The secretarys gaze landed sharply on Stella, his tone cold and full of warning.
Ms.
Anderson, dont even think about trying to escape.
The castle is secured with lots of guards.
Without our authorization, you wont make it out.
He paused for emphasis before adding, And remember, youre carrying a child.
Dont do anything reckless.
Bellas face registered shock at the secretarys unexpected warning, confusion clouding her features.
With a subtle nod, Stella silently communicated to Bella that this was neither the time nor the place for questions.
Grasping the delicacy of the moment, Bella opted to hold her tongue, her curiosity momentarily shelved.
The unsettling dynamic between Howard and his secretary nagged at Stella, suggesting something clandestine was at play.
Before Howard could utter a word, the secretary preemptively issued a stern warning, his tone betraying their collective ignorance of the chaos that had erupted in the banquet hall earlier.
Could the mysterious man who had appeared and then vanished without a trace be not on the same side as them? If he wasnt part of their circle, then whose side was he on? Just then, a bodyguard approached swiftly and whispered to Stella, Maam, Matthews car has arrived at the entrance. A sigh of relief escaped Stella, though it was quickly shadowed by a creeping unease.
Meanwhile, at the castle gates, Matthew sat ready in his car.
He turned to Fernando and inquired, Everythings set on Nevilles end, right? Fernandos nod confirmed the plans were in motion.
Their brief moment of calm was shattered by the shrill ring of Fernandos phone.
He picked up immediately, his face turning stormy as the caller relayed the grim news.
Ending the call with a grave expression, Fernando relayed to Matthew, saying, Lindsays been taken away.
Our guys couldnt keep up.
Matthews expression hardened.
Who has she been rubbing shoulders with lately? he pressed.
###chapter2484
Though Lindsay had been under tight surveillance, Matthew had recently loosened the leash, hoping to flush out the mastermind in the shadows.
Memories of past inquiries hinted at the Charles familys possible involvement.
Fernando replied simply, It was Pamela.
Hearing this, Matthews frown deepened further.
After a moments thought, he instructed Fernando, Get the word out, find Lindsay.
Once shes safe, bring her back to Seamarsh.
Ill figure out our next move when I get back.
Meanwhile, Sanford also got the news of Lindsays disappearance just as he was about to unwind.
One of his men burst in, breathless.
We missed our chance. By the time we arrived, theyd already taken Lindsay.
A shadow fell over Sanfords face, a chilling premonition stirring within him.
Eyeing his subordinate, he questioned, Are you sure Declan took the flight to Lyllmann? With a swift nod, the man confirmed, He was on the morning flight.
Acknowledging the update, Sanford instructed, Stay in touch with our Lyllmann crew.
As soon as Declan touches down, stick to the plan.
Let me know immediately if theres any change.
The subordinate paused, his unease palpable.
In a hushed tone, he ventured, Could this stir trouble with Declan? Were following orders, but if this backfires, well be the ones to take the fall.
You and Declan are related, after all.
Sanford returned a silent, icy stare.
The man winced under his sharp gaze, promptly averting his eyes.
He quickly excused himself and hurried off to execute their strategy.
Back at the banquet hall, Stella watched intently as Matthew strode toward her, silhouetted against the Light flooding in.
Her heart was a tumult of conflicting feelings.
Nearby, Howards secretary observed Natthew with a knowing grin.
Matthew truly does care for you.
Stella, skeptical of his motives, countered crisply, Youre reading too much into it.
Matthew has lost his memory; any deep feelings for me are long gone, Hes in Dorburn, and since he was invited, showing up is just protocol.
The secretary held his tongue, yet a fleeting smirk crossed his normally stoic face, suggesting he had other schemes in mind.
Matthew reached them shortly.
His eyes briefly met Stellas before turning sharply toward Howard, filled with suspicion. Howard, he demanded icily.
Why are you spiriting away Stella and Bella like this? Howard, clearly caught off guard by Matthews pointed question, let out an awkward Laugh.
Mr.
Clark, I believe theres been a misunderstanding.
Both Stella and Bella are incredibly talented designersamong the best in Dorburn, in fact.
Ive always admired their work, both professionally and personally.
When I heard about your condition, I thought they might need some time to decompress.
So, I invited them to my estate for a few days to relax and recharge.
But Matthew wasnt buying it.
His tone remained cold and cutting as he countered, You werent the one who invited them, were you? His piercing gaze shifted to the secretary, dissecting him with a silent intensity, as though peeling back every false Layer to expose the truth.
###chapter2485
Howards composure faltered momentarily.
Panic flickered across his face before he forced a strained smile.
Youre joking, right? Stella has been staying at my castle these past few daystheres no one else involved.
His voice betrayed his unease, but he pushed forward, desperate to convince.
If you doubt me, youre welcome to ask Stella yourself.
Has she mentioned meeting anyone else recently? Sensing the tension in the room, Stella responded with measured calm.
The past few days at the castle have been… a very different kind of experience.
Its nothing like life in Seamarsh.
Stella maintained her composure and chose her words carefully.
She knew better than to reveal too much affection for Matthew, fearing it could make him a target.
Matthew acknowledged her with a slight nod before turning his attention back to Howard.
Thank you, Mr.
Archer, for looking after Stella and Bella these past few days.
However, weve been away from Seamarsh for quite some time now, and my family has missed her dearly. We wont impose on your hospitality any longer.
That said, let me wish you a happy birthday-weve brought you a gift.
As his words lingered in the air, Fernando stepped forward, presenting a beautifully wrapped package with practiced grace.
Matthew seized the moment, stepping closer to Stella and gently taking her arm.-With a glance, he motioned for Bella to follow.
He was ready to escort them out when a deep, authoritative voice rang out behind him.
Matthew, Stella, are you really going to Leave without even sharing a drink with me? Do you intend to disrespect an old man like me? The commanding tone stopped them in their tracks.
Stella instinctively turned her head, and the moment her eyes landed on the speaker, her expression froze.
Her widened eyes and stunned face betrayed her disbelief.
How could it possibly be him? Meanwhile, the secretarys reaction was immediate and telling.
He rushed forward without hesitation, his demeanor shifting entirely.
Offering his utmost respect, he stepped beside the man, supporting him with a reverence far greater than anything he had ever shown Howard.
Stellas gaze darted between the secretary and Declan, a realization dawning on her.
This manDeclan-was the secretarys true superior all along.
And yet, confusion bubbled within her.
Who exactly was Declan? Why did his presence seem to overshadow Howards so effortlessly? With the secretarys assistance, Declan slowly approached Stella, his steps deliberate and measured.
A warm, grandfatherly smile lit up his face as he spoke, his tone gentle yet commanding.
Stella, its been a while.
Have you truly forgotten me? Then, with a touch of theatricality, he introduced himself.
Im Declan Charles.
His demeanor was that of a benevolent elder addressing the younger generation, but Stella wasnt fooled.
She knew better.
There was no way this encounter was as innocent as it seemed.
Though her mind swirled with unanswered questions, Stella forced herself to maintain composure.
Offering a faint smile, she replied evenly, Sir, you do remind me of an old man I once helped.
But that man was just an ordinary person-nothing like someone of your status.
You must be confusing me with someone else.
Even as she tried to detach herself from her past with Declan, her thoughts betrayed her, shifting suddenly to Sanford.
Did he know the truth about Declans identity? She wondered silently, her unease growing.
It was as if Declan could read her thoughts. His smile took on a knowing edge as he spoke again, his tone calm and deliberate.
Ive only ever had one grandson, Stella.
Thats one truth Ive never hidden from you.
And my grandson… He paused intentionally, his gaze shifting toward Matthew, who had instinctively positioned himself protectively by Stellas side.
With a faint smile tinged with regret, Declan added, Its such a shame, Stella.
If things- hadnt gone so wrong back then, you might have become my granddaughter-in-Law.
Stella frowned at Declans words, her displeasure evident in the furrow of her brow.
Sir, please dont joke about things like this.
Her gaze briefly flicked to Howard, who seemed to have all but disappeared into the background.
It was becoming increasingly clear to her that the real host of tonights birthday celebration was none other than Declan.
Declan, however, remained unfazed and let out a soft chuckle.
Its fine if you dont want to be my granddaughter-in-Law, Stella.
Ive prepared a little gift for you.
I think youll find it quite to your liking.
###chapter2486
With that, he turned to his men and commanded, Bring that woman here.
Stellas curiosity was piqued.
As she wondered who he was referring to, her question was soon answered when Lindsay was escorted into the room.
The sight before Stella left her even more stunned.
Lindsay was no longer confined to a wheelchair.
She stood tall and steady on her feet, a clear indication that she could now walk perfectly well.
But despite her regained ability to stand, Lindsay looked utterly defeated.
Her complexion was ghostly pale, and her eyes were filled with fear and despair.
The moment Lindsay spotted Matthew, she cried out desperately as though he were her final lifeline, her voice trembling with desperation.
Matthew, please save me! I Love you! I love you more than Stella ever could! I was raised by Lucia! If anything happens to me, she wont be able to bear it! Declan turned to Stella with a smug grin.
Well, Stella, do you like my gift? Its not just a token to commemorate our meeting.
Its also my way of thanking you for keeping me company in the castle these past few days.
With a smirk, he asked, Are you curious how Lindsay is able to stand now? Perhaps you should ask your husband.
After all, she was taken directly from his care.
Though taken aback, Stella quickly regained her composure. Her tone remained calm:as she replied, Theres no need to ask.
Matthew arranged for Lindsay to receive medical treatment.
If she can walk again, thats wonderful news.
Declan chuckled at her calm response, his tone laced with mockery.
Oh, Stella, you really do understand Matthew so well.
If my grandson were to hear those words, I fear his heart might shatter into pieces all over again.
Now, look at this woman.
Shes done so many despicable things-she didnt just try to destroy your relationship with Matthew; she went as far as killing her own brother and framing you for it.
Dont you agree shes utterly vile? But dont worry-I can take care of her for you.
A chilling glint of malice flashed in Declans eyes as he spoke.
Stella was left momentarily speechless by the cascade of revelations.
While she had suspected some of it, hearing it confirmed so bluntly was overwhelming.
Lindsay, realizing Matthew wouldnt come to her rescue, grew frantic.
She turned to Stella, her voice trembling as she pleaded, Stella, please! Im begging you-let me go! I swear, Ill stay far away from Seamarsh.
Youll never have to see me again.
I dont want anything; I just want to live.
Ever since Matthews people took me, Ive endured nothing but mental torment every single day.
Declan, unfazed by Lindsays pitiful state, cast her a disdainful glance before turning back to Stella with a smirk.
Stella, I can make this problem disappear for you.
But in return, youll need to strike a deal with me.
Without a moments hesitation, Stella stood firm, her voice steady and resolute.
That wont be necessary.
If Lindsay has committed crimes, the Law will address them accordingly.
Theres no deep hatred between us, and truth be told, some of the trouble she caused has ended up working in my favor.
Declan arched an eyebrow at her composed response, a faint smile playing on his lips.
Stella, you truly are kindhearted.
He then shifted his attention to Matthew, his expression turning sly.
Matthew, heres the deal: you can only take one person with you todayLindsay or Stella.
The choice is yours.
Hearing those damning words, Lindsay let out a heart-wrenching cry, her fingers clutching at the Last vestige of hope. Matthew, you cant just walk away! Think of Lucia-shell be crushed.
And Declan? He wont harm Stella.
Hes just rattling our cages to scare us.
Matthews face clouded over, his tone icy.
Lindsay was useful only to ferret out her secret ally.
Now that weve milked that for all its worth, shes expendable.
If she heads back to Seamarsh, jails the only thing waiting for her.
Declan gave a firm nod, his demeanor unyielding.
Alright then.
Its settled.
Ill do you both a solid by taking this agitator off your hands for good.
With a casual flick of his wrist, Declan waved his men over.
Take Lindsay out of here.
No use letting her dampen the party spirit.
Lindsay kicked and screamed, hurling accusations at Stella as she was hauled away.
Youll get yours, Stella! This isnt going to end well for you! 
###chapter2487
Meanwhile, Stella and Matthew remained stoic, their gazes locked on Declan.
The suddenness of Declans actions had caught them off guard, leaving them scrambling mentally for what might come next.
With a few decisive words from Declan, Lindsays melodrama quickly became a sideshow.
The crowds interest shifted, now seeing her as nothing more than a misfortunate soul whod poked the bear one too many times.
Anyone who knew the Charles family understood that crossing them often spelled doom.
Declan turned his penetrating gaze to Howard.
His commanding voice left no room for backtalk.
This is your party, isnt it? Shake a leg and get things moving. We cant have folks milling about aimlessly.
Howards heart sank as he observed the exchange, but he managed to muster what Little poise he had left.
He began shepherding the whispering crowd away from the scene, striving to reinstate some semblance of normalcy.
After steadying the ship, he approached Declan, keeping his voice hushed.
Sir, the bands queued up.
How about we kick off with Stella and Matthew leading the opening dance? It might just brighten things up a bit.
Declan didnt utter a word, simply nodding slightly to signal his approval.
As Howard observed Declans approving nod, a surge of relief swept through him.
He spun toward Stella and Matthew, his expression etched with regret.
I deeply apologize for the earlier disruption.
Would you honor us by opening the dance floor? Its a chance for our guests in Dorburn to witness the grace of Seamarshs finesta cultural exchange, if you will.
Internally, Howard gave himself a pat on the back for the clever, though slightly makeshift, rationale hed just spun.
Stella, brimming with questions for Matthew, saw this as the perfect moment.
She nodded her consent.
Matthew had no reservations, either.
With their agreement, Howard exhaled in relief and quickly set about putting the rest of the event in order.
As the first notes of the soft melody began to weave through the room, Stella and Matthew glided onto the dance floor, their movements a flawless echo of each other.
While they danced, Stella kept a watchful eye on the hall. Declan hadnt budged; his gaze fixed on them with intense scrutiny.
Wary of Declans sharp eyes possibly reading their lips, Stella tilted her head slightly closer to Matthew, allowing for a more private conversation amidst the public spectacle.
Stellas main worry was Matthews health.
Her voice was gentle when she asked, Are you sure youre okay? Matthew gave a small nod and said, Im fine.
Stella could tell immediately that he wasnt being honest.
She knew him too well to believe that answer.
Though she knew getting the truth from him would be hard, she didnt back down.
She pressed on, determined not to let it go.
Did you know Declan was going to show up here? 
###chapter2488
Matthews brow furrowed for a moment before he replied, No.
Stella didnt hesitate to ask another question.
And Lindsay? Did you expect her to be part of this? Natthew shook his head.
I had no idea.
Stellas heart dropped as she listened to his answers.
A wave of worry and fear washed over her, gripping her tightly.
He had come here without any plan, no backup at all.
How could he possibly get out of this in one piece? On top of that, Declans calm, collected demeanor made it clear that he had thought this through, every step of the way.
Stella didnt want to die, but the thought of Matthew risking his life to save hers felt even more unbearable.
As the weight of her thoughts pressed on her, tears gathered in her eyes. Her throat tightened, a Lump of emotion she couldnt swallow.
Her mind spun in circles, scrambling for a way to escape the mess they were in.
But no matter how hard she tried, nothing came to her-no plan, no answer.
Matthew noticed her discomfort.
With a gentle hand, he lifted her chin, meeting her gaze with a tenderness she rarely saw from him.
Youve endured so much these past few days, he said quietly.
I promise, I wont let anything happen to you or Bella.
He paused, and then slowly bent down to kiss her.
His lips met hers with gentle certainty.
For once, Stella didnt pull back, and there was no trace of shyness in her.
She closed her eyes and kissed him back with equal intensity as if to say she wasnt afraid.
If this truly was the end, Stella thought, all she wanted was to hold Matthew and kiss him like this, feeling his warmth one last time.
Meanwhile, Sanford hurried to the banquet hall, having just heard that Declan had arrived.
The moment he entered, his eyes fell on Matthew and Stella, locked in a tight embrace, their lips meeting in a kiss full of longing.
It felt like a dagger had pierced his chest, a sharp and sudden pain flooding through him.
Just then, Declans cold voice cut through the silence.
Sanford, take a look.
This is the woman youve been protecting, even going so far as to plot against your own grandfather for her.
Sanford snapped out of his trance, jolted by Declans words.
He turned slowly, his voice softening, almost pleading. Grandpa, please, stop.
The wealth and power of the Charles family in Lyllmann are more than enough to see you through the rest of your days.
Why are you still chasing after something that isnt yours? Declans face darkened, fury overtaking him.
His eyes narrowed, and he shouted sharply, Sanford, you have no right to lecture me! After this party, I want a full account of everything youve been doing.
He shot a cold glare at his secretary and said, Take him away.
But Sanford didnt budge.
He stood firm, refusing to move an inch.
A sneer twisted on Declans lips as he spoke.
I havent told Stella who you are.
Are you sure you want to stay here and risk it all? Sanfords jaw tightened, but he stood his ground, his voice unwavering.
###chapter2489
Grandpa, Im asking you to stop.
Dont make things worse than they already are.
Declans fury flared at Sanfords defiance.
Without warning, his hand shot up and slapped Sanford across the face with force.
The loud music from the dance floor swallowed the sound of the slap, leaving the chaos unnoticed.
The guests around them were lost in the rhythm of the music, oblivious to the scene unfolding nearby.
Stella pressed herself tightly against Matthew, feeling the steady beat of his heart.
Her voice shook with fear.
If something happens to us..
what will your>grandparents do? A look of regret crossed her face as she spoke again, her words heavy with sorrow.
If I had known it would come to this, I wouldve agreed to divorce you back then.
Maybe none of this would be happening now. As the music played its final notes, Stellas anxiety tightened in her chest.
She had no idea what awaited them once the dance was over.
Matthew gently patted Stellas back.
Youre not going to die, he said, his voice a soothing blend of softness and resolve as he reassured her.
From the moment I walked in here, I was ready for anything.
Ill make sure you leave here safely.
But I dont know if Ill make it out alive.
Stella lifted her head and met Matthews gaze.
Do you have a plan? she asked, her voice tinged with hope and fear.
You always think things through before making a move.
Can you share the plan with me? Maybe I can help.
Dont worry about it.
Matthew shook his head slightly, his expression unreadable.
Once you leave here, just make sure to take care of yourself.
Eat well and sleep well.
No, were Leaving together.
Stellas response was firm.
Theres something important I need to tell you when we leave here.
She thought about the news of her pregnancy, planning to share it with Matthew once they were out of immediate danger.
Alright, you can tell me when were out of here.
Matthew grasped Stellas hand firmly, his voice gentle yet decisive.
As the last strains of music faded, Stella glanced toward where Declan had been earlier.
To her surprise, she noticed Sanford standing there as well.
Before she could comment, a piercing scream shattered the tranquility.
Stellas heart raced, and she turned to see what had happened, but Matthew quickly enveloped her in his arms.
He covered her eyes with his hand and guided her back. Dont look, he whispered urgently.
The dull thud that followed wrenched at Stellas heart.
The banquet hall erupted into chaos, and soon enough, the air was filled with screams and the sound of scrambling feet.
The commotion created a disorienting cacophony.
However, since the Charles family and Howard were also-present, the guests didnt dare to lose control despite being terrified.
Stella.
tried to catch snippets of conversation through the noise but found it impossible to discern anything clearly.
What happened? she asked anxiously, turning to Matthew.
Lindsay is dead, Matthew responded slowly, his face a mask of grim resolve.
His eyes were fixed on Declan, who stood not far away, his expression stoically detached.
Sanford, by contrast, appeared utterly stunned.
Did Lindsay jump to her death? Stella tugged at Matthews hand, her voice tinged with disbelief.
###chapter2490
You dont have to look.
Matthew sighed deeply, his voice low.
This is Declans message to us, a grim warning.
Youve never witnessed death so closely.
Dont let him manipulate your emotions.
He wants to demonstrate that with a mere word, he can control fate.
A wave of fear surged through Stella, more intense than anything she had ever felt.
She was alarmingly close to the grim reality of death.
Matthew held her close, guiding her cautiously away from the unfolding chaos.
Just then, Fernando arrived, shielding Bella as they approached.
Bellas face was ghostly pale, and she seemed visibly shaken by the ordeal.
Meanwhile, Howard took charge, addressing the anxious crowd with a forced calm.
Everyone, please, remain calm.
This was a tragic accident, he said, managing a weak smile.
Lindsay had only recently recovered from a leg injury.
It seems she slipped while climbing the stairs.
Perhaps its time to consider remodeling the staircases of this castle. Who knows who might be the next to need a wheelchair? We will handle this situation with all due haste.
Though Howards explanation seemed far-fetched, his presence in a wheelchair added an odd Layer of plausibility to his words.
The guests, still rattled, shared their condolences for Lindsay and reminded one another to tread carefully on the stairs.
Stella finally opened her eyes, and the horrific sight that met her was Lindsays lifeless body.
It was splayed grotesquely on the floor, surrounded by a stark pool of blood.
Even though Stella had never been fond of Lindsay, she would never have wished harm upon her, let alone death.
Her hand flew to her mouth as a wave of nausea rolled through her, threatening to overtake her.
Her breath came in sharp gasps, and the edges of her vision turned crimson as if her anger and grief were coloring the world itself.
Declan approached the scene with maddening nonchalance, his steps unhurried, his expression untouched by even a flicker of remorse.
His gaze swept over Lindsays lifeless body with the detached indifference one might show a broken vasean discarded, not a life extinguished.
It was all too clear; this was his way of sending a message.
To Stella and everyone else.
He wanted them to know just how easily he could snuff out a life, like blowing out a candle, and no one would dare hold him accountable.
Fury ignited in Stella, hot and consuming.
She jabbed a finger in Declans direction, her voice trembling with rage.
You killed her, she spat, her accusation slicing through the heavy silence.
Her eyes snapped to Sanford, narrowing with suspicion.
And you, were you in on this too? Sanford opened his mouth, fumbling for words, but they stuck in his throat like a fishbone.
Under Stellas fiery gaze, his defenses crumbled.
He knew what Stella was thinking.
To her, being part of Declans family made him guilty by association.
Declan, as cool as ever, shrugged off her words with an infuriating calm.
His voice, smooth and venomous, coiled around the room.
Lindsay fell.
An accident, plain and simple.
But if youre so desperate to point fingers, Stella, maybe start with yourself.
Shes dead because of you.
His voice held a sly, insidious edge, skillfully crafted to distort the truth and plant seeds of doubt in her mind.
Before.
Stella could respond, Matthew stepped in, his hands firm on her shoulders as he gently turned her to face him.
His voice was low but unwavering, carrying the weight of his conviction.
Dont buy into his lies.
Hes just spinning a web to trap you.
Lindsays death is on him, not you. His words were steadying, like an anchor in a storm, and Stella felt the fire in her veins cool, just a little.
She nodded, her voice calm but unyielding.
I know what hes doing.
Hes using the bad blood between me and Lindsay to try and break me.
But he wont.
Not this time.
Matthews grip on Stellas hand tightened briefly, and he leaned in, his voice dropping to a whisper meant only for her.
If things go south, grab Bella and follow Fernando.
Dont stop for anything.
Just get out.
Ill handle the rest.
A jolt of panic flashed across Stellas face.
She grabbed his arm, her voice urgent.
What about you? Matthew gave Stella a faint smile, though the tension in his jaw betrayed his calm exterior.
Gently prying her fingers from his arm, he said, I know what Im doing.
Trust me.
###chapter2491
Declan, catching wind of their hushed exchange, erupted into lLaughtera harsh, biting sound that sliced through the clamor of the banquet hall like a whip crack.
Well, well.
Are we strategizing over who gets to meet their maker first? Relax, I have no plans to turn this castle into a graveyardat least, not tonight.
Matthews brow furrowed deeply, his piercing gaze locking onto Declan.
Dont you think its time to drop the charade? Why drag us all here? Whats the endgame? A sly smile danced on Declans lips.
His eyes narrowed just enough to hint at mischief.
Matthew, weve barely had a proper heart-to-heart.
Youre the young CEO of Prosperity Group, crowned so young.
Surely, a man of your caliber has secrets worth learning.
Perhaps its time you gave meand my grandson, Sanforda lesson or two.
The boys going to need to fend for himself one day.
Matthews voice turned icy, sharp as a blade. If youve got something to say, spit it out.
Theres no need for theatrics or a change of scenery.
Declan let out a low chuckle, the kind that crawled under your skin.
Matthew, youre free to take Stella, but freedom isnt free, is it? Theres a price to pay.
With that, Declans secretary stepped forward, his expression as blank as a clean slate.
In his hands, he held a document, which he presented to Matthew with the utmost respect.
Matthews eyes swept over the page, and his jaw tightened.
It was an ownership transfer agreement-Declan was demanding every last one of his Prosperity Group shares.
Beside him, Stella felt the ground shift beneath her.
Panic surged in her chest, and she clutched Matthews arm as if anchoring herself.
Her eyes burned with determination and worry as she hissed, Matthew, dont sign that.
Absolutely not! Matthew offered a gentle pat on Stellas hand, a silent plea for calm.
I know what Im doing, Stella.
He then locked eyes with Declan and said, Let Stella and Bella leave safely, and I1lL sign the agreement.
Stellas reaction was immediate and visceral.
Matthew, have you lost your mind? Why would you throw away everything just to keep us safe? Bella quickly intervened, her voice thick with urgency as she faced Declan.
Look, if its money youre after, take my studio, take all my intellectual property.
Just let them go, please.
Declans reply was chillingly dismissive.
Im dealing with Matthew here.
The rest of you should back off.
He then nodded at Sanford.
Sanford, get Stella and Bella out of here.
You know them; itll make Matthew more comfortable.
Stella stood her ground, her voice resolute. No way Im leaving.
Im staying right here with Matthew.
Sanford caught the steadfastness in Stellas gaze, a tug at his heartstrings making words seem pointless.
He exhaled deeply and surrendered.
Alright, Ill stay.
Someone else will need to escort Stella.
Stella ignored him, her focus unwavering on Matthew.
She harbored no ill will toward Sanford.
She understood that people had their loyalties, their people they must protect.
If the roles were reversed, she might have made the same hard choices.
The secretary attempted to usher Stella and Bella out by force.
Matthews glance toward Stella was fleeting yet filled with conflict.
###chapter2492
Fernando, go with them, he instructed, his voice steady.
Understood, Mr.
Clark, Fernando responded.
This was a part of the pre-laid plan they had concocted before storming the castle.
Fernando tried to coax Stella away, adding a bit of blunt honesty to sway her.
Mrs.
Clark, come on.
Sticking around here just makes things harder for Mr.
Clark.
The words struck Stella sharply, yet she remembered her earlier conversation with Matthew.
Reluctantly, she knew it was time to step back. Stellas fingers slipped from Matthews as she reluctantly agreed, Fine, Ill go with Fernando.
But Matthew, Ill wait for you.
Remember what you promised.
Matthew offered a small nod, his eyes a mix of determination and a silent vow that spoke Louder than words.
As Fernando and Bella escorted Stella away, a single tear threatened to escape her resolve, but she held it back, her face a mask of forced composure.
Bella squeezed Stellas hand, trying to weave some comfort through their intertwined fingers as they settled into Fernandos car.
The vehicle rolled off, carrying them through the castles gates into the enveloping darkness of the night-thick, Like ink spilled across the horizon.
Sitting in the quiet hum of the car, Stella rested her hand on her stomach, a silent prayer for Matthews safe return mingling with her breaths.
Meanwhile, back in the stark grandeur of the banquet hall, Matthew faced Declan and his legion of guardsalone, yet undaunted.
Declans voice broke the tense silence.
Ive done as promised and sent them away safely.
Now, Matthew, its your turn.
Sign the agreement, he said, a smirk playing at the corners of his mouth.
He leaned in, adding, And just so you know, I dont really care about Prosperity Group.
Once Stella recalls the treasure maps location, Ill hand it right back.
But until then, youre coming with us to Lyllmann.
Matthews response was ice cold.
Im not signing anything.
The pieces fell into place for Matthew; Declans true motives were clear now.
Before this confrontation, Sanford had secretly allied with Matthew, originally to confront Howard.
Now, with Declan as their new adversary, the strategy remained unchanged.
Declans face twisted into a scowl at Matthews defiance.
With a flick of his wrist, the guards lifted their weapons, aiming squarely at Matthew.
Yet, Matthews expression remained stoic, his gaze unwavering. Declans frustration boiled over as he bellowed.
Do you grasp the gravity of your situation, Matthew? At my command, your life ends! But Matthew stood firm, his voice steady.
Declan, you value that map far more than my life.
You wont kill me-not yet.
The air thickened with tension, the standoff a palpable force between them, each man locked in a battle of wills and wits.
After a while, it dawned on Declan that killing Matthew was off the table.
Resigned, he muttered, Alright, I wont kill you.
But locking you up for life? That I can do.
He smirked, his voice dripping with malice.
Without you, the Prosperity Group will crumble.
Without you, Stellas heart will break.
And then… Before he could finish his threat, a breathless aide rushed in, exclaiming, 
###chapter2493
Sir, theres a helicopter circling the castle, Loaded with explosives! This was Matthews trump card.
He had steeled himself for a catastrophic showdown if needed, using it to shake Declan and snatch a slender chance at survival.
Fury painted Declans face a fiery red as he bellowed, Catch him! Make sure he doesnt slip through our fingers! Suddenly, a series of Loud explosions shattered the air outside.
The guests erupted into chaos, scattering in all directions as screams sliced through the confusion.
Amidst the bedlam, a determined group made their way in and swiftly located Matthew.
Their leader, eyes wide with urgency, implored, Mr.
Clark, weve come to rescue you.
Lets move, now! Just as Matthew was about to follow, a gunshot split the noise.
Pain exploded in his abdomen like a bomb.
He glanced down to see his shirt blossoming with blood. But he clenched his teeth and roared to his rescuers.
Get out of here! Leave me! Declan, spotting Matthews distress, was eager to seize him.
Yet, just then, he felt a chilling whisper.
Im sorry, Grandpa.
Before Declan could turn, Sanfords hand delivered a swift, crippling chop to his neck.
Blackness swallowed Declan whole as he crumpled silently.
Sanford inhaled sharply, and then called out firmly, Fall back! Elsewhere, Fernando was driving Stella to safety according to plan.
He casually broke the news.
Mr.
Clark made it out safely.
Hearing this, relief flickered across Stellas face, though her voice carried a shadow of doubt.
Was this all prepped ahead of time? It seemed like Matthew was just winging it, thrashing around without a plan.
As Fernando deftly maneuvered the car, he filled Stella in.
Since you disappeared, Mr.
Clark has been moving chess pieces.
Hes shuffled people from Seamarsh-Bennett and Neville organized their own squads.
And Whitney? She went deep, planted moles among the guests.
Trust me, Mr.
Clark had everything charted out.
Though Stella knew they were well-prepared, a whisper of unease lingered.
She tried to quell her anxiety but it clung stubbornly to her.
A dull ache began to nag at her abdomen, bearable but bothersome. Beside her, Bella looked worse for wear, her face ashen, lips sealed in silence.
The car sped toward a hospital, a stronghold under Whitneys command.
Matthews men, vigilant and numerous, fortified it like a bastion.
Any brash move by Declan or Howard would undoubtedly stir a hornets nest, escalating the chaos.
Fernando pulled up smoothly at the hospitals main entrance.
Stella wasted no time, urging, Fernando, please make sure they check on my mom first.
Together, the trio exited the car.
At that moment, another vehicle arrived, disgorging its occupants who were swiftly encircled by a waiting group.
From her vantage point, Stella could only see their backs, a troubling sight that tightened the knot in her stomach.
She turned to Fernando, concern etching her features.
Did something happen? 
###chapter2494
Fernando shook his head, unaware of any new developments.
He proceeded with the plan, escorting Stella and Bella inside for a quick check-up before their flight back to Seamarsh.
Despite the reassurances, Stellas intuition screamed that trouble was brewing.
Her heart thudded against her chest, echoing her fears.
Fernando had picked up on the unease in Stellas expression too, but his immediate focus was getting Stella and Bella comfortably situated.
Once they reached the examination room, the doctor Fernando had called in was already there, swiftly tending to Bella.
Outside, Stella ran into Miley, who Looked harried and noticeably shaken.
She scanned Stella anxiously before blurting out, Stella, are you alright? Im fine.
Stella nodded, her concern shifting outward. And everyone else? Whats happening with Matthew and the others? Miley could only offer a helpless shrug, her uncertainty palpable.
Neville had someone rush me here to get you back to Seamarsh first, Miley managed to say just as Fernando prepared to dash off to deal with yet another crisis.
Stella grabbed his arm, her eyes clouded with worry.
Whats going on with Matthew? Fernando stopped dead in his tracks, his face a mask of inner turmoil.
Reluctantly, after Stellas persistent probing, he admitted, Mr.
Clark is in surgery.
Its pretty grim.
Stellas heart sank.
She quickly turned to Miley, her voice firm despite the fear.
Please stay here with my mom.
I need to be there for Matthew with Fernando.
She and Fernando hurried to the surgical floor.
There, in the hallway, stood Neville, his white shirt a stark canvas of bloodstains, matching the grim splatters on the floor.
The ghastly sight spun Stellas head, a vivid flashback of Lindsays tragic end surfacing unbidden.
Battling the wave of nausea, Stella faced Neville.
Neville, are you hurt? Neville met her gaze, his eyes heavy with dread.
Its Matthews blood.
Hes bleeding heavily, and the clot in his brain needs urgent attention.
Were out of time.
Were running two operations simultaneously. Cordells dealing with the external trauma while Bradlys in the brain surgery.
Thankfully, Bradly had a jumpstart on the plan for the brain surgery, but everythings so rushed there was no time for updates.
Stella felt a chill spread through her hands, her voice trembling as she whispered, So youre saying Matthew might… Neville caught the mix of fear and hope in Stellas eyes, feeling a surge of sympathy wash over him.
He opened his mouth to speak, but words failed him.
Stella felt as if an invisible hand was clutching her heart, the pain almost unbearable.
She stood frozen in the hallway, her spirit seeming to evaporate, leaving her unable to speak.
Beside her, Neville remained silent, the weight of the moment hanging heavy around him.
Unsure of how to offer comfort, he chose to simply stand by her side.
Half an hour Later, Cordell emerged from the operating room, his face etched with fatigue.
###chapter2495
Stella rushed toward him, her voice laced with urgency.
Cordell, how is Matthew? With a weary gesture, Cordell removed his mask and slowly shook his head.
Its grim.
Hes lost a lot of blood and needs a transfusion immediately.
Moreover, the brain surgery is highly risky, with only a 60% chance of success.
Without a moments pause, Stella declared, Ill donate my blood! But her words hung in the air as she suddenly remembered her pregnancy prevented her from being a donor.
A wave of helplessness washed over her.
Quick to respond, Fernando interjected, I have the same blood type as Natthew.
Use mine.
Cordell nodded, signaling a nurse to prepare Fernando for the transfusion.
Stella, waiting in the corridor, paced anxiously. The operating room doors remained closed, and Fernando was nowhere in sight.
When Miley arrived and took in the tense scene, she immediately understood the gravity of the situation.
She kept her questions to herself, instead offering a quiet update.
Bella is resting now.
Everything is arranged.
Remembering Stellas pregnancy, Miley expressed concern.
Stella, you really should get some rest.
Stella shook her head, dismissing the suggestion outright.
Thus, Stella endured a grueling four-hour vigil in the hallway.
Finatly, Cordell returned, looking cautiously optimistic.
The surgery is complete.
For now, it appears successful, but the next few hours are crucial.
We must remain vigilant.
When the news came that the surgery had gone well, everyone exhaled a shared sigh of relief and lingered outside the hospital room.
Fernando, having given a hefty amount of blood, looked like hed seen a ghost and was clearly on his last legs.
Seeing how drained he was, Stella urged him with a soft touch of concern, Fernando, try to get some rest in the next room over.
Acknowledging with a weary nod, he knew hanging around wasnt going to help anyone.
With sluggish steps, he made his way to find some solace in sleep.
Meanwhile, Stella couldnt shake her anxiety.
A whirlwind of thoughts raced through her mind-she resolved that if Matthew just opened his eyes, shed let go of all their past squabbles.
Even if he didnt recognize her or pushed for a divorce, shed hold her peace.
His survival was paramount. At the crack of dawn, Cordell and Bradly emerged from their Latest vigil by Matthews bedside.
Their faces were a mix of exhaustion and cautious optimism.
Cordell broke the heavy silence.
Matthews past the worst of it.
ALL we can do now is wait for him to come around.
Remember, his memory might not make the comeback were hoping for.
Stellas heart soared with hope-memories or not, Matthew was still here.
Brimming with eagerness, she blurted out, I want to see him.
Cordell, nodding, issued a gentle reminder.
Keep it down when youre in there, and make it quick.
He needs all the peace we can give him.
###chapter2496
With a nod, she was allowed in.
The room held a faint scent of antiseptic and blood.
Matthew was there, lying motionless, his face a canvas of pallor.
Neville, spotting Stella, let his guard down a bit.
Stella turned to Neville and Miley with a firm nod.
Neville, take Miley back to the hotel for some rest.
Ill stick around here with Matthew.
She then made her way to the bed, eased into the chair beside it, and gently grasped Matthews hand.
The room was wrapped in silence as Stella looked at Matthew, her brow creased with worry yet tinged with relief that he had pulled through the worst. Then, a sharp pain jabbed at her abdomen.
She parted her lips, a torrent of unspoken words poised to spill out, yet all her fears and hopes shrank into a single plea.
Just wake up, Matthew, and I1Ll agree to anything.
News of the chaos at the castle had inevitably trickled out.
Lindsays death hadnt made much of a ripple, perhaps muddied by the complexities surrounding it.
Yet, the fierce showdown between Matthew and Declan caught the public eye like a wildfire.
Far away in Seamarsh, Waldo and Lucia also heard the news.
Overcome with worry, they quickly made plans to head to Dorburn, reaching out to Stella to let her know they were on their way.
Stella acknowledged their worry with a quiet acceptance.
Despite Matthews condition stabilizing, he hadnt regained consciousness.
Waldo and Lucia needed to see him with their own eyes to truly be at peace.
After ending the call, Stella returned to the sterile quiet of the hospital room to tend to Matthew.
She delicately drew back the blanket.
The sight of his bandaged torso, a stark reminder of his ordeal, brought tears to her eyes.
The wound had been dressed, but the bulky bandages spoke volumes about the depth of his injury.
Her heart heavy, she touched him with the utmost care, as if even the slightest pressure could deepen his pain.
Waldo and Lucia arrived at the hospital Later that afternoon.
The moment they stepped into the room and laid eyes on the unconscious Matthew, their faces crumpled in grief. Tears welled up as they took in the sight of their grandson, so still and pale.
Overwhelmed by the scene, Stellas voice broke with emotion.
Im so sorry.
Its my fault Matthew got injured-he was saving me.
Waldo and Lucia waved quickly, their hands cutting through the air as Waldo exclaimed, Stella, we dont blame you at all.
Memories of Lindsay brought a shadow of grief to their faces, but they held back their thoughts, not wanting to weigh down Stellas spirit.
This time, their task bore great significance: returning Lindsays ashes to her family and shedding light on the unfortunate events to the Wheeler family.
Under the vigilant care of Cordell and Bradly, Matthew showed signs of improvement, although consciousness still eluded him.
After thoughtful discussions and securing Cordells and Bradlys consent, they decided to transport Matthew from Dorburn to Seamarsh, hoping for breakthrough treatments.
###chapter2497
The night before their departure, Stella kept a solitary vigil by Matthews bedside in the hospital.
Out of the blue, her phone rang, flashing an unfamiliar number.
Intrigued, Stella answered.
Silence hung on the line after she connected, sending a shiver down her spine as she suspected it might be Sanford.
Sure enough, the silence was broken by a familiar voice, its low tones slicing through the quiet.
Stella, I know Matthew hasnt woken up yet.
I want to send my doctors over-maybe they can find a way to wake him up sooner.
Predictably, Stella rebuffed his offer.
She felt a complex brew of emotions toward Sanford, thinking they might have been friends if his lineage hadnt cast such a long shadow.
Sensing her coolness, Sanford quickly apologized.
Stella, Im really sorry. He didnt mention how he had tried to stop Declan and make amends.
After a pause, Stellas voice was tinged with skepticism as she asked, Were you really a student that my father sponsored? Sanford sighed, his voice tinged with regret.
That was just a ruse to get close to your father.
I hid my true identity right from the start.
But I wont deny, the time I spent with your family taught me much, and I felt the warmth of a real family.
For that, Im deeply thankful to both your parents.
Stella, having suspected as much, pressed him further.
So, what was your real agenda? Was I always a target for Declan? Sanfords response was resigned.
The Lowell family is rumored to have a treasure map, which was supposedly in Koris possession.
Thats what Declan was after all along.
Stellas brow furrowed in confusion.
Ive never heard of any treasure map.
Sanfords tone was Laced with a hint of bitterness.
It doesnt matter now.
I owe you more than I can ever repay.
From here on out, Im at your service, no strings attached.
But after this conversation, I plan to step back and not interfere in your life again.
Listening to him, Stellas emotions swirleda blend of relief and unresolved tension.
Since our paths diverged at the castle, theres no debt between us.
Its best we lead our separate lives.
There was a prolonged silence before Sanford finally spoke, his voice heavy.
Declan is dead.
He continued solemnly, In the chaos at the castle, Declan was hurt. Later I found out he was battling advanced liver cancer.
His desperation grew, pushing me to hasten our plans.
In a final, reckless attempt, he altered everything.
Ultimately, it was futile.
Stella absorbed his words, her heart heavy with a complex tapestry of feelings.
Ending the call, she inhaled deeply, feeling a tightness in her throat.
Her mind drifted to her first encounter with Declan-seemingly kind-hearted.
How starkly different that image was from their Last, violent meeting.
With a soft sigh, Stella acknowledged the cruel unpredictability of life.
The next day, a plane soared into the sky from Dorburn Airport, heading toward Seamarsh.
In a quiet, secluded corner of the airport, Sanford stood in silence, watching the plane climb higher and higher until it disappeared completely from view.
###chapter2498
Standing beside him, Dexter softly reminded, Sir, its time to return to Lyllmann.
Theres a lot awaiting your attention back home.
Sanford slowly withdrew his gaze, a moment of pause Lingering before he said, You go ahead and finalize everything with Stella before heading back to Lyllmann.
I dont think Ill ever see Stella again in this lifetime.
In Seamarsh, Waldo had made all the necessary arrangements in advance.
The moment the plane landed, Matthew was swiftly transported to the Clark family residence.
Bradly, employed with a generous offer, joined Cordell in overseeing Matthews recovery.
Stella remained by Matthews bedside day and night, caring for him with unwavering dedication.
Seeing Stella push herself so relentlessly, Miley grew concerned and tried to reason with her.
Stella, if you keep pushing like this, your body wont hold up.
You need to take care of yourself, too. Are you really not going to rest until Matthew wakes up? Stella shook her head gently and replied, Im fine.
You dont need to worry about me.
I can only feel at ease when Im here with him.
Realizing there was no changing Stellas mind, Miley decided to stay by her side whenever she could, offering companionship and sharing snippets of news from the outside world.
One day, Miley quietly shared, The Wheeler family doesnt want to take Lindsays ashes back.
Since Stella had returned to Seamarsh, her entire focus had been on caring for Matthew.
The world beyond his bedside seemed distant and unimportant.
She paid no attention to the events unfolding outside, trusting Waldo and Lucia to handle everything related to Lindsay appropriately.
Miley continued, her voice low but steady.
Did you hear? That maid, Katelyn, the one Matthew sent to care for Lindsayeveryone thought she was dead.
But somehow, she survived.
No one knows exactly how, but she appeared in front of the Wheeler family and exposed Lindsays scheme to have Robin killed.
Leona fainted on the spot, and Betsey outright declared that Lindsay had been raised by the Clark family and had nothing to do with the Wheelers anymore.
In the end, it was Lucia who stepped in and arranged for Lindsay to be buried in a cemetery.
Stella Listened in silence, her expression calm and unreadable.
Her thoughts remained tethered to Matthew, her heart consumed with worry for his recovery.
She had no energy, no emotion left to spare for anything or anyone else-least of all Lindsay.
Miley, noticing Stellas Lack of reaction, let out a quiet sigh.
You know, she said softly, in life, its always better to do good deeds.
Otherwise, things have a way of ending badly.
Stella offered no response, her silence firm and unyielding.
After Miley left, members of the Lowell family arrived to visit Matthew.
Bennett, now aware of Sanfords true identity, appeared visibly uneasy in Stellas presence, uncertain of how to conduct himself.
Stella, however, seemed completely oblivious to his discomfort. She greeted the two Lowell family elders with a warm smile, speaking kindly of Matthews progress and reassuring them not to worry.
Eventually, she brought up the topic of the treasure map.
Byron paused, his expression heavy.
After a long moment, he sighed deeply and said, That treasure map has been passed down through our family for generations.
Long ago, there were warningscurses, even-that the treasure could bring bloodshed and misfortune.
It was said that keeping it would only lead to ruin.
Your father wasnt particularly interested in the Lowell family business, so I entrusted him to safeguard the map.
I never imagined that this treasure would cost my son his life… and nearly bring disaster upon my granddaughter as well.
Hearing his words, Stellas resolve solidified.
To her, the treasure would no Longer exist.
She silently vowed that it would never again be allowed to ignite conflict or shed another drop of blood.
As the visit drew to a close, Bennett hesitated, lingering at the doorway 
###chapter2499
He looked torn, his expression conflicted.
Finally, after a long pause, he couldnt suppress the question any Longer.
Stella, he asked cautiously, do you… still have any contact with Sanford? Bennetts voice carried a trace of resignation as he shared, Sanford and I kicked off this company together, and now hes handed all his shares over to me.
Ive been trying to get him on the phone, but hes dodging my calls.
Stellas heart sank a little as she listened, piecing together that Sanford was probably cutting ties for good.
She met Bennetts troubled gaze and offered some solace.
Just roll with it.
Sanfords got his reasons.
He wouldnt hand over those shares without some serious thought behind it.
Acknowledging her words with a slow nod, Bennett felt the sting of regret about how things had panned out with Sanford, a man of complex layers and unpredictable moves. In the silence that followed, Stella remained still, lost in thought.
Bennett broke the quiet, his voice soft but firm.
Why dont you check on Matthew? And hey, take a moment for yourself too.
Remember, Im just a call away if you need anything.
With a soft hum of agreement, Stella turned and walked back to the room.
She perched on the edge of the bed, her mind buzzing with a tornado of thoughts.
Out of nowhere, a faint cough yanked her from her muddle of worries.
She looked up, startled, to find Matthews eyes fluttering open.
His gaze was weak but aware.
A wave of relief and joy washed over Stella, and she didnt hesitate for a second before she bolted out of the room to fetch Cordell.
In no time, Cordell and Bradly were at Matthews side, meticulously checking his vitals.
Waldo and Lucia joined, hovering close, wringing their hands as they waited.
Once it was clear Matthew was stable, Cordell, driven by a professional instinct, turned to Matthew and gently asked, Matthew, can you remember what happened right before you blacked out? Matthew didnt respond to the question but instead said, Cordell, could everyone please step outside? I need a moment alone with Stella.
One by one, the room emptied, leaving Stella to inch closer to Matthew, her voice steady yet Laden with concern.
What is it that you needed to tell me? Looking at her with eyes full of remorse, Matthew confessed, Stella, I owe you an apology.
I remember everything now, everything that happened before… At his words, warmth flickered in Stellas eyes, her voice quivering ever so slightly as she urged, What do you remember? Matthews gaze remained apologetic.
I need to apologize.
I know its selfish of me to put all the blame on my amnesia.
But most of the things I did during that time… I didnt mean any of it; it wasnt really me.
Stella, can I have a chance to make things right? Before he could finish, Stella closed the distance in a rush, mindful of his injuries, and enveloped him in a tight embrace.
Through her tears, she murmured, None of that matters now, just that youre awake.
I was so scared… scared that I might lose you forever. Her words tumbled out, a mess of fear and joy knotted together.
Feeling her tremble, Matthew wrapped his arms around her, his voice soothing.
Im here, and Im not going anywhere.
Dont be scared.
But Stella pulled back, her expression turning to one of accusation.
At that party, you thought only of rescuing me and my mom, never about your own escape! How could you be so reckless? Didnt you consider… Her words halted as a wave of dizziness overcame her, and she collapsed.
Outside, Matthews alarmed shout drew Cordell back into the room in an instant.
He found Matthew struggling to support Stella, his own wound reopening from the effort.
Cordells heart raced as panic set in, only broken by Matthews urgent voice.
Cordell, hurry! Stella just fainted.
###chapter2500
Cordell quickly stepped forward, steadying Stella and guiding her gently onto the bed.
As he checked her condition, he explained with a calm voice, Shes likely fainted from sheer exhaustion.
Stellas been by your side daily, tending to you without rest.
Its no surprise her body finally gave in.
If youre concerned, I can arrange for her to receive a nutrient drip.
Before the suggestion could go further, Miley burst into the room, her voice urgently sharp.
No! Stella cant just be given injections without caution! Matthews expression darkened, his brows drawing together in confusion.
What do you mean? Did something happen to Stellas health while I was unconscious? Cordell gave a helpless shrug, clearly at a loss.
Neville, equally confused, turned to Miley and spoke firmly.
Stop making a fuss.
Cordells a doctor; he knows what hes doing.
He wouldnt harm Stella.
Mileys face was pale with unease, but she hesitated, unable to explain properly. Cordell, his attention on Matthews bleeding wound, spoke up calmly.
Matthew, your wound needs attention.
Its more urgent.
Matthew, however, ignored his injury, his gaze locked on Miley, his voice low but insistent.
Miley, tell me.
What exactly is wrong with Stella? With Matthews unyielding stare weighing down on her, Miley clenched her jaw and, after a moment of hesitation, forced out the words.
Stella is pregnant.
The room went silent.
Everyone froze, their shock hanging in the air.
Neville was the first to break through the shock, his face lighting up in realization.
He smacked his forehead and said, Was this the reason you were at the hospital that time? Miley gave a small nod, confirming his suspicion.
Neville groaned in self-reproach.
I cant believe I missed it.
I thought Stella was just overworkedhow could I not have realized she was pregnant? Matthew made a swift decision.
His voice steadied with authority as he turned to Cordell.
Cordell, Find a specialized obstetrician immediately.
Stella needs a full check-up.
I want to ensure both she and the baby are safe.
The news of Stellas pregnancy rippled through the Clark family residence like a gentle wave.
Yet, out of respect for her dedication and fragility, no one dared to disturb her peace.
Whispers of silent prayers filled the air, hopeful for both her health and the babys safety.
After the doctor carefully patched up Matthews wound, he wasted no time heading back to the room.
The door creaked softly as he eased it open, careful not to make a sound.
His gaze fell on Stella, who lay peacefully in the warm glow of the bedside lamp.
His expression softened as affection flooded his heart.
Moving with deliberate gentleness, Matthew approached the bed. He lifted the edge of the blanket just enough to slip under.
He lay down beside her, every motion calculated to avoid disturbing her rest.
In truth, Matthew had already studied everything he could about pregnancy through various channels before.
But knowing it was now a reality, that Stella was truly carrying his child, hit him differently.
Still not satisfied, he reached for his phone and quietly began skimming through articles on early pregnancy care.
Question after question, answer after answer-each line committed to memory as though the knowledge could shield them both.
Finally, his eyes grew heavy.
Setting the phone aside, he flicked off the light, pulled Stella into a gentle embrace, and let her warmth wash over him.
For the first time in what felt like forever, a quiet calm settled over his restless mind.
Stella woke up feeling unusually refreshed, her mind still foggy from such a deep, peaceful sleep.
But as her awareness returned, flashes of what had happened before she Lost consciousness rushed through her mind.
Panic bubbled up in her chest, fearing it was all just a beautiful dream.
Driven by unease, she shifted to sit up-only to feel the gentle weight of an arm wrapped snugly around her waist.
###chapter2501
Startled, her gaze darted down, following the arm back to its source.
There, lying beside her, was Matthew.
She quietly studied Matthews features; it had been so long since shed been this close to him, close enough to take in every quiet detail.
Just then, Matthews eyelids fluttered open.
His gaze met hers, and they shared smiles, chatting and laughing as usual.
Stellas gaze lingered on Matthew before she drew in a breath and spoke softly.
Matthew, Im pregnant.
Matthew smiled and said, I already know.
The whole family does.
As he spoke, his hand moved carefully, resting over Stellas stomach Like protecting something precious.
The gesture was tender, but Stella couldnt resist teasing him.
Its barely two monthstheres nothing to feel yet. Matthew didnt smile this time.
His expression turned serious, his gaze holding hers with quiet intensity.
Im sorry, Stella.
Ive put you through so much.
Stella shook her head and said, Dont say that.
If you really mean that, say the three words instead.
Matthew hesitated for a moment, and then realization lit his eyes.
Looking into her eyes, he leaned in just slightly, his voice low but clear.
I love you.
The tenderness in his tone broke through Stellas walls.
Overcome with emotion, she leaned in and gently kissed Matthews Lips.
Matthews awakening and Stellas pregnancy were two joyous events that filled the entire Clark family with happiness.
Waldo, in particular, was overjoyed, his smile barely contained.
Gathering everyone together, he exclaimed excitedly, Since Stellas pregnancy isnt showing yet, lets seize the opportunity and plan the wedding now.
The suggestion was met with unanimous approval, as everyone nodded in agreement.
Thus, both families quickly sprang into action, busying themselves with preparations for the upcoming wedding.
Meanwhile, since Matthew was still recovering and Stella was pregnant, the two of them became the most relaxed amidst the flurry of activity.
One day, Dexter and Doreen arrived at the Clark family residence.
Dexter approached Stella with a respectful demeanor and said, Mrs.
Clark, Ive come to tender my resignation.
I was originally sent by Sanford to assist you, and now that he has returned to Lyllmann, its time for me to go back.
Stella was momentarily taken aback, but she quickly recovered, offering Dexter a warm smile.
Dexter, I truly appreciate all your help during this time.
If you ever wish to return to Seamarsh, youre always welcome to join our company.
Dexter nodded in acknowledgment.
As he turned to leave, he hesitated, seemingly wanting to update Stella about Sanfords situation. However, Stella gently interrupted, her voice calm and kind.
Take good care of him.
Dexter paused briefly, and then silently turned and walked away.
After watching Dexter leave, Doreen approached Stella with concern etched on her face.
Stella, how have you been feeling during your pregnancy? She handed Stella a resignation letter, guilt clear in her expression.
I found out from Fernando that the five million was given to me by Lindsay.
Because of that money, I helped her and betrayed you, and I cant forgive myself for it.
Ive already arranged everything at the Seamarsh studio.
You wont need to oversee it for now.
Im too ashamed to stay and work.
Stella accepted Doreens resignation letter silently.
She had been aware of ODoreens struggles-her father imprisoned, leaving Doreen and her mother to rely on each other, with her mother working odd jobs just to make ends meet.
###chapter2502
Stella knew Doreen wasnt a bad person; she was skilled and dedicated to her work.
Yet, given the circumstances, forcing her to stay wouldnt be right.
Stella met Doreens guilty gaze and said softly, Ill be waiting for the day you come back.
Later that evening, Stella entered the study, carrying a steaming cup of milk.
She found Matthew seated at the desk, focused and quiet.
At first glance, it seemed as though he had resumed working.
Curious, she approached quietly, only to find that he wasnt working-he was drawing.
Whos lucky enough to have the great Tobin personally sketch a design for them? Stella asked playfully, her curiosity piqued.
Hearing her voice, Matthew looked up, a smile Lighting his eyes.
Without a word, he reached out, gently pulling Stella onto his lap. Take a closer look, he said, pointing to the drawing.
What kind of design do you think this is? Stella leaned in and gasped softly.
It was a wedding dress design.
She gasped in surprise.
This..
is a wedding dress? Matthew nodded, a warm smile spreading across his face.
Thats right.
And the client..
is you.
Stella feigned a pout, pretending to be upset.
Youre stealing my job! I was planning to design my own wedding dress.
But then a thought struck her.
She had never designed a suit for Matthew.
With a teasing glint in her eyes, she added, In that case, Ive decided to personally design a suit for you.
Matthew gazed at her, his eyes brimming with affection.
He didnt but gently reminded her, Alright, but dont forget to rest.
Dont overwork yourself.
In the days that followed, the study became the setting for countless heartwarming moments.
Stella and Matthew would sit across from each other at the desk, each absorbed in their drawings.
Every now and then, theyd glance up, sharing soft smiles, as if the entire world consisted only of the two of them and their design sketches.
Time whisked by, and before anyone knew it, the wedding day had dawned. Bursting with excitement, Miley arrived early to help Stella with the days preparations.
Settling next to Stella, she flashed a mischievous grin and teased, Stella, feeling the jitters yet? Its your big night, after all.
With a gentle touch on Mileys arm, Stella smiled and dismissed the tease.
Oh, hush now.
Weve been over this.
Weve got a kid and a marriage certificate already.
Todays just the cherry on top.
Mileys laughter filled the room as she shifted topics.
Speaking of life changes, hows the pregnancy treating you? Stellas eyebrows lifted in curiosity.
Thinking about starting your own little brood? Wait, when will you and Neville make it official? A blush crept across Mileys cheeks as she admitted, We already made it official three days ago.
###chapter2503
Stunned, Stella beamed and squeezed Mileys hands.
Thats wonderful! So, whens the big party? Miley waved the thought away.
No party for us.
Were skipping straight to the honeymoon.
Stella nodded, understanding their choice perfectly.
She looked at Miley, and emotions welled up in Stellas eyes as she sighed.
It seems weve both snagged our slice of paradise, havent we? Concerned about Stellas comfort due to her pregnancy, Matthew had pared down the wedding to a cozy affair with just family and close friends.
As the clock struck ten, the simple yet heartfelt ceremony began. Stella, clad in a pristine white wedding gown and clutching a vibrant bouquet, entered the venue alone.
As she glanced around, familiar faces smiled back at her, and at the end of a path lined with flowers, Matthew stood waiting.
The suit he wore, designed by Stella herself, complemented his tall, handsome frame, and his smile radiated anticipation.
Her heart swelled with joy, making all previous hardships seem distant memories.
She began walking toward him, but Matthew, unable to hold back his excitement, met her halfway.
He reached out, took her hand, and together they continued down the floral aisle.
Upon reaching the center stage, Matthew professed his love with fervor.
Stella, I love you.
From the moment we met, I knew you were the one.
I promise to protect, accompany, and cherish you all our days.
Tears glistening in her eyes, Stella took the microphone.
Throughout our time together, Matthew and I have weathered storms and savored joys.
Im fortunate to have found him, and today, I am truly happy.
I wish for everyone here to find the same happiness.
Their eyes locked, the world around them seemed to disappear.
Matthew leaned in and their lips met in a tender kiss.
Seven months later, Stella gave birth to a beautiful girl named Delores Clark in the hospital, with Matthews joy evident as he gazed at his daughter in her cradle. A month later, the Clark family celebrated Deloress baptism with a lavish party.
Waldo, eager to mark his great-granddaughters milestone, invited the most influential figures from Seamarsh.
At the banquet, Delores, cradled by adoring guests, was the center of attention, resembling a tiny angel.
On the sidelines, Stella and Matthew watched the scene unfold, smiles spreading across their faces.
Matthew slipped his arm around Stellas waist and whispered sentimentally, I never imagined a day like this.
Youve brought all this joy into my life, Stella.
Ill spend my days ensuring our happiness continues.
Stella responded by tightening her arms around his waist, her contentment complete as she leaned into him, surrounded by love and celebration.
The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!

